THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 41.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 24th, 1786,

In the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

December the 14th, 1786,

In the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 41.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Mortis, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786*

the Laws made for those Purposes; and One of the said Members, being by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Mess.g. to attend the King.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker^ with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Writs issued Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pur-

daring the fuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-

Recen. fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the " Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of " Members to serve in Parliament in the Manner therein " mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz.for the County of Monmouth, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Neville, commonly called Lord Viscount Neville, now Earl of Abergavenny, called up to the House of Peers; for the Shire of Naim, in the room of Alexander Campbell, Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Baronet, deceased j and for the Shire of , in the

room of Alexander Garden, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended _ v. , His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty Speech re- was pleased to make a moil Gracious Speech from the ported. Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as fob loweth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Since 1 last met you in Parliament, the Disputes which appeared to threaten an Interruption to the Tranquillity of Europe have been brought to an amicable Conclusion; and I continue to receive from Foreign Powers the strongest Assurances of their friendly Disposition towards this Country.

At home. My Subjects experience the growing BlelT-ings of Peace, in the ExtensionofTrade, the Improvement of the Revenue, and the Increase of the public Credit of the Nation.

For the further Advancement of those important Objects, I rely on the Continuance of that Zeal and Industry which you manifested in the last SclUon of Parliament.

The Resolutions which you laid before Me, as the Basis of an Adjustment of the Commercial intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, have been, by My Direction, communicated to the Parliament of that Kingdom; but no effectual Step has hitherto been taken thereupon which can enable you to make any further Progress in that salutary Work.

M«mWra Several Members returned upon new Writs took the take oitht. Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to Vol. 41.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the present Year to be laid before you: It is My earnest With to enforce

Oeconomy

4

24° Januarii. A. 1786.

AddreRt on the King’* Speech.

Oeconomy in every Department; and you will, I am persuaded, be equally ready to make such Provision as may be necessary for the Public Service, and particularly for maintaining our Naval Strength on tlje 109ft secure and reiftf&able Footing. — Above all, let recommend to you the Establishment of a fixed |*lan for the Reduction of the National Debt The flourishing State of the Revenue will, I trust, enable you to effect this important Measure with little Addition to the Public Burthens.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Vigour and Resources of the Country, so fully manifested in its present Situation, will encourage you in continuing to give your utmost Attention to every ObjeCfc of National Concern; particularly to the Consideration of such Measures as may be necessary in order to give further Security to the Revenue, and to promote and extend, as far as possible, the Trade and General Industry of My Subjects.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our tnoft humble Tlianks for His Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To express our Satisfaction that the Disputes which appeared to threaten an Interruption to the Tranquillity of Europe have been brought to an amicable Conclusion; and, that His Majesty continues to receive from Foreign Powers the strongest Assurances of their friendly Disposition towards this Country:

To allure His Majesty, that we are deeply sensible of the Blefiings which we experience from the Enjoyment of Peace, in the Extension of Trade, the Improvement of the Revenue, and the Increase of the Public Credit of the Nation; and that His Majesty may rely on the utmost Exertion of our Zeal and Industry for the farther Advancement of these important Objects:

That, in order to promote, as far as in us lay, the common Interests of all His Majesty's Subjects, we humbly laid before His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, several Resolutions, as the Basis of an Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; but that, as uo effectual Step has been hitherto taken thereupon by the Parliament of that Kingdom, we do not find ourselves at present enabled to make any farther Progreis in that salutary Work:

To express our Gratitude for His Majesty’s gracious Assurances of His earnest Wilh to enforce Oeconomy in every Department; and our Readiuefs, at all Times, to make such Provision as may be necessary for every Branch of the Public Service, particularly for maintaining the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms on the most secure and respectable Footing: That, as we are fully imprefied with the Necessity of establishing a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, we shall lose no Time in entering on that important Consideration; and that it will afford us the most solid Satisfaction to find that this most desirable Object may be attained with little Addition to the Public Burthens:

That the Vigour and RefourCes so happily manifested in our present Situation mud give Encouragement and Confidence to all His Majesty’s Subjects; and cannot fail to animate our Exertions in endeavouring, by a continued Attention to the Security of the Revenue, and the Extension of Trade, to confirm and improve the increasing Prosperity of the Empire;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " That, in order " to promote, as far as in us lay, the common Interests of all His Majesty’s Subjects, we humbly

3

" laid before His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, several Resolutions, as the Basis of an Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great " jBritain and Ireland-,but that, as no effectual Step

" he* been hitherto taken thereupon by the: Parliament " of that Kingdom, we do not find ourfelwes at present " enabled to make any farther Progreis in that salutary " Work."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative

Then the main Question being put i Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble Thanks for his Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To express our Satisfaction that the Disputes which appeared to threaten an Interruption to the Tranquillity of Europe have been brought to an amicable Conclusion; and, that His Majesty continues to receive from Foreign Powers the strongest Assurances of their friendly Disposition towards this Country:

To assure His Majesty, that we are deeply sensible of the Blefiings which we experience from the Enjoyment of Peace, in the Extension of Trade, the Improvement of the Revenue, and the Increase of the Public Credit of the Nation; and that His Majesty may rely on the utmost Exertion of our Zeal and Industry for the farther Advancement of these important Objects:

That, in order to promote, as far as in us lay, the common Interests of all His Majesty's Subjects, we humbly laid before His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, several Resolutions, as the Basis of an Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; but that, as no effectual Step has been hitherto taken thereupon by the Parliament of that Kingdom, we do not find ourselves at present enabled to make any farther Progreis in that salutary Work:

To express our Gratitude for His Majesty’s gracious Assurances of His earnest Wilh to enforce Oeconomy in every Department; and our Readiness, at all Times, to make such Provision as may be necessary for every Branch of the Public Service, particularly for maintaining the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms on the most secure and respectable Footing: That as we are fully impressed with the Necessity of establishing a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, we shall lole no Time in entering on that important Consideration; and that it will afford us the most solid Satisfaction to find that this most desirable Object may be attained with little Addition to the Public Burthens:

That the Vigour and Resources so happily manifested in our present Situation mull give Encouragement and Confidence to all His Majesty’s Subjects; and cannot fail to animate our Exertions in endeavouring, by a continued Attention to the Security of the Revenue, and the Extension of Trade, to confirm and improve the increasing Prosperity of the Empire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Addington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Jenkinson, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Charles Preston, Mr. Aubrey, the Lord Apjley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Robert Smith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pye, Mr."

Beaufoy, Mr. Parry, Mr. Call, Mr. Powney; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediate!/ into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious

Vj VJ

26 Geo. III. 240 — 25° Januarii. 5

to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said " furnished with a Licence according to the Form here-Commitiee. " unto annexed."

Richmond Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond in the County of York, in the room of Charles Dundas, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Provisions Account of Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, imported imported at into the several Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, ^"found~ between the 10th of October 1784 and the 10th of October 1785, distinguishing the said Ports, and dittin-guishing from what Countries the same were brought.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Comfit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees.

Westbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of in the room of Chaloner Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath

accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendrtd, in the County of Berks.

Pembroke Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Pembroke, in the room of Sir Hugh Oiven, Baronet, deceased.

Liskeard Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Edward James Eliot, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25° die Anno 26° Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Prayeks.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- committee of pointed. Privilege*.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Surrey,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ord, Mr. Roje, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Beau-joy, Sir John Jervis, Mr. Solicitor General, the Matter of the Rolls, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, the Lord North, Mr. EUis, Sir Adam the

Earl of Courtown, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Addington, Mr.

Steele, Mr. Fox, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Phipps,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Mr.

Wilberforce, Mr. Martin, the Lord Apjley, Mr. Norton,

Mr. Murray, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Banl.es, Mr.

Young, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Alonday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee

id.

A PETITION of Andreas Emmerich, was pre-nmeric fentC(] the House, and read; Praying that

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dempster and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

uericaa Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an «de with Account of the Number of Vessels which have cleared wfound- oug from (jje several Ports of Great Britain, furnished with Licences to import Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, from any Place or Country belonging to the United Slates of America, into any Port, Harbour, or Place, in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to His Majesty belonging, pursuant to the Provisions of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for confining, for a limited Time, " the Trade between the Ports of the United States " of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the " llland of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live " Stock, to be imported in none but British-boi\t " Ships, actually belonging to Subjects, and

" navigated according to Law, clearing out from the " Forts of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and Vot. 41.

are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any usual Order* Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Refotoed, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious,

C the

6

250 Januarii. A. 1786.

Usual Order*, the House will order Satisfaction to be made- to the be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to Person petitioned against. hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this

House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers hath procured himself to be elected or returned a aforesaid.

Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, Person. during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no

Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, Resohed, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath or thereabouts, been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put thereof, or directy or indirectly hath endeavoured to in Execution, deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving

Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading utmost Severity against such Offender. thereto.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, lor any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament

Resolved, That, in all Cades of controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petition-

ers do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as* shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Post Matter General, do for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Matter General.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Cham- Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed ber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, up by him; apd that he do not presume to deliver the with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the to this House.

House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this every Day before the Door is locked up. House do, from Time to Time, when the House is

going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Com-Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume mittees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or a Morning, after such Notice, be~ declared to be null Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting. and void.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, y"^IIK*he of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do Vote5, Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, such as he shall appoint do presume to print the during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through fame.

the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall h Chaplain to

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach on

Haverford

West

ELe&ion.

Net Produce of Taxes.

Duties tin Coals.

Shop Tax.

26 Geo. III. 2* Januarii.

before this. House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of , in the

room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Milford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784; and from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1784 to Christmas 1784; and from Michaelmas 1785 to Christmas 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1784 to the 5th Day of January 178,5; and from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on all Coals exported Coastways, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, specifying the Sums raised at each Port, from the ift of January 1780, as far as the same can be made up; dillinguifhingeach Year.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers resident in the Town of Halifax, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, burthened as they are with the Duty imposed on Retail Shops, beg Leave to seek that Redress from Parliament, which, they conceive, the Justice and Equity of their same require, and, as the Ground of their Application, to ltate to the House, that the Oppression of the said Tax is grievously felt by them; that the Equivalent promised and held out to the Shopkeepers of this Kingdom, at the Time the said Duty was imposed, by abolishing the Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, made them at that Time chearfully acquiesce under what appeared to the Petitioners a necessary Imposition upon the Subject, yet, eventually, such promised Compensation has, in a great Measure, been denied to them; and that the Petitioners, sensible as they are, that the Legislature of this Kingdom meant not to tax any Set of Men without having an Eye to Equality in its Consequences, crave Permission to inform the Commons of Great Britain, that, from Experience and Observation, the said Tax operates immediately upon them as an additional House Duty, without a Possibility of reimbursing themselves by a Charge upon any of the Articles they vend: Under these Circumstances, the Petitioners presume to ask and hope, that the House will take their same into serious Confederation, and afford them the fought-for Redress, by a Repeal of that Law which bears fb partially hard upon a Description of Men whole Inclinations are forward to support the Exigencies of Government, in common with the rest of their Fellow Subjects, to the utmost of their Power.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Vo l. 41.

Execution an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Cromford Reign of His present Majesty for repairing, widening. Bridge Road, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for performing the Trusts of the said Act, several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which frill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road corapleated, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Common- Tewkesbury alty, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Pavin8* Gloucester, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Borough of Tewkesbury is a large and populous Market Town, situate in the great Road from Holyhead, Chester, Salop, and Worcester, to Gloucester, Bath, Bristol, and other Places in the Western Parts of the Kingdom; and that the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, and the Precincts thereof, are irregularly paved, and not properly cleansed or lighted, and are annoyed by Incroachments and Nuisances, and have no regular Watch; and that it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if Power was given to regulate Carts and other Carriages, and to ascertain the Rates of Carriage therein; and, it would be a public Convenience, if Part of the Street called Church Street was widened: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester, for Removal of present, and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for regulating Carts, and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage, and for widening feme Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Codrington, Mr.

Martin, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, and several of the Bur- Ditto, geffes and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is populous, and has a considerable Market; that the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, and Precincts thereof, are irregularly paved, and not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are much incommoded by Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it is necessary Carts and other Carriages should be regulated,

Liverpool

Road.

Address on the King’s Speech*

8

3 5 Januarii. A. 1786.

and the Prices for carrying Goods and Merchandize, within the said Town and Preeinfts, limited, and, that some Part of the Street called Church Street should be widened: And therefore praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Railages, and Places, for clearing the same from Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for the several other Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, under their Common Seal, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry Heathcote, of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, Clerk, Henry Assheton, of Lathom, in the said County, Esquire, John Atherton, of Walton aforesaid, Equire, Joseph Jackson, of West Derby, in the said County, Esquire, John

of Liverpool, in the said County, Esquire, William of Lathom aforesaid, Esquire, and Robert Moss, of Kirkdale, in the said County, Esquire, Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the " Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County " Palatine," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Townships and Places, through which the said Road between Liverpool and Preston leads, are omitted to be named in the said Act, whereby the Tolls thereby granted are more ealily eluded, and the whole Burthen of the Repair of the said Road, in those Townships and Places, falls upon the Inhabitants thereof, and many Inconveniences have arisen, from the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, being obliged to hold their Meetings at Four several Places alternately; and that the Trustees, acting in the Execution of the said Act, have expended several considerable Sums of Money upon the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and the same yet remain in several Parts too narrow and inconvenient, and in many Parts are going into great Decay, and, there is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, the Sum of 8,3.50 /; and that the said Tolls are not sufficient to com pleat the Repair of the said Road, and to keep the same in Repair, and effect the other Purposes of the said Act, and, it is become necessary to borrow a further Sum; and that the Money so due, and to be borrowed, as aforesaid, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be amended, or kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for remedying the said Inconveniences.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's' most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We learn, with great Satisfaction, that the Disputes which appeared to threaten an Interruption to the Tranquillity of Europe have been brought to an amicable Conclusion, and that Your Majesty continues to receive from Foreign Powers the strongest Assurances of their friendly Disposition towards this Country.

We are deeply sensible of the Blessings which we experience from the Enjoyment of Peace, in the Extension of Trade, the Improvement of the Revenue, and the Increase of the Public Credit of the Nation: And Your Majesty may rely on the utmost Exertion of our Zeal and Industry for the further Advancement of these important Objects.

In order to promote, as far as in us lay, the common Interests of all Your Majesty’s Subjects, we humbly laid before Your Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, several Resolutions, as the Basis of an Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; but, as no effectual Step has been hitherto taken thereupon by the Parliament of that Kingdom, we do not find ourselves at present enabled to make any farther Progress in that salutary Work.

We cannot refrain from offering the warmest Expressions of our Gratitude, for Your Majesty’s gracious Assurances of Your earnest Wi(h to enforce Oeconomy in every Department: We shall be equally ready, at all Times, to make such Provision as may be necessary for every Branch of the Public Service, particularly for maintaining the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms on the most secure and rel'peftable Footing. Fully impressed with the Necessity of establishing a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, we shall lose no Time in entering on that important Consideration; and it will afford us the most lolid Satisfaction to find that this most desirable Object may be attained with little Addition to the Public Burthens.

The Vigour and Resources so happily manifested in our present Situation mull give Encouragement and Confidence to all Your Majesty’s Subjects, and cannot fail to animate our Exertions in endeavouring, by a continued Attention to the Security of the Revenue, and the Extension of Trade, to confirm and improve the increasing Prosperity of the Empire.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech The King’s to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Considera- Speech to k tion Tomorrow Morning. considere?-

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-feoted to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

King appoints to be attended*

The King’s

Speech

considered.

Supply.

Aofwer to Address.

Adjourn-

ment.

Fourteenth Report on i'ublic Accounts.

26 Geo. III. 0.60 — 27

Jovis, 26° die Anno 26* Georgii III‘" Regia, 1786. Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty:

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27* Januarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III'U Regis, 1786. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very loyal and dutiful Address.

I receive, with great Satisfaction, the Assurances of your Disposition to enter with Zeal and Industry on the Consideration of those important and lalutary Objects which I have recommended to your Attention.

Resolved, That this House, will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Beachcroft and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fourteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Fourteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Having confined ourselves, in our last Report, to the Collection and Accounts of the Custom Duties, Voe. 41.

0 Januarii. 9

and to such Observations as occurred in the Investigation of those Two Objects; that we might complete our Inquiries upon the Subject of the Customs, we proceeded to the Part we had reserved for our future Consideration; namely, The Diminution of the Produce by the Charges attending the Management of this Revenue.

The Two Accounts of the Receiver General and Controller General of the Customs* to which our Attention has been directed, are those of the Year 1781, as being the last declared Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest: The Abstracts of those Accounts, transmitted to us from that Office, Appendix, and, for the Sake of referring to them more ealily, N"», a. inserted again in the Appendix to this Report, state the Sum paid into the Exchequer in that Year, by the Receiver General, to have been Two Millions *'771,3+6' 6‘4^' Seven hundred and Seventy-two thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds, Six Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny: And the Payments for Salaries and Incidents, by the Receiver General, One hundred " *

and Forty-eight thousand Six hundred and Forty-five Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Six Pence; and by the Controller General, One hundred and Thirty-four »3- s{.

Thousand Three hundred and Four Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Five-pence Halfpenny; and Two hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds, Four Shillings, and One £ *3*- li-Penny Halfpenny; amounting together to Two hundred and Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Eighty- £. »83,i8*.. to i. eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, and One Penny. But these Abstracls, comprehending the Receipts and Payments of those Two Officers only, do not include the Whole either of the Produce or of the Expenditure during that Year. Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, are Branches of this Revenue omitted in these Abstracls:

Such Shares of them as belong to the Crown are paid into the Exchequer, not through the Hands of the Receiver General, but by the Receivers for London and the Out Ports, and by the Solicitors of the Customs; and the Accounts of them are passed, not by the Auditors of the Imprest, but by the Accountant of Petty Receipts, and the Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts. Some Charges are likewise incurred at the Ports in the Plantations, and not included in any of these Accounts.

That the whole Amount of the Profit accruing to the Public from this Revenue, and of the Expences attending it, for the Year 1781, might appear at One View, we procured from the Office of the Customs, an Account of the Gross Amount arising from Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, and what Part of it was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, N° 3. for the Year 1781; and an Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management and Net Produce thereof, ^* 4-for the same Year, distinguishing the Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General, from the other Charges.

The Gross Amount of the Fines and Forfeitures was One hundred and Sixty thousand Four hundred £. 160,453- . 4j and Fifty-three Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Four Pence Farthing; and the Part of it paid into the Exchequer was Seventy-six thousand Six hundred and + 4}-

Sixty-two Pounds, Four Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpenny. This last Sum, being added to the Sum stated above as paid into the Exchequer by the Receiver General, gives Two Millions Eight hundred jC-»*49>°°8- ,0- 9-and Forty-nine thousand and Eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Nine Pence, the Amount of the Produce to the Public from die Revenue of the Customs in the Year 1781: And the Remainder of this Gross Amount, being Eighty-three thousand Seven hundred £-83>79>- 7-and Ninety-one Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, together with the Sum of Six hundred and Fourteen Pounds, Seventeen Shil- £-6>4- *7.7t-

D lings,

£.*S},iSS. JO.

»Cj«7»S94- »5-

No. 5.

£ *>*33.94*. 9-

£.2,77*>34«.

£.t$ 1,221. XI.

£283,188. 10.

io a70 Januariu A. 1786.

lings, and Seven Pence Farthing, the Charges in the t. Plantations, added to Two hundred and Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds,' Ten Shillings, and One Penny, the Sum of Charges above-mentioned, shews the Expence to the Public, for the Management of these Duties in that Year, to have been Three hundred and Sixty-seven thousand Five hundred and Ninety-four Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Eight Pence.

The Customs are certlected at Ports in different Parts of the Kingdom. That we might fee Row much each Port produced, and at what Expence to the Public, we procured from the Office of the Customs, an Account of the Gross Receipt of the Customs in London and the Out Ports, with the several Payments at each Port, distinguished under live proper Heads, with the Net Produce of each for the same Year. gj. The Sum of Two millions Eight hundred and Thirty-three thousand Nine hundred and Forty-two Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Eight Pence Three Farthings, the Net Produce, of the Customs in this Year, as stated in 4*‘ this Account, does not agree with the Sum of Two millions Seven hundred and Seventy-two thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds, Six Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpenny, stated in the Account of the Auditor of the Imprest to have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer: Nor does the Sum of Two hundred and Eighty-one thousand Two hundred and Twenty-two Pounds. Eleven Shillings, and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, the Charges of Management, under the Head of Salaries and Incidents, in this Account, , agree with the Sum of Two hundred and Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Ten Shillings, and One Penny, the Amount of the Payments by the Receiver and Controller General, under the like Titles, in the Accounts of the Auditor.

There are feme Articles, both in the Receipts and Payments, at the Out Ports, which were erroneous when transmitted from thence to the Board of Customs. These Errors could not be corrected Time enough to have the Articles inserted with Accuracy in the Account before the Auditor j but they are set right in this last Account, which is a correct State of the Ports in that Year. But, independent of such Errors, the Net Produce can hardly ever agree with the Sum paid into the Exchequer: — The component Parts of these Two Sums are not the same: The Sum paid into the Exchequer includes the Duties remitted to the Receiver General from Scotland and the Plantations; the Net Produce is the Produce of those Duties only which are collected in London and at the Out Ports: The Sum paid into the Exchequer does not contain such Part of the Duties collected at the Out Ports, as were not remitted to the Receiver General, or if remitted, were not turned into Cash during the Year; but the Net Produce comprehends all the Duties collected at the Out Ports during the Year, whether they became Cash in the Hands of the Receiver General or not: The Sum paid into the Exchequer consists of Cash only, arising either from Duties actually paid, or from the Discharge of Bonds given in preceding Years to secure the Duties; but the Net Produce includes not only the Duties paid to the Receiver General in Cash, but also those secured by Bonds, which, though remaining in his Hands in the Shape of Securities, are yet blended with the Duties he has received, and charged upon him in One compound Sum.

We should have proceeded to the Examination of the Articles, that composed this Sum of Charges for the Year 1781; but we found, upon Inquiry, that among so great a Number of Officers, feme being dead, others having resigned their Employments or changed their Situations, it would be hardly possible to procure a complete Account of the Emoluments of the Officers for a Year so distant from the present

Time; and therefore we turned our Attention to the Expences of the last Year, and required from the Office of the Customs Two Accounts; the one, of the Grofe Salaries, Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities received by the Commissioners and the Officers of the Customs in the Port of London, distinguishing by what Authority they are respectively appointed, with the Payments for Taxes, Deputies, Clerks, and other contingent Expences, all distinguished under their levered Heads, and the Net Produce received by each Officer for the Year 1784; the other, a similar Account of the Officers at the Out Ports.

The Return to the First of these Requisitions con- n° 6. tains the Officers belonging to the Customs in London.

They are ranged under Two general Divisions: First,

The Board, with the Officers attending them, and employed io conducting the general Business of this Revenue: Secondly, The Officers of the Port of London. — These Two comprehend several Subdivisions.

The First includes the Commissioners — the Secretary and Clerks — the Housekeeper — the Law Officers — the Officers of Receipt, Payment, Control, Examination, and Account The Second Class are distinguished either by the Business they transact, or the Place where they transact it. The Business arises from Imports or Exports, by Natives or Foreigners, or from Carriage Coastwise: It is carried on in the Long Room at the Customhouse — on Shipboard — at the Waterside — and, in Warehouses.

In this Return, the Salaries and Allowances paid to the Officers by the Crown, that is, out of this Revenue, . are distinguished from the Fees and Emoluments they receive from the Merchant, with a View of al’certaining how much the Revenue and Subject each contribute to the Support of these Offices; and the Salaries and Allowances paid to the Deputies and Clerks, by the Principal or other Officers, are placed in a separate Column from those paid to them by the Crown; because, being included in the Salaries and Allowances paid by the Crown to the Principal or other Officers, they would, unless so distinguished, be Twice charged to the Account of the Revenue.

The Deductions from the Profits of the Officers, by the Payment of Taxes, are distinguished from the other Deductions; because the Taxes returned into the Exchequer have the same Effect as a Payment back to the Public of so much of their Salaries and Allowances, and, consequently, are so far a Diminution of the Public Expence, excepting, what cannot easily be computed, the Diminution these Taxes suffer by the Charges of Collection, and the Lois sustained by the Public from the Delay of their Return into the Exchequer. One of the Taxes to which the Salaries and Payments to feme of these Officers are subject, is the Superannuation Fund, which has been long established in the Customs, as a Support for certain of the Officers, chiefly in the inferior Departments, who are worn out in the Service. As this Deduction from the Pay is not applied to the Use of the Public, we have separated it from those Taxes which are paid into the Exchequer.

The Circumstances to which we principally attended, in this Inquiry, are — the Authority that appoints — the Mode of Appointment — the Duration of the Interest — the Business transacted — and the Reward for the Execution. William Stiles, Esquire, Secretary to the N° 7. Commissioners of the Customs, gave us Information on these Subjects.

The Appointment of every Officer, is either by the King, the Board of Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Superior Officers in the Departments. — The King appoints by his Letters Patent. The Board of Treasury either appoints by Constitution or names by Warrant. The Chancellor of the Exchequer appoints

46 Geo. III. 370 Januarii. 11

by Warrant. The Board of Customs, by Comvniffiori or Order.

A Constitution by the Board of Tre&fary, contains both the Nomination and Appointment of the Officer but the Warrant of that Board is only a Nomination of the Person, and a Requisition to the Commissioners of the Customs to appoint hhn: The Mode of Appointment is by Commission under the Hands of Four of them, and the Seal of Office; and from hence the Officer derives the Authority and Powers annexed to his Office. The Officers thus constituted by the King, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or these Boards, comprehend all that are paid, either by Dormant Warrants, or upon the EstablHh-ment.

Where the Commissioners of the Customs aft without the Intervention of the Treasury, they appoint either by Commission or by Order of the Board: These are called Incidental Officers.

The Deputies are alt appointed by the Patentees, subject in some Instances to the Approbation of the Treasury. The Clerks are appointed, forne by the faperior Officers in the Department, tome by or with the Approbation of the Board of Customs, and others by the Treasury.

Upon every Nomination to an Office by Warrant of the Treasury, the Commissioners of the Customs direct an Inquiry whether the Person named has ever been dismissed the Service; if he has, they return the Warrant to the Treasury, stating this Objection, and the Person to be therefore madraitlible. Where the Office is that of a Collector, unless the Objection of Difoiiffion ariles, the Commissioners appoint him without farther Inquiry. If it be the Office of a Landing Surveyor, Landing Waiter, or Coast Waiter, and the Person named appears, upon Inquiry, to be ignorant of the Duty of the Office, he is put under Instructions for a certain Time, and not admitted to the Office but upon the Certificate of the proper Officer that he is duly qualified. Where it is an inferior Office, and there are Objections to his Age or Qualifications, the Commissioners return the Warrant, and state the Objections to the Treasury.

The Tenure of these Offices is either for Life, or during Pleasure. Some of the Letters Patent grant an Interest for Life; but most of them, and all the other Forms of Appointment, are during Pleasure only.

We procured from the Office of the Customs a List of the Offices holden by Letters Patent, with the Date of each Patent, the Names of the Officers in Possession, and their respective Interests therein; and from the Office of the Treasury, a List of those granted in Reversion, with the Dates of each Grant, the Names of the Grantees, and their respective Interests therein.

Many of the Offices are Sinecures; the Officer never attends, nor executes any Part of the Business; it is transacted entirely by Deputies and Clerks. We examined into the Duty and Business transefted in every Office, unless where the Description of that Duty is contained in the Examination of the same, or any other Officer, annexed to our last Report.

The Emoluments accruing from these Offices, are — Salaries — Allowances — Fees — Gratuities — and, Shares in the Produce of Seizures. The Salaries are some of them expressed in the Patents, Constitutions, and Warrants: In some of these Instruments they are not expressed, but ascertained by Reference to those Salaries inierted in former Instruments, or that have been usually annexed to the same Appointments. Other of the Salaries depend upon the Commission or Order of the Board of Customs; and the ferae Officer has frequently a Variety of Salaries given him by different Instruments.

The Allowances flow either from the Warrants Vo l.41.

of the Treasury or Orders of the Board of Customs. An Allowance is frequently not eafrly to be distinguished from a Salary: It is fotnetimes an Annual Payment, in Addition to, or in lieu of, a Salary; sometimes a Recompence for fomte special Service. One of these Allowances is for the Quarantine Service. The Execution of tire Orders of the Privy Council, relative to Ships performing Quarantine in all the Ports of England, is intrusted to the Officers of the Customs; but being properly no Part of the Business of the Customs, the Board of Treasury, by Warrant dated the 19th of December 172a, in Confe-

Juenee of a Memorial from the Commissioners of the lustoms, directed Two hundred Pounds a Year to be paid to each of the Commissioners for their extraordinary Service, Care, and Pains relating to the Quarantine, until it should, by the King’s Command, cease to be performed. This Allowance was extended, by subsequent Warrants, to the Secretary, the Western, Northern, and Copying Clerks, and to some other Officers. The Payments are all made by virtue of an Annual Warrant from the Treasury, directing the Receiver General to pay to the Officers named in a List transmitted to the Treasury from the Customs, and annexed to the Warrant, the Sums therein mentioned. The Allowances are different: That to each of the Commissioners is a fixed Sum; that to the other Officers is according to the Number of Ships — a certain Sum to each Officer, or Set of Officers, for every Ship put under Quarantine during the Year, except Men of War and Transports.

Four of these Allowances are Poundages: One upon the Coinage Duty; anotlter upon the Gross Produce arising from the Sale of Tea, Coffee, and Spirits, called the enumerated Goods, seized, condemned, and fold, pursuant to the Act of the Twelfth of George the First, Chapter the 28th; the Third upon the Coal Duty; and the Fourth upon the Produce of Seizures paid into the Exchequer.

The Poundage upon the Coinage Duty is grounded upon the Act of the 25th of Charles the Second, Chapter the 8th, which empowers the Board of Treasury to allow to the Officers employed in the Collection and Receipt of that Duty, out of the Money arising therefrom, Salaries and Allowances not exceeding in the Whole Twelve Pence in the Pound of the Money collected. By Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 13th of December' 1714, this Poundage is directed to be equally divided, in the Port of London, between the Receiver of the Duty, the Controller General, and the Receiver General; to each Four Pence in the Pound.

The Poundage upon the Gross Produce arising from the Sale of the enumerated Goods, is regulated by a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 9th of May 1728, and paid out of that Produce. This Minute directs what Poundage shall be paid to those, Officers, both in London and at the Out Ports, who are employed in the Conduct of this Business, as a Reward for their Service.

The Poundage upon the Coal Duty relates to the Out Ports only, and is grounded upon a Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 19th of September 1699, which directs Three per Cent, upon the First Thousand Pounds, and One per Cent, upon every Hundred Pounds afterwards, collected at the Out Ports, and so in Proportion, to be divided between the Collector and Controller, Two Thirds to the one, and One Third to the other, as a reasonable Compenfetion for their Service in this Branch of Duties.

The Poundage upon the Sum arising from the Produce of Seizures paid into the Exchequer, being the Emolument of a Angle Officer only, the Inspector of Prosecutions, will be aescribed hereafter, in the Account of that Office.

Such of these Salaries and Allowances as are appointed

PdortanA Report on Public Accounts.

N* 10.

£.*0.

N# 11.

N* 1a.

N* 13.

£ 1,000. £ io»-

12

27° Januarii. . 1786.

Fourteenth pointed to be paid to the established Officers, are in-Report ferted in the Establishment made out every Quarter for Accounts every Department in the Port of London, and for every Out Port. Such- as belong to the Incidental Officers are entered upon the Quarterly Incidental Lift. Such Officers as receive their Salaries by Dormant Warrants, are paid by the Receiver General, without the Intervention of the Board of Customs.

All the Salaries and Allowances, except the Poundages and the Incidental Expences of the Customs in London, are paid, unless otherwise directed by the Warrant or Order, out of the Duties placed under the Head of Customs; and in the Out Ports out of any Money in the Hands of the Collectors, to whatever Branch of Duty it may belong, unless it be one of the excepted Branches.

Regularly every Duty should defray the Expence it occasions: It ought to bear its Proportion of the General Charges of Management; but that is utterly impracticable, as the same Officer, or Class of Officers, with a Variety of different Stipends, collect and keep the Accounts of the numerous Branches, and the Amount of the Duties arising from the several Branches in the same Year, or from the same Branch in different Years, is very unequal; and as the same Incidental Expence relates to many or all of the Branches, it is near to an Impossibility to apportion the Salary, Allowance, or Expence among the several Branches, lb that each shall contribute its due Share to the common Charge.

N° 14. R appears by a Memorial of the Board of Customs to the Treasury, dated the 19th of May 1758, that before the Year 1709, the Charges of the Establishment, in every Port, were paid out of the Duties received under the Head of Customs: But by the Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer dated the 25th of

April 1710, the Collector of a Port, where the Receipt under that Head fell short to answer the Charges, was permitted to supply the Deficiency by borrowing from Five other Branches therein enumerated; which Five, together with the Customs, are called The United Branches. These too being frequently deficient, a Warrant of the Treasury, of the 31st of July 1761, issued in consequence of the Memorial of the 19th of May 1758, authorized the Board of Customs to direct the Application of all the Branches (except the Coinage Duty) to the Charges of Management This Warrant the Board carried into Execution by their Minutes of the 7th of August and 10th of October 1761.

The Fees received in the Customs are grounded, some upon Acts of Parliament, some upon Usage, and others are demanded and paid under the Name of Fees, but of which neither the Origin nor Authority appears. We required from the Office an Account of such Fees as the Officers are authorized to take by virtue of any Act of Parliament, and for what Business such Fees are payable.

Five Tables of Fees were returned to us pursuant ,5> to this Requisition. The First of them is the Copy of a Table hung up in the Long Room at the Customhouse in London.

The 24th Rule, at the End of the Book of Rates, annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, directs, " That no Officer belonging to the Customs shall receive any other or greater Fee, than such as are, or " shall be, established by the Commons in Parliament " assembled, on Pain of Forfeiture of his Office, and " Incapacity." By an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 17th of May 166a, and signed by Sir Edward Turner, then Speaker, mentioned and continued in force by the Act of the lit of Anne, Chapter the 13th, a Table of Fees for the Port of London was settled and confirmed, and a Copy directed to be set up in the Customhoulc.

At the End of a Collection of the Statutes, relative

to this Revenue, passed soon after the Restoration, printed by the King’s Printers, in the Year 1663 (produced to us by Mr. Richard Frewin, the Examiner of the Duties Inwards) this Order of the House of Commons is inserted, with the Table annexed; which appears, upon Comparison, to be the same with the Table returned to us firom the Long Room at the Customhouse.. Both the Order and Table are likewise to be found in some of the Books of Rates compiled and published for the Use of the Customs.

The other Four are Tables of Fees for the Ports of N* 16,17,18. Bristol, Great Yarmouth, Kingston upon Hull, and ,£>* Chester; and are copied from an old Book in the Customhouse.

It appears, from the Journals of the House of Commons, of the 17th of May 1662, that Tables for the Three First of those Ports were that Day reported to the House, and agreed to These Fees, established by the Legislature, are for Work done at legal Times and Places; but, for the Accommodation of Trade, the Act of the 6th and 7th of William and Mary, Chapter the 7th, authorizes the Officers to receive, for any Extraordinary Service, such a Recompence as the Commissioners in London, or any Two of the Collector, Customer, or Controller at an Out Port, shall determine.

By the Eighteenth Rule, annexed to the Book of Rates, the Attendance of the Officers who fit in the Customhouse in London, is from Nine to Twelve in the Forenoon; and one Officer, or able Clerk, is ordered to attend in the Afternoon, during the Time the Officers at the Waterside are in waiting. At the Out Ports, their Attendance is for the same Time in the Forenoon, and from Two to Four in the Afternoon.

By the Thirteenth Rule, the Merchant is permitted to lade or unlade his Goods, at the lawful Quays, from the 10th of September to the 10th of March, between Sunrifing and Sunletting; and in the other Half Year, from Six in the Morning to Six in the Evening; and the Officers appointed to attend the lading and unlading must, upon Notice, be in waiting. These not having been altered by the Legislature, still continue to be the legal Hours of Business, though departed from in Practice, changing with the Manners of the Times.

The Table for London, above-mentioned, contains the Fees payable to certain Officers, and for certain Business only: But, as the Business of the Customs and Number of Officers are greatly increased since the Restoration, and consequently many other Fees are paid at the Customhouse, and in the Port of London, than are to be found in this Table, we required from the Office an Account of all Fees usually taken by the several Officers of the Customs, including Patentees,

Deputies, and Clerks, and all others of every De-Icription whatever, in the Port of London, distinguishing for what Business or Documents such Fees are paid, exclusive of Stamps.

The Return to this Requisition contains a distinct Lift of all the Fees taken by each Officer and Clerk respectively, in every Department of the Customs in London; and consequently, it includes, though it does not distinguish them, the Fees established by the Legislature, as well as those grounded upon Usage, or the Discretion of the Officer. We have, in Obedience to the Injunctions of the Legislature, extracted from this Return, and annexed to our Examination into each Department, a List of foe Fees taken by the several Officers and Clerks in that Department. Such of them as derive their Authority from the Order of 1662 will, upon referring to it, be found in the Table established by that Order.

The Mode of collecting the Fees appointed to be paid to the Customer, Controller, Surveyor, and Surveyor General, in the Port of London, is settled by the

Twenty-

2 6 Geo. III.

270 Jamarii.

l$# 6.

N*2o.

7.

K* ai. M 22,23. N* 24. N» 25. N* 26.

£ .

1,000. —

*00. —

MJ. J.

974- >7-

io, Soo. — *»c*6. 7.

*.77 J- *3-

Twenty-fifth Rule annexed to the Book of Rates. They are received in One Sum' by that Officer, who is to deliver the Cocket or Certificate to the Merchant, and divided by him among those Officers, according to the Shares they are severally entitled to.

The Gratuities received 'by these Officers are, in general, as a Recompence for Business transa&ed either out of their proper Department, or out of Office Hours, or upon the Sufferance Quays, or for additional Trouble.

Among the Profits attending these Offices, we did not require what arose from the Produce of Seizures. This Species of Emolument is confined to Officers of certain Descriptions only: It is precarious in its Nature, very different in different Years, much diminished by late Regulations of the Legislature, and may, by similar Regulations hereafter, there is Reason to hope, be almost extinguished; and therefore the Knowledge of what each Officer received from it in the Year 1784 can be no Ground for the Regulation of his future Establishment: But although we did not require it, many of the Officers have included, among their Emoluments, the Allowances they receive out of the Produce of Seizures.

We pursued, iu our Inquiries, the Arrangement in which the Officers are disposed in the Lift of them returned to us, and examined the chief efficient Officers in each Department: omitting those who do not execute the Business of the Office, and those who are placed in the inferior Stations. We have Hated the Amount of the Salaries and Allowances, and of the Fees and Gratuities received, and of the Taxes paid in each Division; referring, in general to the Custom-house Lilt for the Kind of Inltrument or Authority by which each Office is holden, and for the separate Receipt and Payment of each Officer in that Division, as being the re inserted distinctly, with the Net Produce of his Employment.

The Officers are distinguished in this Lift into Thirteen Gaffes.

lit. The First of them is the Board and their Attendants. Of tliele we examined Edward Hooper, Esquire, the Senior Commissioner; Stiles, Esquire, the

Secretary; Mr. George Robinson, the Western Clerk; Mr. John Gale, the Northern Clerk; Mr. Harry Hutson, the Chief Copying Clerk; Mr. James Powell, the Plantation Clerk; Mr. Thomas Shaw, the Clerk in the Bond Office; and Mrs. Bridget Kelly, the Housekeeper.

Nine Commissioners, appointed by Commission under the Great Seal, to hold their Offices during Pleasure, constitute the Board of Customs. They have each Two Annual Salaries; One thousand Pounds under the Commission, and Two hundred Pounds for the Quarantine Service; and no other Emolmument. He pays Annually for Taxes Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, Three Shillings, which reduces his Income to Net Nine hundred and Seventy-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, a Year. The Amount of the Salaries paid to this Board is Ten thousand Eight hundred Pounds; from which Two thousand and Twenty-six Pounds, Seven Shillings, the Amount of the Taxes, being deduced, an Expence of Eight thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, a Year, remains upon the Public.

The Secretary has, in his Office, Four Principal, and Fourteen other Clerks. They are supported by Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuties: They all have Salaries; and some of them a Variety, by different Instruments. The Allowances are confined to certain of them only: That for the Quarantine Service is given to the Secretary, the Wellem, Northern, Copying, and Minute Clerks; that of the Enumerated Poundage, which is One Penny in the Pound upon the Gross Produce, is divided into Five Parts, and Vol. 41.

paid, Two of them to the Secretary, One to the Western Fourteenth and One to the Northern Clerk; and the remaining Report Fifth among the Copying Clerks; One Fifth of that ou Public Fifth to the First, and Four Fifths among the rest of AccounU-them.

The Fees taken in this Office are grounded upon Usage. They are received by the First Copying Clerk, and divided into Eight Parts; Five for the Secretary,

One for the Western and Northern Clerks each, and One for himself.

The Plantation Clerk, and the Clerk in the Bond Office, have separate Fees of their own.

The rest of these Attendants, are — the Housekeeper — the Controller of her Accounts — the Surveyor of the Buildings — a Doorkeeper — and, Messengers.

The Housekeeper receives Two Salaries, together Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds a Year; and, since the Abolition of her Perquisites by the Board, in the Year 1783, an Allowance of Two hundred Pounds a Year in lieu of them. She pays for Taxes Annually One hundred and Two Pounds, Eighteen Shillings.

A Lift of the Fees and Gratuities taken by the Officers in this Class is inserted in the Appendix. The Amount of the Salaries and Allowances paid to them by the Public is Four thousand Three hundred and £.4,394. 3.

Ninety-four Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Three Pence. The Sum paid by the Subject is One thousand Eight hundred and Eight Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence Halfpenny; and for Taxes, Four hundred and Fifteen Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Eight Pence.

4*5- —

Z02. l8.

27.

1,80S. a. 6|.

41 j. 8. 8.

N* 28.

N* 29. N* 30; Na Sift0 32.

ad. The next Class of Officers attending the Board consists of Five Divisions: First, The Officers for the Law Business; Second, The Cashiers and Paymasters, with their Controls; Third, the Controllers and Examiners of the General Accounts; Fourth, The Inspectors of the Officers Conduct; Fifth, Officers for keeping Accounts respecting Trade.

iff. In the First Division we examined Mr. John Tyton, the Solicitor for London and the Western Ports;. Mr. William Cooper, the Solicitor for the Northern Ports; Mr. George Litchfield, the Solicitor for Bonds and Criminal Prosecutions; Mr. John Arden, the Deputy Inspector of Prosecutions; and Mr. William,

the Deputy Register of Seizures.

The Officers in this Division, who are a Charge upon the Public, are — Four Solicitors — the Inspector of Prosecutions — the Register of Seizures — and, the Auditor of the Solicitors Accounts. The Deputies, with the Clerks and Messengers, are paid by their Principals, who have Allowances made to them for that Purpose. The Emoluments of the Solicitors arise from various Salaries and Allowances: They have no other than their professional Fees for the Business they transact, payable either by the Defendants who are prosecuted, or out of the Produce of Seizures.

The Inspector of Prosecutions receives for the Duties of his Office, pursuant to a Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 4th of August 1687, a Poundage of Five per Cent, upon the King’s Share of the Produce of Seizures paid into the Exchequer; but the Act of the 21st of His present Majesty, Chapter the 6«d, having empowered the Commissioners of the Customs to order the Charges of Management to be paid out of that Share, and the Sum paid into the Exchequer having been consequently reduced, this Officer, upon Application last Year to the Treasury, obtained, as a Compensation for the Diminution of this Poundage, an Allowance of such a Sum as, together with the Produce of the Poundage, made up the Grofe Emoluments of his Office Two thousand Pounds a Year.

The Register of Seizures has Two Salaries, and a Fee of Five Shillings for every Certificate, where the King’s Share amounts to Ten Pounds or upwards,

E allowed

ft* 148.

14

270 Januarii.

A. 178

allowed him by the Board of Customs. This Law ' Department is entirely supported by the Public, at the

4.390. 16. 9\. Expence, last Year, of Four thousand Three hundred and Ninety Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Nine Pence s*i. 9. 10. Farthing; deducing Five hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Ten Pence, the Amount of the Taxes.

2d. Of the Second Division, the Cashiers and Pay-matters, with their several Controls; we examined 33j 34* ]VJr. John Mills, the Assistant to the Receiver General; k°35- Mr. Humphrey Bachethe Chief Teller; Mr. John n°36* Dailey, the Deputy Supervisor of the Receipts and n#37- Payments; Mr. Thomas Deputy Receiver of

N* 38. Fines and Forfeitures for LondonMr. William

Deputy Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out ^*30* Ports; Mr. Richard the Controller of those

Nj4°- Fines and Forfeitures; Mr. his

#*1, Deputy; and Mr. John First Clerk to the

Accountant of Petty Receipts.

The Revenue arising from the Customs is not all paid into One Treasury. There are in this Division Three Officers appointed for the Receipt of different Parts of it; the Principal of which is that of the Receiver General; the other Two are for the Receipt of the Fines and Forfeitures, the one for the other for the

Out Ports.

The first of these Offices consists of the Receiver General, an Assistant, Two Tellers, Eleven Clerks, and a Messenger. The Controul upon the Receiver General, is, the Supervisor of his Receipts and Payments, with a Deputy and Two Clerks. — The other Two have each a Receiver and Clerk; the one for Landon has a Deputy, and the other for the Out Ports a Controller and his Clerk. This Division includes likewise Two other Officers; that of the Accountant of Petty Receipts, with Seven Clerks; and that of the Receiver of the Superannuation Fund, and his Controller.

The Receiver General has a Variety of Salaries; and One Third of the Poundage on the Coinage Duty: He receives some usual Fees for Entries, and Ibme Gratuities upon the Payments made in his Office. He gives Salaries to all his Assistants and Clerks; besides which, they also have the like Fees and Gratuities.

The Supervisor, the Receiver for the Out Ports, and his Controller, are paid by Salaries only: The Receiver for London, by Allowances, and Fees upon Sales: The Accountant of Petty Receipts, by a Salary, and a Poundage of Three Pence Halfpenny upon the Gross Produce of Seizures.

A Lift of the Fees and Gratuities taken in this Divi-N° 43. fion, is added in this Appendix. The Charge it brings £ 6,76*. 6. n{. upon the Public is Six thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-5°8' 9' 6- penny; upon the Subject, Five hundred and Eight Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Six Pence; and the 819. xo. 10J. Amount of the Taxes is Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Ten Pence Farthing.

3d. The Controllers and Examiners of the General Accounts are the Third Division. Of these we examined N° 43. Mr. Joshua Powell, First Clerk to the Controller Gene-N*44. ral; Mr. William Saxby, Deputy to the Surveyor of the N° 45- Out Port Accounts; Mr. Charles May, Attorney to the Inspector and Examiner of the Exchequer Books in the N* 46- Out Ports; and Mr. James Powell, Chief Clerk to the Inspector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts and Vouchers.

This Division includes the Controller General, and Thirteen Clerks; the Surveyor of the Out Port Accounts, and his Deputy; the Inspector of the Exchequer Books of the Out Ports; the Inspector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts and Vouchers, and Five Clerks; Four Examiners of the Out Port Collectors Quarter Books, and Three Clerks; and Two other Examiners, with a Clerk to each.

All these Officers are paid by Salaries; except that the Controller General has likewise One Third of the Poundage on the Coinage Duty, and his Clerks some Gratuities for Extra Service; and the Clerk to the Examiner of the Sufficiency of Officers Securities, receives some Fees, as in the Lift in the Appendix. The Amount N° of the Salaries and Allowances to these Officers was Four £ 4.318. 17.4. thousand Three hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Four Pence; of their Fees and Gratuities, One hundred and Twelve Pounds, Eighteen m. is. 6. Shillings, and Six Pence; and of the Taxes they paid.

Seven hundred and Sixty-two Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, 7<i* ,+- ~F and One Halfpenny.

4th. Among the Inspectors of the Conduct of Officers, we examined Thomas Fanshaw, Esquire, Chief Deputy k»48. to the Surveyor General, and Arthur Hammond, 49. Esquire, one of the General Surveyors attending in London.

The Officers in this Division are, the Surveyor General, Three Deputies, and Two Clerks; Four General Surveyors attending in London, with a Clerk and Messenger; Two Surveyors of Riding Officers;, and an Examiner.

The Surveyor General receives Two Salaries, and Fees according to the Schedule in the Appendix, which N° 50. corresponds with the Legal Table.

The Deputy Outwards, and his Clerk, have Fees likewise as in the Schedule. — All the rest of the Officers in this Division are paid by Salaries only.

The Amount of all the Salaries is Three thousand £ 3*040. — — and Forty Pounds; of the Fees, One thousand Eight 1,806. n. ,0. hundred and Six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Ten Pence; and of the Taxes, Seven hundred and Sixty-four 764- 18. 8. Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Eight Pence.

' 5th. The last Division in this Class contains Two Offices, in which Accounts are kept respecting Trade.

The one is that of the Register General of all Trading Ships belonging to Great Britain, who employs Five Clerks; of whom we examined Mr. James Turner, the N° 51. Chief Clerk. The other is that of the Inspefitor General of Imports and Exports, who has an Assistant and Six Clerks; of whom we examined Mr. John Tomkyns, the N 52. Assistant.

These Officers are supported by Salaries only; except that the Four Under Clerks of the Register General receive some Small Fees, as in the Appendix. 1*53.

The Salaries to these Officers amount to One thou- £. I)7ia _ sand Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds; the Fees, to Fourteen Pounds, Fifteen Shillings; and the Taxes, 14. t5 to Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds, Twelve 3*9- . Shillings.

3d. The Third Class of Officers are those employed in the Long Room at the Custom-house. They are ranged in Four Divisions, distinguished by the Business they are engaged in The First are employed in the Foreign Business, both Imports and Exports; the Second, in the Imports only; the Third, in the Exports only; and the Fourth are additional Checks upon the Imports.

lft. In the First of these Divisions, we examined James Hume, Esquire, Chief Deputy to the Controller N° 54.

of the Customs; Mr. William Richardson, the Deputy N° 55.

Inwards; Mr. Henry Herd, the Deputy Outwards; N* 56.

Perry Player, Esquire, the Customer of Cloth and N° 57.

Petty Customs Outwards; Mr. William Reade, the , N° 58.

Deputy Controller of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards; George Tayleure Braithwayte, Esquire, N* 59. the Chief Deputy Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs for London; and Mr. Charles May, his Deputy N°6o. Outwards.

There are in this Division Three different Branches:

First the Controller, his Chief Deputy, his Two Deputies, the one Inwards, the other Outwards, and Three Clerks: Second, the Customer of Cloth and

Petty

N*6i.

£ 95°-----

4-459- «°- 4-

354- *4- —

N«6i. N# 63. N* 64. ^65. N*66. N0 67. N* 68.

fc° 69. N* 45-N*7o.

n*7,.

N» l. N°58.

N#73.

£>.693. 8. 10.

*>9*. 5. 6|. 4*5- *- 6f

N-74.

k*75. 76.

N# 77, 7«.

V79.

N* 80.

N» St.

26 Geo. III. 2j° Januarti. 15

Petty Customs, his Controller, Deputy Controller, and One Clerk: Third, the Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs for London, his Chief Deputy, Deputy Outwards, and Four Clerks.

The Payments to these Officers are, Salaries, and Fees according to the Schedule in the Appendix. The Fees of the Controller and his Deputy, and of the Petty Customer, Controller, and Surveyor, are those inserted in the Legal Table; the Fees of the others depend upon Custom.

The Amount, in this Division, of the Salaries, is Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds; of the Fees, Four thousand Four hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Four Pence; and of the Taxes, Three hundred and Fifty-four Pounds, Fourteen Shillings.

ad. In the Second Division, we examined JfriHiam Suckling, Esquire, Chief Deputy to the Collector Inwards; Mr. Martin Challis, the Clerk of the Ships Entries; Mr. William Sims, the Clerk of the Rates; Mr. James Deacon, the Receiver of the Grand Receipt; Mr. Henry Gyles, the Receiver of the Plantation Duties; Mr. William the Receiver,

and Mr. Hutchinson Hothersall , the Computer

of the Wine Duties; Mr. Peregrine Sims, Deputy Petty Customer Inwards; Mr. Charles May, Deputy Register of Warrants; Mr. Richard the Exa.

miner; Mr. Philip White', the Computer of the Fifteen per Cent, on Muslins; Mr. William Saxby, the Copying Clerk of Entries Inwards; and Mr. William Reade, the Assistant to the Clerk of the Ships Entries.

The Officers employed in the Import Business only, are, the Collector, and his Deputy; the Collector of the Petty Customs, and his Deputy; the Clerk of the Ships Entries, his Assistant, and Two Clerks; Three Receivers, and Four Clerks; the Clerk of the Rates, and Three Clerks; Three Computers, and Two Clerks; Two Examiners, and Three Clerks; the Register of Warrants, and his Deputy; and the Copying Clerk of the Entries Inwards. All of them have Salaries, either from the Crown or their Principals; most of them Fees, either established or customary; and some of them Gratuities: All are inserted in the Appendix.

The Amount of the Salaries is, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Ten Pence; of the Fees and Gratuities, Six thousand One hundred and Ninety-two Pounds, Five Shillings, and Six Pence Halfpenny; and of the Taxes, Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence Halfpenny.

3d. In the Third Division, which are the Officers employed in the Export Business only, we examined James Meller, Esquire, the Chief Deputy Collector; Mr. William Bates, the Deputy; Mr. Thomas Sutton, the Assistant Deputy and First Cocket Writer; Mr. James Dodson, the Receiver; Mr. Robert Seymour, the Deputy Collector; and Mr. Perry Player Blom-mart, the Deputy Controller of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather; Mr. Henry Bushby, the Clerk of the Certificates; and Mr. Charles Causton, the Deputy Ulher.

This Division contains that Branch of the Office of the Collector Outwards, called the Cocket Office; which is executed by the Two Deputies, the Assistant Deputy, the Receiver, and Eight Cocket Writers (of whom the Assistant Deputy and Receiver are Two) and an extra Clerk. It includes like wife the Collector of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather, and his Deputy; the Controller, and his Deputy; the Copying Clerk; the Clerk of the Certificates, and his Three Clerks; the Usher, his Deputy, and Clerk, and Two Watchmen.

In the Department of the Collector Outwards, he alone receives a Salary from the Crown. To some of his Officers he pays Salaries: All of them, with the Vox.. 41.

Collector himself, have Fees. Mod of the remaining Officers in this Division have Salaries, either from the Crown or their Principals; and, except the Copying Clerk, who has Two Salaries only, they all receive Fees; some of them in the established Table, others customary; and to some of them Gratuities are given. They are all stated in the Schedule.

The Expence to the Public, for this Division, is Four hundred and Eighty-four Pounds, Three Shillings, and Four Pence; to the Subject, Eight thousand Three hundred and Twenty-one rounds, Eleven Shillings, and Seven Pence; the Taxes are Two hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

4th. The additional Checks upon the Imports are — Five Jerquers, with their Seven Clerks-^the Register of the Certificate Cockets, and Three Clerks. We examined Mr. James Burne, the Southern Plantation Jerquer; Mr. William Buddie, his First Clerk; Mr. John Tombs, the Wine Jerquer; and Mr. Ambrose Edwards, the senior Clerk to the Register of Certificate Cockets.

All these Officers have Salaries paid by the Crown, except the Clerks to the Register of Certificates, who are paid by him. The Fees are customary, and for the most Part upon Instruments entered in the Office. Gratuities are paid upon Portage Bills. All are in the Schedule; except an Annual settled Payment of One Guinea by each Landing and Deputy King’s Waiter to the First Clerk of each Jerquer, for some Business formerly done by the Landing and King’s Waiter, and now by the First Clerk.

The Salaries amounted to Nine hundred and Eighty Pounds; the Fees, to Eight hundred and Forty-one Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and One Penny; and the Taxes, to One hundred and Forty-nine Pounds, Six Shillings, and Four Pence.

An Article of Commerce, liable to a Custo'm Duty upon Importation, must, to secure the Payment of the Duty, be watched from the Time the Ship enters the Port, until the Duty is paid; and being forfeited by evading the Duty, it may be pursued and seized. An Article liable to a Duty upon Exportation, rauft, to prevent its being changed or altered, be guarded from the Time the Duty is paid, until the Ship has quitted the Port: And an Article entitled to a Drawback or Bounty upon Exportation, must, to prevent the re-landing it, be guarded from the Time the Merchant delivers it to the Officer, until the Ship has quitted- the Port.

Hence arises the Necessity for different Classes of Officers, to attend upon and examine these Articles, at different Stages, in their Passage between the Ship and the Merchant; and to pursue them if they escape the Duty.

There are also Three Species of Commerce — Coals — East India Goods — and Tobacco, each of which is extensive enough to require and employ distinct Sets of Officers in the Management of those particular Branches only. Upon these Circumstances the Distinfiions of the following Classes are grounded.

4th. The Fourth Class are, the Officers at the Water-side, for the Foreign Business Inwards. It consists of Nine Landing Surveyors, with Two Assistants, a Clerk, and a Messenger; Thirty-eight Landing Waiters; Three Gaugers; Nineteen Patent King’s Waiters, with as many Deputies; Three Appointers of the Weighing Porters, who are also Weighers in Fee; Twenty-two other Weighers in Fee; Three Weighers of Iron; Ninety-eight, out of Two hundred and Three, preferable Weighers; Two hundred and Twelve extra Weighers; Eighteen Noon Tenders; Eighty-four established and preferable Watchmen; and an indefinite Number of extra Watchmen.

In this Clals we examined Mr. Edmund Horrex, the

Senior

Fourteenth Report on Rublic Accounts.

484- 3- 4-8,311. 11. 7.

164. 3. 8.

N° 83.

84, 85. N° 86, 87.

N° 88.

£.980.----

84I. I9. I.

>49- 4-

N*8$.

27° Jamarii. 1786.

N»9o. Senior Landing Surveyor; Mr. Samuel ,the

Assistant Surveyor for the Examination of Baggage; N*9i. Mr. James Dunphey, One of the Landing Waiters; Mr.

N® 91, 93. William Parke, one of the King’s Gaugers; Mr. William

N® 94. Sims, the Clerk of the Rates; Mr.

N®95. the Senior Deputy King’s Waiter; Mr. Cornelius Floyd,

N®9<5- one of the Appointors; Mr. Stephen Thornton, one of N°97- the Weighers in Fee; and Mr. Charles Lucas, one of the preferable Weighers.

The Landing Surveyors have all the same Salary from the Crown. Thirty-five Pounds is allowed them for every Sale of condemned Goods at the Custom-house. Their Fees arise only from the Business they transact oht of Office Hours, and at the Sufferance Quays; and are allowed them as a Compensation for such extraordinary Service, under the Act of King William. Both the Allowances for the Sales, and the Fees, are divided equally among the Nine Officers. The first Six received also a Present of Spices from the East India Company, valued at Five Pounds Four Shillings: But the Company having some Time ago resolved to discontinue this Prefect to all future Officers, the Three last, having been appointed since that Resolution, did not receive the Present; which occasions the Difference in the Amount of their Fees.

The Landing Waiters and Deputy King’s Waiters are all employed indiscriminately in the same Branch of Business; the superintending the Landing of all Foreign Goods imported. The Salaries of the Landing Waiters are equal, except that the Six last, called the Additional Landing Waiters, have a lei's Salary than the others. The Fees are customary Payments, by the Merchants, upon every Species of Merchandize, according to a certain Rate agreed upon by them. The Amount of them to each depends upon the Number and Value of the Ships to which he is appointed: But as these Officers are not appointed to Ships by Rotation, but at the Election of the Commissioner whole Turn it is to appoint during the Week under certain Regulations, there arises from thence a great Difference in the Amount of the Profits of these Officers, and of the Deputy King’s Waiters, in the same Year.

The Three Gaugers have each the same Salary. For Business on the Lawful Quays he has no Fees, but Gratuities from the Merchants: For Business on the Sufferance Quays, he has Fees grounded upon Usage.

The Patent King’s Waiters are paid each the same Salary upon the Establishment. Their Fees are only those inserted in the Legal Table: They are received by the Clerk of the Rates, and divided equally among them. The Deputies have no Salaries: The Profits of their Offices arile from Fees and Gratuities similar to those of the Landing Waiters, their Business being exactly the fame.

The Appointers, and Weighers in Fee, have each the same Salary upon the Establishment. The Fees and Gratuities received by the former are equally divided between them: Those to the Weighers in Fee depend entirely upon the Courtely of the Merchant.

The Preferable Weighers have each an incidental Salary, and Pay by the Day. Some Merchants give him a Gratuity, others nothing: He claims no Fee. The Payments and Gifts usually made by the Merchants to the Officers in this Class are all inserted in N® 98. the Appendix. The Amount of their Salaries is £.19,1*1.4.8. Nineteen thousand Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, Four Shillings, and Eight Pence; of their 16,971. 6.6{. other Emoluments, Sixteen thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds, Six Shillings, and Six Pence m*i- * 7- Halfpenny; and of their Taxes, One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence.

5th. The Fifth Class, are the Officers at the Wateriide, for the Foreign Business Outwards. The principal Office in this Class is that of the Searchers, which con-fists of Two Branches; one, the Patent Searcher’s, the other, the Controlling Searcher’s.

The Officers of the First Branch are — the Chief Patent Searcher, his Deputy; Five under Patent Searchers, their Ten Deputies, Two to each; Six Clerks; and an Office-keeper.

The Officers of the Second Branch are — Ten Controlling Searchers, and a Clerk; and the Surveyor of the Searchers, and Two other Clerks.

The other Officers in this Class are — the Debenture Clerk, and Two Assistants; Four Officers for cutting off Stamps from certain Goods for Exportation; a Packer; Six Coopers and Weighers; and Four Constables.

There is also included in this Class a Searcher’s Office at Gravesend, consisting of Two Patent Searchers, with each a Deputy, and One Controlling Searcher.

Of these Officers we examined Mr. George By, Deputy Chief Searcher; Mr. Richard Devins, one of the Under Patent Searchers; Mr. Edmund Robbins, one of the Additional Deputies to the Under Patent Searchers; Mr. Robert Weston, one of the Controlling Searchers; Mr. John Delane, the Surveyor of the Searchers; Mr. John Hankins, Chief Clerk to the Patent Searchers; Mr. Richard Price Jones, the Debenture Clerk j Mr. Edward Matthews, one of the Officers for cutting off the Stamps; Mr. Nathaniel Bishop, one of the Coopers and Weighers in the Searcher’s Office; and Mr. Hemy Thames Rogers, one of the Deputy Patent Searchers at Gravesend.

All the Officers in this Class are paid Salaries by the Crown, except the Deputy to the Chief Patent Searcher, the Deputies and Clerks to the Patent Searchers, the Debenture Clerks, the Private Clerk to the Controlling Searchers, and the Office Keeper; whose Salaries are paid chiefly by their Principals. All of them, except the Surveyor of the Searchers, the Commissioners Clerk, the Chief Packer, and the Constables, receive Fees.

Those of the Patent Officers are in the ancient Table: Those of the other Officers are either customary, or gratuitous, or for extra Service; they are all in the Schedule annexed. By a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 24th of April 1695, made under the Authority given to them by the Act of King William, the Searchers are allowed to receive such moderate Recompence for their extraordinary Service and Attendance, as the’ Merchants will willingly give.

The Patent Searchers, the Deputies, and the Controlling Searchers, divide in equal Shares the Fees and Gratuities they collect in their several Departments. The Charge of this Clals to the Public is Three thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence; to the Merchants, Thirteen thousand Eight hundred and Eighty Pounds, One Shilling, and Four Pence; and the Amount of the Taxes, Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence.

6th. The Sixth Class, contains the Officers in the King’s Warehouse. These are — A Surveyor, Two Assistants, and a Clerk; Four Warehouse-keepers. One for the Crown, with a Deputy; another for the Collector Inwards, with Two Clerks; the Third for Cambricks and other Goods, with a Controller; and the Fourth for the King’s Victualling Stores; Two Appraisers, with their Two Deputies, and a Controller; an Examiner of Foreign Books; a Stamper of Italian wrought Silks; a Cooper; Eighteen Weighers; and Five Lockers.

We examined Mr. Joseph Hetherithe Surveyor;

Mr.

N®99. N® 100. N® ioi.

N® 102.

N° 103. N® 104. N*«05. N® 106. N® 107.

N® 108.

N® 109. N® 110.

" J.*75- 17- 6. *3.8*0. 1. 4. 747- *J. *.

N® m.

26 Geo. III.

2’f Januarii.

*7

N»na. Mr. Robert Trott, Deputy Warehousekeeper for the

N* 37- Crown; Mr. Thomas Warehousekeeper for

N® 113. the Collector Inwards; Mr. Richard Snow, one of the N#ii4. Deputy Apraifers; and Mr. Robert the Ware-

housekeeper for Victualling Stores.

These Officers are supported by Salaries, paid, for the mod; Part, out of Public Money; by a Poundage upon the Produce of the Enumerated Goods; and by customary Fees and Gratuities, as inserted in the N* 115. Schedule. The Amount of the Salaries and Poundage £ j»s4*. ». *. was Three thousand Five hundred and Forty-eight Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Two Pence; of the Fees 1,31s. it. 6. and Gratuities, One thousand Three hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence; *9S- »* si- apd of the Taxes, One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Five Pence Three Farthings.

7th. The Officers employed in the Coal Business, which are the Seventh Class, are — the Collector, and Two Clerks; the Controller, and One Clerk; and the Examiner.

N* 116,117. We examined Robert Weston and Hugh

Esquires, the Collector and Controller. The Three principal Officers are paid by Salaries; and the Two first of them, with their Clerks, have Fees likewise (as N*h8. stated in the Appendix) grounded upon Usage. The £ js°- Amount of the First was Five hundred and Fifty Pounds; 460. 16. 6. of the Second, Four hundred and Sixty Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence; and of the Taxes, Sixty-four 64. to Pounds, Ten Shillings.

8th. The Coast Business i9 the Duty of the Eighth Class; of which we examined Four Officers; Mr.

N® 119. George Wdstead, the Deputy under the Collector Out-N* mo. wards; Mr. John Crompton, his First Clerk; Mr. N°mi. John Garbrand Hassard, the Deputy Controller; and K® m. Mr. Edward Whitehouse, the Surveyor of the Coalt-' waiters.

The Officers that compose this Class are — the Collector, his Deputy, and Three Clerks; the Controller, and his Deputy; a Clerk of the Coast Business; the Surveyor; and Eighteen Coastwaiters. Except the Clerks under the Collector, and the Deputy Controller, who have Salaries from their Principals, all the rest are paid Salaries by the Public; but every Officer receives customary Fees, and Gratuities for extra Service,

N* m3, according to the Schedule annexed. The Expence of £.958. — — this Class to the Crown was Nine hundred and Fifty-m87 18 eight Pounds; to the Subject, Two thousand Four hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds, Eighteen Shillings,

3«. 4. — and Two Pence; and they paid for Taxes,' Thirty-six Pounds, Four Shillings.

9th. The Ninth Class of Officers, are those employed in the East India Warehouses. They are — a Surveyor; an Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods, with each an Assistant and Clerk; Two Ware-housekeepers; Two Controllers, and a Jerquer for prohibited East India Goods; Twelve other Warehouse-keepers; Four Controllers; Three Examiners; and Fifty-six Lockers.

Of these we examined Mr. William Richmond, Sur-y ,a5. veyor of these Warehouses; Mr. Thomas Collingwood,

Nhis Assistant; Mr. David Maclean, Assistant to the jt. ,a7. Inspector; Mr. James Sed one of the Warehouse-keepers for prohibited East India Goods; and Mr. K* m8. Francis Coke, their Controller.

Salaries are paid out of the Revenue to all these Officers, except to the Clerk to the Surveyor, and the Assistant and Clerk to the Inspector, and these have no other Emolument than Salaries from their Principals. Most of the others have customary Fees, and Gratuities,

H® i*9> a* inserted in the Apendix.

VIj.t The Salaries amounted to Four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and VO 1. 41.

Six Pence; the Fees and Gratuities, to Three thou- £-3.361. 9. 4. sand Three hundred and Sixty-two Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Four Pence; and the Taxes, to One >85.8. 10. hundred and Eighty-five Pounds, Eight Shilling?, and Ten Pence.

10th. The Officers employed in the Tobacco Business is a distinct Class. They are — the Register General, and Five Clerks; Two Clerks under the Collector Inwards, and Two under the Controller; an Examiner; and Sixteen other Officers and Attendants.

We examined Mr. Henry Halcomb, the Register N® 130. General, and Mr. Charles Thredder, one of the Clerks n® i3i. for the Inland Tobacco Branch under the Collector Inwards.

Every one of these Officers has a Salary from the Public. The Clerks to the Collector and Controller, and the Lockers, with their Superintendent, have Fees and Gratuities allb, as in the Schedule. Their Sala- n® 133.

ries amounted to One thousand Eight hundred and ___________________

Ninety-two Pounds; their Fees and Gratuities, to Two 205. ,9. _ hundred and Nine Pounds, Nineteen Shillings; and their Taxes, to One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, 19 ’ 1+- 4‘ Fourteen Shillings, and Four Pence.

nth. Mr. John Sherlock, the Surveyor of the Land N® 133. Carriage Officers, gave us Information relative to the Land Guard; which consists of himself, Seventeen Land Carriage Officers, and Three Riding Officers. The only Payments to all these Officers are Salaries out of the Revenue; the Amount of them was Eight hundred £.*10. ——

and Ten founds; and of their Taxes, Two Pounds * w. — Ten Shillings.

12th. The Water Guard, being the Twelfth Class, is composed of a Surveyor for building Sloops and Boats, and Two Clerks; a Surveyor for the Act of Navigation, and One Clerk; Four Inspectors of the River; Eight established Tide Surveyors; Nine Tide-waiters acting as Surveyors; Six Local Surveyors; Two Registers, and a Clerk; Seventy-two established Tide-waiters on the superior Lift, One hundred and Twenty on the inferior Lift, Three hundred and Fifty-six preferable; Fifty-six established Watermen, Ninety-seven preferable; and an indefinite Number of extra, both Tidewaiters and Watermen.

Of the Officers in this Class, we examined Mr. Samuel n® 134. Brown, the Surveyor for building Sloops; Mr. John N®i35. Jarratt, the Surveyor for the Act of Navigation; Mr. n® 136. Robert Weskett, one of the River Inspectors; Mr. Mat- v ,37-thew Popplewell, the Senior Tide Surveyor; Mr. Richard i;j8 Burr, one of the Tidewaiters acting as Surveyor; and Mr. Benjamine Otbie, one of the established Tidewaiters *39' in the superior Lift.

All the Officers and Assistants in this Class (except Three of the Clerks whose Salaries are paid by their Principals) receive Salaries or Pay from the Crown, and many of them Fees and Gratuities, as in the Schedule. The Salaries and Pay amounted to Thirty- N® 140. five thousand Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds, Four 35.911. 4. Shillings; their Fees and Gratuities, to One thousand 1,321.149. Three hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Nine Pence; and the Taxes, to One 157 16.«. hundred and Fifty-leven Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Two Pence.

13th. The last Class in this Lift contains the Of- N° 141. ficers for the Four and Half per Cent. Duty. We examined one of them, Mr. William Lawless, Clerk N® 141. to the Husband. This Duty, though col left ed in the Office of the Customs, does not belong to the Public, nor are the Charges of conducting it paid out of a public Fund; except in Two Instances; the Warehousekeeper has a Salary of Thirty-six Pounds, Four £. 36. 4 Shillings, and the Lockers, Seventy-two Pounds, Eight 71 *-

F Shillings,

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

C *.

108. ia, — — iS. I*

110,763. 9. 3J.

64*079. %. — 9>^74* t3. 10.

100,888. 15. 5j.

*64*968. 3. 6J.

,18 " vf Jamafii. A. tj86.

Shillings, paid to them out of the Revenue of the Customs.

We have given the State of this Department, as returned to us by the Board of Customs, and have added One hundred and Eight Pounds, Twelve Shillings, to the Charges upon the Revenue, and Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence to the Amount of the Taxes.

It appears from this Inquiry, that in the Year 1784, One thousand Six hundred and Six Officers, Clerks, and Assistants, with an indefinite Number of inferior Attendants, were employed in the Management of the Revenue of the Customs, at the Expence to the Public, in Salaries and Allowances, of One hundred and Ten thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Three Pence Three Farthings; and to the Subject, in Fees and Gratuities, of Sixty-four thousand and Seventy-nine Pounds, Eight Shillings, and One Halfpenny: That the Payment back to the Public, in Taxes, was Nine thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-four Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Ten Pence; which, being deducted from the Amount of the Salaries and Allowances, leaves a real Charge upon the Public of One Hundred thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and Five Pence Three Farthings: This being added to the Amount of the Fees and Gratuities, gives One hundred and Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six Pence Farthing, the total Expence incurred by the Public and Subjects on Account of the Officers of this Revenue, in the Office of the Customs and Port of London.

One of the Objefits proposed by the Act that directs our Conduct, is, " that a lese expensive Method of " collecting the Duties and Taxes may from henceforth " be established and, to that End, we are enjoined " to report what Defeats we have observed, during the " Course of our Examinations and Proceedings, in the " present Mode of collecting the Public Monies; and " to report such Regulations as, in our Judgment, " shall appear fit ana expedient to be established, in " order that the Duties raised for the Public Service " may hereafter be received in the Manner the most " advantageous to the Public."

In an Office that embraces so many Objects; that employs such a Number of Officers, in Districts so many and so remote from each other; that has undergone no Revision, that we can discover, fmce its Institotion; it may reasonably be expeCbed that such an Office will afford much Matter for Regulation.

What has occurred to us in the Course of this Inquiry is grounded upon Principles tew and simple, and has for its Object, that which the Act points out to us, Frugality in the Collection and Management of the Revenue; an Object it is the Part of Wisdom at all times to attend to; but, in the present Condition of the Finances of this Country, it is so intimately connected with the Justice, Honour, and Well-being of the State, that to neglect it is to draw into Peril the Public Character and Safety.

The Regulations in the Management of the Revenue of the Customs, which it is our Duty to suggest to the Wisdom of the Legislature, rest upon these Principles First, No Office should be holden but by legal Tenure; — Secondly, Every Office should have an ufefol Duty annexed to it; — Thirdly, Every Officer should execute, himself, the Duty of his Office; — Fourthly, Office's where the Duty is of the same Kind, should be consolidated.

Some of the Offices of the Customs have been the Subjecfc of many ACks of Parliament.

By the Act of the 14th of Richard the Second, Chapter the 10th, for the Relief of the coaonxm Profit of the Realm, it is ordained, " that, so Cuf-

" tomer, Controller, Searcher, Weigher, or Finder,

" have any such Office for Term of Life or of Years,

" but only so long as shall please the King, notwithstanding any Patent or Grant made to any to the " contrary." — The 17th of the same King, Chapter the 5th, ordains, " that (among other Officers) no " Searcher, Collector, or 'Controller of the Customs,

" shall have Estate in his Office for Term of Life or " Years; and if any Letters Patents be made to the " contrary, they shall be clearly amralled and void." —

The ill of Henry the Fourth, Chapter the 13th, enjoins, " that this last Statute be firmly bolden and " kept, and put in due Execution;" with this Addition, " that Customers and Controllers, in every Port of England, shall be resident upon their Offices in their proper Persons, without making any <e Deputy." — The 4th of Henry the Fourth, Chapter " the 20th, confirms the last Statute, and directs that the Customets and Controllers shall be sworn to observe the fame. — The 13th of Henry the Fourth, Chapter the 5th, confirms both the preceding Acts, and adds, " that all Customers, Controllers, Gaugers *( of Wine, and Searchers, shall he continually refi- dent and abiding upon their Offices, so that no " such Officer be absent from his Office by Three

Weeks at the most, upon Pain to lose his Office,

" unless he be in the Kings Service of Record." —

By the 31st of Henry the Sixth, Chapter the 5th, it is enacted, " that all Letters Patent made of the Officers of Searcher, Collector of Customs, or Controller,

" against the Effect of the preceding Statutes, shall be " void."

By the Lifts returned to us from the Office of the N* 8, Customs, and from the Treasury, it appears, that in the Port of Landon the Offices of Collector Inwards, Collector Outwards, Controller Inwards and Outwards, Controller of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards, and Controller General, are holden by Letters Patent for Term of Life or Lives, expressly contrary to the Acts above mentioned: And, from the Evidence before us, it appears, that -the same Offices (except that of the Controller General) together with the Offices of Controller of Great Customs on Wool and Leather, Chief Patent Searcher, Four of the Under Patent Searchers, and the Two Patent Searchers at Gravesend, are Sinecures; and that these Officers have not been resident upon their Offices, pursuant to the Injunctions of the same Statutes. How far these Letters Patent for Life are by feme of these Statutes liable to be vacated for Defect of Power to grant, or how far the Sinecure Offices are by others of them liable to Forfeiture for Non-residence, we are. not competent to decide: But, whatever may be the

Operation of the Statutes, there are Circumstances within our Cognizance, attending these and many other of the Offices of the Customs, on which we are warranted to ground an Opinion, that they ought many of them to be suppressed, and others to undergo material Alterations.

The Offices we allude to are either entire Departments, including Principals, Deputies, and Clerks; or, the Office of die Principal only. They may be distinguished under Three Classes: — First, where the Buli-nefe tran&Cted in the Office is useless; — Second, where the Business is useful, but the Officer becomes ufriels by converting his Office into a Sinecure; — Third, where the Business is useful, and executed by the Officer, but properly belongs to, and should be united with, the Duty of some other Office.

In the First Clafe, the whole Office should be abo-liftied, as a ufelcfe Expence to the Public. In the Second Clafe, the Office wmft remain, and the Sinecure only be suppressed, by vacating foe appointment of the Officer, he having rendered himself a ufelefe Member of that Department. In the Third Clafe, the Offices should be coafofeteted, or One of 8 them

2$ Geo. Ill. 270 yaMHafit. 19

them foppressed as being fupeiftuGus, and the Duty transferred to, or incorporated with, the Doty of the cfthet\

In-our Examination of the Officers, with a View to these iterations, we have porfued the Order in which N° 6. they are arranged in the Account traasmitted to us from the Office of the Customs.

The Offices of the First Class, where the Duty annexed to them ie ufelefe, are — the Inspector of Prosecutiona — the Register of Seizures- — the Inspector and Examiner of Exchequer Books in the Out Ports — the Surveyor General — -the Surveyor of Sufefidiee and Petty Customs in Ihe Port of and, the Register of

Warrants.

We received Information relative to feme of these N°Offices, in Addition to their former Examinations, from N* *43* Mr. John Bastin, the First 'Clerk, in the Office of the Accountant of Petty Receipts; Mr. Stephenson, First Clerk in the Inward Department of the Sur-N° 144. veyor of the Customs; and Mr. Peregrine Sims, the Deputy Surveyor General Inwards.

The Office of Inspector of Prosecutions was insti-N° >45* tufted in the Year 1686, for the Purpose '"of taking " Care that Informations concerning uncuftoened " and prohibited Goods might be effectually prosecuted, " and that the Fines and Revenues be duly brought " to the King’s Account." At that Time common Informers might inftkuite and carry on Prosecutions for Breaches of the Laws of the Customs, without the Intervention or Knowledge of the Board of Customs, and therefore such an Officer might then be of some Use: but fine© the Act Of the 12th of George the First, Chapter the 28th, confined this Power t» His Majesty’s Attorney General and the Officers of this Revenue, the Board of Customs are privy to all legal Proceedings on these Statutes. An Account of the Shares of the Crown, arising from Seizures in the Hands of the Receivers for London and the Out Ports, is laid regularly before the Board; they order the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Tallies are produced to the Accountant of Petty Receipts. The Sums due to the Crown, recovered by the Solicitors, are paid by them into the Exchequer, either by Order of the Board, or of Course; their Accounts are laid before the Board, and they produce the Tallies to the Auditor of their Accounts. The Inspector of Prr/ecu-tions receives no Information relative to these Shares but from some Office in the Customs. He is indebted for all his Entries to the Register of Seizures, the Books of the Solicitors, the Certificate of the Accountant of Petty Receipts, or the Minutes of the Board. Since then the Board of Customs either have, or may have, full Knowledge, in every Cafe, both of the Shares of the Crown, and of the Sums paid under that Denomination into the Exchequer, any further Check upon these Payments seems to be utterly unnecessary; and heavy has been, and ftiil is, the Expence to- the Public for this useless Office. By a N* 146. Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 4th of August 1687, it appears that this was not intended at first to be an established Office. The Compensation allowed the Officer was a Poundage of Twelve Pence upon the Sum paid into the Exchequer. This Poundage has fuelled to a very considerable Magnitude; the Average Annual Amount for Ten Years, ending with the N* 147. Year 1781, appears, from, an Account of the Net Sums received Annually by the Inspector of Prode-£ 3/76- >3 3i- cutions, to have been Three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Three Pence Halfpenny. The Shares of the Crown being diverted by an Act of that Year, from the Exchequer to the Payment of the Charges of Management in the Office of the Customs, and the Profits of this Office being consequently diminished, this Officer obtained, K* 148. by his Memorial to the Treasury last Year, a Warrant

Vol. 41.

for the Payment -of such an Addition to die Produce n* of <the Poundage as would make up the Gross Profit of his Office Two thousand Pounds a Year, for himself, £ Deputy, and Clerks, until such Time as the Merits of his same ihoukl be fully submitted to the Confide ration of Parliament.

The Register of Seizures registers the Indenture of Appraisement; and, having compared this Entry with the Writ of Delivery, he annexes to the Writ a Certificate that the Goods inserted therein agree with those in the Indenture. A Copy of this Register it font every Year to the Board of Treasury, and Abstracts to the Barons of His Majesty’s Exchequer. As the Indenture of Appraisement is made out by the Ware-housekeeper, and the Writ of Delivery, which pursues the Indenture, and issuea out of the Court of Exchequer after Condemnation of the Goods, is executed by the same Officer, jointly with other Officers, there does not seem to be any necessity for the Intervention of a Third Officer, to see that those Two Iuftra-raents agree; and whatever Information may be requisite, for the Beard of Treasury or the Barons of the Exchequer, may be easily procured from the Office of the Warehousekeeper.

The Office of Inspector and Examiner of the Exchequer Books in the Out Ports, is merely nominal:

It has neither Deputy nor Clerk: No Duty is annexed to it: No BufmeTs whatever transufted, in it.

It is a Sinecure of Necessity j but die Officer has a Salary of Three hundred Pounds a Year. joo.

A Controul upon every Officer who receives and pays, is an essential Part of the Confutation of an Office of Revenue; but this has its Bounds: The Checks upon the same Sabjeft may be too numerous:

The Security is weakened w'bere the Number appointed to the same Duty is so great, that each being tempted to rely upon the Diligence of the rest, neglects his own Duty, or borrows from the Ihdustry of his Coadjutors.

The Duties Inwards are computed, and the Accounts of them kept, by Six different Officers. Four of them, the Controller, Surveyor General, Surveyor, and Examiner, are Checks upon the Collectof: The Clerk of the Rates is his Assistant. Three of them, the Controller, Surveyor General, and Surveyor, are also Checks upon, and keep the same Accounts of the Duties Outwards with, the Collector Outwards.

The Import into the Port of London is the most productive Source of the Revenue of the Custotos;

The Objects are numerous; the Computation is difficult and the Business continual: So that tire Controller, who is the proper Check upon the Collector, is alone not sufficient; but, with the Assistance of the Two efficient Officers, the Clerk of the Rates and the Examiner, the Collector may rest secure in the Accuracy of his Computation end Receipt, if he finds, upon comparing them, the Accounts of those Three Officers agree with his own.

The Duties Outwards are lb inconsiderable, that a Angle Check upon the Collection, that of the Controller only, seems folly sufficient: Should another be thought requisite, the Copying Clerk, who attends the Checks to compare the Description of the Goods upon his BHi with the like Description upon the Warrant, may be directed to compote and font up the Duties likewise. Should this, though reduced in Number, be deemed a sufficient Guard upon the Collection of these Two Branches of the Revenue, the Offices of Surveyor General, and Surveyor (the Principals of which are Sinecures) with their Deputies and Clerks, will become useless, and may be foppressed; no other Bofmefs being transacted in either of these Offices, than what is transacted in the Offices of the remaining Checks: And, should the Legislature judge it

coufiltent

20

17° Januarii. 17

Fourteenth confident with their Wisdom to adopt that Measure, Report so important in its Consequences, the Consolidation Account*. Custoro Duties, the Reason for reducing the

Number of Checks will become still stronger, as the Difficulties of the Computation will be removed, the Number of Entries upon every Bill, and in every Book, reduced, and the Labour of every Officer greatly diminished.

The Reader of Warrants enters in a Book Copies of all the Entries Inwards in the Port of London, and fends it to the Exchequer. The Collector Inwards, and all the other Patent Officers concerned in that Collection, are equally obliged to send to the Exchequer their Port Books, which contain the very same Entries. If there is any Necessity, therefore, for this Service, it is sufficiently performed without the AQiftance of the Register of Warrants.

To Five of these Offices feme Duty appears to be annexed; but it is a Duty, from the Performance of which the Public receive no Benefit The Revenue will be conduced with equal Accuracy and Security if they do not exist; and, on the contrary, by the Suppression of them, and of that of the Inspector and Examiner of the Exchequer Books in the Out Ports, to which no Duty is annexed, the Expence of supporting Six Sinecure Offices, Five of them held by Patent, and One by Constitution, will be saved to the Public; and to the Merchant, the Fees he now pays to the Deputies and Clerks of feme of them.

The Transmission of Port Books to the Exchequer being mentioned in several of the Examinations, as the Duty of many Officers of the Customs, both in London and the Out Ports, we were led to enquire into the Origin, Ground, and PraCfcice of this Duty.

By the Rules and' Orders issued under the Great Seal, in the 7th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Court of Exchequer is directed to fend, every Hilary and Trinity Term, to the Patent Officers therein named, in the Port of London and the Out Ports, Parchment Books under the Exchequer Seal, into which were to be entered all Goods and Merchandize imported, exported, and carried Coastwise. These Books are to be returned, in Michaelmas and Easter Terms every Year, into the Exchequer, under the Signature and upon the Oath of the Officer; and the Ground of this Order is expressed to be, " that the " Truth of all Entries might appear, and remain of " Record."

Mr. Edward Taylor, One of the Sworn Clerks in the Office of the Remembrancer in the Court of Ex-N° 150. chequer, and Clerk of the Coast Bonds, informed us, that these blank Books continue to be issued from that Office, Once in every Year to the Officers in the Port of London, and Twice a Year to Officers at the

Out Ports: And, by Lifts transmitted to us from that Office, containing the Officers to whom these Books were sent, and the Number sent to each, it appears, that at Christmas 1784, Forty-four of these Books, containing together Nine thousand Two hundred and Twenty-two Leaves, were sent to the Officers in the Port of London; and Two hundred and Eighty-one, containing Four thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Leaves, to the Officers at the Out Ports; and at Midsummer 1784, Seventy more, containing Eight hundred and Sixty-two Leaves, to Officers at the Out Ports; together, Three hundred and Ninety-five Books, of Fourteen thousand Nine hundred and Forty-eight Leaves.

Though the Court of Exchequer continue to yield Obedience to these ancient Orders, as far as relates to themselves, yet the Officers of the Ports do not fulfil their Part of this Service. The Returns' of these

Books into the Court of Exchequer are very irregular.

During the last Twenty-five Years some of the Ports have made no Returns at all; none of them have made all their Returns. In some of the Years no Return has been made from any Port: Few have been-the Returns in any Year: And of those Books which have been returned, no Use whatever has been made, that we can discover.

In an Account, procured by us from the Office of n* 15.. the Kings Remembrancer, it appears, that during Ten Years, ending with the Year 1784, Two hundred and Seventy-three only of these Books were returned into the Exchequer; a much smaller Number than is sent out from thence every Year. Of Seventy-four Ports to which Books were issued, Nine only made any Returns; and of these Nine, Seven made but One Return; and in Two of the Years no Return was made by any of them.

If these Port Books are of Use, the Orders of Queen Elizabeth ought to be enforced, and the Officers compelled to do their Duty. If they are ufelefe (as they seem to be) a Stop should be put to this expensive and unprofitable issue from the Exchequer.

Whatever Reason there might be for these Orders in the Year 1565, we are at a Lois to discover the Utility of them under the present System of the Customs.-The Entries in them are Copies of the Bills, Warrants, or other Instruments; all of which are entered in similar Books at the several Ports. Many of them contain exactly the same Entries: Their only Difference is, they are returned by different Officers. None of them contain an Article that is not to be found in feme one or more of the Official Books of the Customs. The Account they give of the Duties is trifling: Of the Sixty-eight Branches, One only, that of Customs, is inserted in them. When Information is wanted, Recourse is not had to the Port Books in the Exchequer, but to the Official Books in the proper Offices in the Customs, which fumi(h all that can be required relative to every Branch and Article of this Revenue.

By Two Accounts transmitted to us, one from the N° 15a. Office of the King's Remembrancer, the other from N° 153. the Exchequer, it appears, that the Sums allowed to that Officer for these Parchment Books, in the Year 1784, were Four hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds, £.417- s. 10. Eight Shillings, and Ten Pence; and Fifty-four J4- 2 *

Pounds, Two Shillings, and Four Pence; together,

Four hundred and Ninety-one Pounds, Eleven Shil- 4#*- »« *

lings, and Two Pence; and to Messengers in the

Court of Exchequer, for the Delivery of them to

the Officers at the Ports, Two hundred and Sixty &>.

Pounds.

Seven hundred and Fifty-one Pounds, Eleven Shil- 751. n. lings, and Two Pence, is too considerable a Sum of Public Money to be wasted every Year, without any Advantage whatever to the Public arising from it.

The Offices of the Second Class, which are converted into Sinecures, are — the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments; the Register General of all Trading Ships belonging to Great Britain; the Inspector General of Imports and Exports; the Controller Inwards and Outwards; the Collector Inwards; the Collector Outwards; the Usher in the Long Room; Nineteen King’s Waiters; the Chief Patent Searcher; Five Under Patent Searchers; and Two Patent Searchers at Gravesend;One of which r, Offices is granted to Two Persons jointly.

Every one of these Thirty-four Offices (except the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, and the Inspector General of Imports and Exports, which are holden by Constitution) are granted by Letters Patent; and there is but One of the Officers who does any Duty; that is, One of the

under

<2,6 Geo. III. 27° Januarii. 21

Under Patent Searchers; he executes the Office himself, but not as Patentee; for he holds the Patent in Trust for another; he acts as Deputy, and is allowed for the Execution the Salary and Profits of a Deputy only.

In these Offices the Emoluments are separated from the Execution. One Person receives a large Portion of the Profits without doing any Duty at all. Another does all the Duty, with but a scanty Share of the Profits. It is manifest, One Officer is fully sufficient for the Employment; for One only executes it. The Appointment, therefore, upon whatever Authority it may be grounded, should be made void, as being rendered of no Uses and the regulated Profits annexed to the Execution.

The Third Class of Offices are those where the Similitude of the Duty requires either their Consolidation, or the Suppression of one of them, and the Transfer of the Duty to the other.

The Rules of Simplicity and Uniformity require, that in every Office the Business should be so arranged, that all the Branches of that Business, which are of the same or a limilar Kind, should, as far as is practicable, be transa&ed in One Department only of that Office.

It may be, and frequently is, necessary that Accounts of the different Branches of the same Kind of Business should be kept distinct; and this may be easily effected, without creating Confusion, by allotting such particular Branches to distinfit Divisions in the same Department.

In every Office of Revenue there should be but One Treasury; in which the whole Produce should be deposited, and from whence every Payment to which that Revenue is subject should issue. In Proportion to the Multiplicity of Treasuries, the Accounts become complicate, the Passage into the Exchequer the more liable to Delay, the Danger of Loss encreased, and a Knowledge of the complete State of the Revenue the more difficult to be obtained.

There are in the Customs, besides the principal Treasury, which is the Office of the Receiver General, several inferior Treasuries, all independant of each other. Three of the Solicitors, and the Two Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures for London and the Out Ports, receive Sums arising from Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, and the Produce of Seizures, out of which they make Variety of Payments; and such Portions of the Shares of the Crown as are intended for the Exchequer, they pay in, without the Intervention of the Receiver General, either of Course, or pursuant to their Instructions or the Orders of the Board of Customs.

We are of Opinion, that all these inferior Treasuries should be abolished; — that the Solicitors should pay all the Sums they recover of Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, and the Warehousekeeper in London all Sums he receives arising from the Produce of Sales, with all convenient Speed, into the Office of the Receiver General; and that all Remittances from the Out Ports, of Sums arising from the same Sources, be made to him; — that all Divisions of these Sums, whether to be paid into the Exchequer as Shares of the Crown, or applicable to any other Services, be paid by him in like Manner as he makes his other Payments.

By thus transferring the Business of these inferior Treasuries to that great and principal Department of Receipt, the Office of the Receiver General, the great Branches of Receipt and Payment in this Revenue will be uniformly transa&ed in One Department only, and the Two Offices of the Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures, for London and the Out Ports, will become unnecessary; the Controul upon the Remittances of the Sums produced by the same Branches of Vol. 41.

Revenue from the Out Ports, will be transferred to the Office of the Controller General; and the Office of Controller of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports will become useless: And these Three Offices may be suppressed. The Receiver General will pass his Accounts of these Branches in the same Office in which he pafies the rest of his Accounts; and, consequently, the principal Employment of the Accountant of Petty Receipts, that of passing the Accounts of the Two Receivers for London and the Out Ports, will be at an End, and that Office, at the Head of which presides an Officer with large Emolument, and with little Business, may be reduced. The Revenue has been in Danger of Losses, in Two recent Instances, from Receivers of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports. From the State of the Demands of the Public upon those Two Officers, procured by us from the Office of the Customs, it appears, that a considerable Part of the Public Money remitted to them, and converted to their own Use, had not been recovered to the Use of the Public.

The Quarterly Accounts from the Out Ports are of Two Kinds: First, the Quarter Books, which contain the Receipts of the Duties and the Payments upon Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills: Second, The Accounts of the Payments for Salaries and Incidents.

The Collector and Controller, and fomelimes the Customer, each fends up to the Board of Customs a similar Quarter Book: That of the Collector is examined with the Vouchers by the Examiner, it) compared with that of the Controller by the Surveyor of the Out Port Accounts, and delivered to the Controller General. The Vouchers are sent to the Inspector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts and Vouchers, and, after being entered in the Office, are delivered by him to the Controller General. The other Two Quarter Books are deposited with the Surveyor.

The Account of Payments of Salaries and Incidents, sworn to by the Collector before the Controller, and signed by both, is sent with the Vouchers to the Inspector, who, after Examination and Entry of the Vouchers, delivers them, with the Accounts, to the Controller General.

Thus there are Six Officers, the Surveyor, Inspec-for, and Four Examiners, whose Business it is to examine Accounts which are to be sworn to and passed by another Officer, the Controller General. It should seem as if the Examination of Accounts properly belonged to the Officer who passes them; and the Probability is, that where he swears to the Truth of them, his Examination will be sufficiently accurate, especially if, neither receiving nor paying one Article of the Account, he can have no Interest in any Error: And, therefore, we are of Opinion, that the Offices of Surveyor and InspeCfor, both Sinecures, and of the Four Examiners, should be suppressed; — that the Quarter Books, and Accounts of Payments of the Collectors and Controllers, should be transmitted, with the Vouchers, to the Office of the Controller General; — and that the Companion of these Books, and the Examination of the Accounts, be transferred to, and transa&ed in, feme Branch of that Department. It is not our Intention to increase the Business of any Office to an unreasonable Degree, or to subject the Officer to a Responsibility incompatible with the Nature of his Office. The Business of the Controller General is at present very laborious and extensive; and, relying upon the Accuracy of the Examiner, he is not now answerable for the Truth of the Computation of the Duties in the Quarter Books.

The Addition, therefore, here suggested, may, under. the present Circumstances, throw too great a Load upon him; but such will be the Relief to this

G Office

Fourteenth Report on i’ublic Account*.

N’154. N* 155-

Fourteenth

Report on Public Accounts.

*156.

11 27? Jmuflru- 4-1786.

Office from a Consolidation of the Duties, that tfee Increase of Business by the Addition of these neyp Branches, will probably not exceed the Piniinu^iqn arising from the jConsolidation; and if the Coim putation of the Duties should then be too laborious, though the Examination fhoqld be franfafted in a Division of his Department, the Responsibility may still rest with the Officer who discharges the Duty.

The Officers employed in the Collection of the Duties should not be multiplied uunecessarily, and every Duty of the same Kind should be collected by the same Officer. There are Three obvious Distinctions in the Duties — the Import — the Export — and, the Coastwise Duty; and accordingly each has a dif-tintt Collector. As these Three Divisions comprehend all the Duties, they should all be collected by these Three Officers, each receiving what belongs to his Division: But this Rule is not adhered to There are Three more Customers or Collectors, separate and independant of the others — the Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs Outwards — the Collector of Petty Customs Inwards — and, the Collector of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather exported, or, as he is also stiled, the Customer of the Great Customs Outwards.

The only Business of the Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs Outwards, is to collect the Duties on white Woollen Cloths exported, which amount to a Trifle (as appears from an Account of the Net Produce of those Duties for the last Ten Years) and to receive a Fee from an Alien Exporter (though the Alien Duty is abolished) to be divided between himself, the Controller, the Surveyor General, and Surveyor. The Collection of this Duty properly belongs, and should be transferred, to the Collector Outwards; and this Office, though inconsiderable, should be discontinued.

The Office of Petty Customer Inwards exists for the Purpose, not of collecting the Alien Duty Inwards, as the Title imports (for that is done by the Collector Inwards) but of ligning the Warrant and Bill of Sight, where the Entry is on an Alien Account, entering a Copy of the Warrant in a Book, and returning that Book to the Exchequer.

As the Duty is paid to the Collector Inwards, the Warrant, and Bill of Sight, undergo all the Formalities, Checks, and Signatures, with the like Warrants and Bills in that Office; and the Signature of this Officer is utterly useless, unless for the Alien’s Fee attending it: And should the Return of the Port Books into the Exchequer be considered, contrary to our Opinion, to be of Use, the Returns of all the other Patent Officers Inwards, of the same Books, will render the Return of this Officer superfluous.

The Business of the Collector of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather exported, consists of Two Articles — the Collection of the Duty on Leather exported — and, the Carriage of Wool and Leather Coastwise. Both these belong clearly to the Collector Outwards: The Duty on Leather, to that Branch called the Cocket Office; and the Carriage of Wool and Leather, to the other Branch, the Coast Office: And therefore the Management of these Two Articles should form a Part of the Duty of that Collector, and the Office of Collector of the Great Customs Outwards bp abolished.

In consequence of these Regulatiops in the Collection, the Controul upon every Article will pass to the Office of the Controller Inwards and Outwards; and the Offices of the Three Collectors or Customers, and Two Controllers, the one of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards, the other of the Great Customs Outwards, all holden by Letters Patent, and Four of them Sinecures, with, Four Deputies, may be suppressed.

That the Jfyblic njpy foe eppbjed tp forpi same Judgipent whpf Sqm will be favqd to the Revenue by the Abolition and Cqpfopdption of these Offices, we have extracted from the Account of the Officers, and annexed in the Appendix, an Account of the Safer ries and Allowances paid by the Crown, apd of the Feps and Gratuities paid by the Subject, to every one of these Officers ip ffie Year 1784, and of the Taxes paid back by them to the Revenue: From whence it appears, that in the First Class, the Amopnt of die Expence to the Crowp was Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-four Pounds, Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing; fq the Subject, Three thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence; and of their Taxes, Six hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, Six Shillings: In the Second Class, to the Crown, Four thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight Pence; to the Subject, Thirteen thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Eleven Pence; and of their Taxes, Ques thousand fiye hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Twelve Shillings: In the Third Class, to the Crown, Two thousand Five hundred and Two Pounds, Eighteen Shillings; to the Subject, Eight hundred and Fifty-two Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Three Pence; and of their Taxes, Four hundred and Forty-five Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Four Pence: And confe-

questly, taking the Classes together, and deducting Two thousand Seven hundred Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Four Pence, the Total of the Taxes, frqtp Ten thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds, One Shilling, and Five Pepcq Farthing, the Total of the Salaries and Allowances, ffie Public contributed Eight thousand Two hundred apd Gne Pounds, Ten Shillings, and One Peony Farthing j and the Subject, Eighteen thousand Five hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Three Shillings, and Eight Pence; together, Twenty-six thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Nine Pence Farthing, in supporting Sixty-one Offices, qfeless both to the Public and Subject.

We do not mean, that, by the Abolition apd Con-solidation of these Offices, the Whole of the Expence attending them will be save^ to the Nation. Such of them as remain, whether as separate Offices, or united to others, must be supported; and the Expence of that Support will be a Deduction from the Charge above stated. What that Expence may amount to capnot be ascertained; but it will occasion no very considerable Deduction, should a more liberal Measure of Payment be adopted, than that which, from the Allowances stated to have been made to Deputies and Clerks, for the Execution of the Duty, appears to have been pursued ip these Sinecure Offices.

It is probable, that, among such a Number as are returned to us existing in the Customs, there are many of the inferior Offices to which these Regulations may, with equal Propriety, be extended. Had we dqfcended to an Inquiry minute and particular enough to have enabled us to form a Judgment upon them, if would have engaged too much of our Time: Enough has already been consumed in the Labour of Inyeftiga-tion, to the Extent we have proceeded, though confined to the Office of the Customs, and Port or London only.

In feme of these inferior Offices the Duty does not seem to be of Consequence enough to warrant, the Continuance of them. For Instance, there are Sixteen Land Carriage Officers, at a Salary of Thirty-five Pounds a Year each, and a Surveyor, at a Salary of Sixty Pounds. Their Business is to attend at Inns in London and Westminster, in search of Goods, either prohibited or without Permit or Certificate.

They can hardly aft, with Safety to themselves, unless upon good Information; and upon such a

Ground

N° 157-

£ * 3,624. 16. 9$.

3,743. 18. 6. 666. 6. — 4,774* *

13,921. 17- *

1,588. 12. —

2,502. l8. -

852. 7- 3-445* x3* 4-

2,700. 1 x. 10,902. 1. $1-

1,201. xo. x{-

*8,51*- 3*

26,7 »9 >» 9*-

06 Geo. III. 87® $tmaam

Ground any other Officer of the Customs may proceed equally with the Land Carriage Officer. Their Number is certainly greater than is wanted; for Three of them are otherwise employed, and execute no Part of this Duty. The Board of Customs know the Business transeaed by theft, and other Officers of the like Deftription; and are the belt Judges whether the Revenue derives from their Services a Benefit equal to the Expence of supporting the m. Where the Office is in their own Appointment, they can regulate or suppress it: where it is in the Appointment of the Treasury, they can represent

We have rested our Opinion for the Suppression of these Offices in the Cestoms, as well as of those in other Departments of the Revenue which have been before under our Confederation, upon the firm Ground of their Inutility, and the urgent Necessity of applying every unnecessary and luperfluous Expence to that most important of National Objects, the Accumulation of a Fund for the Reduction of the Public Debt.

We are aware of the Consequence some of theft Officers derive from the Power by which they are granted, and the Extent of the Interest. A Freehold, held under the Grant of the Crown, is a solemn Right, to be treated with Respefit, Delicacy, and Caution; but if the Subject of that Grant be a Public Office, and a Stipend be annexed to it, payable out of the Revenue of the Public; if rendering a Service useful to the State, as the Consideration for the Stipend, be of the Essence of such an Office (a Principle we have endeavoured to establish in our Eleventh Report, and from which we fee no Reason to depart) where the Utility of the Service is either wanting at the Time of the Grant, or in Process of Time ceases to exist, the Grant either had not at first, or has loft, the Quality essential to its Support; and no Power of the Grantor, no Condition of the Grantee, or Duration of the Interest, can supply the Defect: It cannot be supported in the Shape of an Office; for it has not the Character that distinguishes an Office from an Annuity or a Pension.

The Wisdom of our Ancestors declared the Freehold to be void in its Creation; and the Office, turned into a Sinecure, to be forfeited. The present Age has the strong Pleas of Necessity and Justice, to demand, that such Portions of their Revenue as have been applied to the Support of such Offices, lltould be hereafter dedicated to the Service of the Public.

We are sensible that the Persons in Possession of the Offices we have represented as deleft, may be entitled from Merit, either of their own, or derived from

their Ancestors, to a Recompence from the Public, equal both in Value end Duration to the full Emoluments of their Offices.

We do not call in Question the Amplitude of the Reward, nor impeach their Title to it: We can judge of neither. But we are of Opinion, that the Mode of Reward, by either creating or continuing, for that Purpose, a ufeleft Office, is calculated to mislead the Public; who conceive, that by a continual Exertion of the Labour and Abilities of the Officer in their Service, they are receiving back an Equivalent for the Emoluments they allow him. It tends to entail a perpetual Incumbrance upon the Revenue;^ for a Subject will be for ever found to fill the Office, though no' one should be found to deservek: And should the Suppression of these Offices be deemed a Measure expedient to be adopted, the Substitution of a Payment or Allowance, as a Cornpen-fation for the Claim of each meritorious Officer, may easily be provided.

It is no Mark of Wisdom, even in an opulent Nation, to laviffi the Public Treasure in Expences unprofitable to the State: But where the Subject is grievously oppressed by the Burthen of an enormous Debt, the Reduction of which is essential to the Justice, the Credit, and Security of the State, and that Reduction cannot without Difficulty be accomplished, even by the united Exertions of Wisdom and Oeconomy; in a Nation under such Circumstances, a Duty presses, both upon the Government and Subject, of no common Obligation. The one is bound, in the Administration of the Revenue, to cut off every unnecessary and redundant Expence; to iuppreft every ufeleft and superfluous Office; to correct every Abuse in the Publick Receipt and Expenditure; and religiously to apply to the Service of the State the Produce of every Branch of the Revenue. The Subject is bound, chearfully and liberally, every one in Proportion to the Extent of his Abilities, to contribute, without Evasion, his Share to the Support, Defence, and Security of the State, and to the Relief of the Necessities of his Country.

Office of Accounts, A. (t.s.)

Surrey Street, Neave, (l.s.) 30th December 1785. Sant (l.s.)

Geo. Drummond, (i-s.) JViir Roe. (l.s.)

Vol. 41.

APPENDIX,

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fourteenth Report on Public Account*.

24

2 70 Januarii.

A. 1786.

APPENDIX, N*i.

A STATE of the Cash Account of William Mellish, Esquire, Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’9 Customs, New and Additional Impositions SfC. for a Year, to 5th January 1782; viz.

THE CHARGE:

§ [Remaining in the Hands of this Accountant, upon the End I and Determination of the preceding Account of this Revenue for ( a Year, to 5th January 1781 -

< Depending in Bonds and Imprest Orders, unsatisfied at the De-'

„ termination of the preceding Account -Money and Bonds received, within the Time of this Account, for the Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of die new and additional Impositions -Interest on Bonds received of several Merchants -

Old Deposits, S$£. ——

Surcharges for Want of Receipts, %c. -

Money charged to reQdfy an Error in preceding Account -

Total of the Charge - - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

Salaries to the Officers upon the Quarterly Establishments in the Port of London ——

Salaries to the Patent Officers in the Port of London -Salaries to the Patent Officers in the Out Ports -Salaries to the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations -

Money paid by virtue of Warrants of the Treasury -Money paid for incident Charges, by virtue of Orders of the Commissioners of the Customs -

Money paid for incident Charges and Allowances out of the new Duties and additional Impositions -

Money paid upon Debentures for Goods, 8$c. exported, and for Com exported, and other Bounties -

Money paid upon Certificates of Goods damaged or over-entered Money paid on Portage Bills - -

Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer Money allowed to take off an erroneous Surcharge in the preceding Account

Total of the Discharge - -

And so remains - -

Against which

There is depending, in Bonds and Imprest Orders undischarged, the 5th January 1782 And so the said Accountant is indebted the Sum of -

£. S. d.

38,278 — 11

7,405 9 1

2,373 10 8

2,382 8 9

8,169 14 S

85,842 4 if

4,194 4

625,665 11 1 1

18,070 2 10

956 2 7*J

£. s. d. £. s. d.

7,202 4 6f 218,414 12 81

211,212 8 U

3,592,610 16 9* 21 16 2

83 15 9

74 17 a

36 7 9

3,811,242 6 3$

148,645 12 6

644,691 16 6$

2,772,346 6 4 4 ——

£ 3,565,687 15 5

£. 245,554 10 iof

244,654 3 5

£. 900 7 5i

Auditor of Imprefts Office, 15th June 1784.

A true Copy.

Charles Harris, Dep,r Aud'.

N* 2.

a6 Geo. Ill

I'f Januarii.

*5

N° 2. Fourteenth

Report

A STATE of the General Account of the Customs, new and additional Impositions, exhibited by on Public Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, Controller General of His Majesty’s Customs, for One Year, ended 5th Account#*

January 1782; viz.

THECHARGE:

1 Depending upon sundry Receivers and Collectors at the Foot of the preceding

rrears j- Account of the said Duties, ended 5th January 1781 -Money and Bonds due and payable to His Majesty for the Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Impositions, within the Time of this Account -

Money received for Interest on Bonds, not satisfied in due Time.

Money overpaid by several Receivers and Collectors of the Customs, and other Duties, the 5th January 1782 ——

Total of the Charge - - - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

Money allowed, ‘ being the Over Payments on the Customs, and other Duties, the 5th January 1781, as by the preceding Account appears -

Money remitted to the Receiver General, and accounted for by him in his Cash Account of the Customs, for the Year ended 5th January 1782 -

Money paid for Salaries and Incidents in the Out Ports -

The Allowance of 4 d.in the Pound for collecting the Coinage Duty ..

Money repaid upon Debentures and Certificates, and for Money paid upon Portage Bills -

Total of the Discharge -

And so Remains -

Against which

There is depending, in Money and Bonds, on sundry Receivers and Collectors of His"! Majesty’s Customs, for Arrears remaining in their Hands, the 5th January 1782 - -J

£- s. d.

1,342,612 19 6*

4,027,342 15 71

21 16 2

508,268 13 7i

5,878,246 4 Ilf

503,353 12 5t

3,495,472 3 iof

134,304 13 5i

238 4

281,628 — 7*

4,414,996 14 6i

1,463,249 10 5i

h 1,463,249 to 5t

And so this General Account of Customs is even and quit

Auditor of Imprefts Office, 15th June 1784*

A true Copy.

Charles Harris, Dep*7 Audr.

N# 3.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount arising from Fines and Forfeitures, and what Part thereof was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1781.

FOR THE YEAR 1781. Gross Amount of the Produce of Seizures and Fines, Spc. Payments into the Exchequer.

Accounted for by the Accountant of Petty Receipts, being the Gross Produce of condemned seized Goods -Accounted for by the Solicitors, being the Gross Amount arising by Pines and Forfeitures £ d. 143,235 17 9t 17,217 14 6f £. s. d. 66,375 9 1 10,286 15 3I

Total - - - £. 160,453 12 4t 76,662 4 4i

Jri Bastin, per Account*. iSthjpril 1785.

Vol. 41.

H

g

(Q

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

o

FT

>2 " <» o

3 5

3

P "

c a.

o- a a

3

6-

N*4.

An ACCOUNT of the Grols Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce thereof, for the Year 1781; distinguishing

the several Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General from the other Charges.

ISLANDS. PORT S, r- ' Gross Receipt* Charges of Management paid at the Port. Charges of Management paid by the Receiver General in England,

£ s. d. I d. £. s. d.

Jamaica - - - - J Kingston - - - 3>l82 10 11 165 411 689 9 3

Montego Bay - - - 11 14 9i 77 6 10* 400

1 S* Lucea - - - 2 16 8t 35 8 5i 520 6 5

Savanna La Mar - - - 39 15 — 47 7 It 40

P* Antonio - - - - 1 4 4i 65 14 6 80

Barbadoes - - B- Town - - 1,185 8 3i - - - .

Hole Town - \» m m - — —

Speights - m *

Oiftins - - - — T —

Antigua - - S‘ John’s - - - 825 5 8 i

Parham ——

S* Kitts - - - - Bafieterre - - - 1,720 17 6i - - 147 J2 —

Sandy Point - - - - 55 17 11

Montlerratt - 33 H 1

Nevis ----- 14 12 10

Tortola - 5o 2 — m 9 - .

Newfoundland - - - - m - - 528 17 -4i 122 4 3 262 10 —

S' Lucia - 152 2 9 28 1 2* 9l J9 —

Tobago - — - - - - 7 9 9t 73-JO 3 50

Grenada - - S’ George’s - 8 15 —

Grenville Harbour 135

45 3 4

Goree, in Africa - - 50

S £ 7»8i2 10 2 614 17 7t 2,520 15 —

Custom House, London, 26th May 1785.

Jos* Powell, for the Comp’ Gen1,

J. Mills, for the Rec' Gen1,

J. Dailey, Depr Supervisor of the Receiver General's Rec", &c.

Total

of

Payments.

£. d. 854 14 2 477 6 lof

5.55 14 10* 87 7 H 145 14 6

117 12

384 14 3

120 --- 2-i

123 10 3

8 15 —

135----

45 3 4

50----

3,105 12 Deduct - -

Os

Het Produce. Deficiency of the Receipt to unfwer the Payments.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

2,327 16 9

- 465 12 -i

- 552 18 2{

- 47 12 1*

- 144 10 U

1,185 8 3 —

— —

— —

825 5 8i —

— —

i,573 5;

55 17 11 *

33 ‘4 1 —

14 12 10^ —

50 2 — —

44 3 It —

32 2 6j Il6 —

- 5i

- 8 15 —

- 135 — —

- 45 3 4

m 50 — —

6,242 8 9* 1,565 11 3 4,676 17 6* 1,565 u 3

o

OO

Ov

o

r

N* 5-

An ACCOUNT of the Grofe Receipt of the Customs in London and the Out Ports, with the several Payments at each Port, distinguished under the proper Heads, and with the

Net Produce of each, for the Year 1781.

k*

Os

O

w

o

PORTS.

London -

Aberydwith

Aide burgh

Arundell

Barnstaple

Beaumaris

Berwick

Rlackney

Bo lion -

Bridgwater

Bridlington

Bristol -

By de ford

Card i He

Cardigann

Curlille -

Chepstow

Chester -

Chichester

Colchester

Cowes -

Dartmouth

Deale

Dover -

Exeter -

Falmouth

Faverfiiam

Fowey -

Gloucester

Gweek -

Harwich

Hull -

Ilfracombe

lpfwich -

Lancaster

Lanelly -

Leigh -

Liverpool

Looe

Lyme -

RECEIPT, i7ti.

1,858 17 94

>4,050 5 10

17,438 1 34

11,984 7

3.829 2 *1

45» 3 _ i /*

253 6 9i

105 16 i°A

4-44* 11 74

107,980 2 H

172 11 3i

7,446 2 41

45,65i 8 7b

62 15

1,381 9 5

441,587 7 7i

144 Hi 71

667 12 44

Interest received on Bonds.

£. t.

326,634 12

d.

3i

6i

£. s. d. 21 16 2

Total Receipt in Money

end Bonds.

£. 8, d.

>884,660 2 *i

211 18 5*

705 12 3

74° — lo|

809 2 11A

1.499 18 —

742 5 84

1,858 1 J L

6,066 3

2,004 14 1;

9*3 3 4;

245,110 19 5i;

591 17 9i

44 — 1;

95 13 —

189 16 11

32 6 64

4, H3 9 ct

i,74i 19 11J

8,276 ig 84

44, 4 6 34

7,808 18 4

1,858 17 91

14,050 5 10

17,438 1 H

11,984 3,849 7 2 8*

454 3 7*

453 6 94

105 16 lol

4444 11 74

107,980 2 *i

174 11 3i

7,446 2 4

45,651 8 74

62 15 h

1,381 9' 5

441,587 7 7i

124 14 7f

667 12 44

PAYMENTS, 1781.

Debentures

and

Bounties.

£. t. d.

7°3*7°9 8 toi

51 n 9i H *5 3

48,205 6 10J

46 11 2$

2,14* 15 *

16,838 2 Q

276 10 7

17 18 9 812 6 8;

682 4 —

33o 4 n$

M58 8 6

88,454 >4 8

ai 18 —

Certificates.

£. t. d. 8,070 2 10

1,928 6 — £

29 12 4

120 18 10

2,425 11 2

Net

Produce.

Payments exceeding the

Receipt.

I. d. £. 8. 4. £.

7 si 2,019,513 14 9k —

5 7 - - 175

8 54 - - 8* 224 1

— 2t — — —

16 7i 192 6 4 ‘ —

10 11 - - 317 1

16 1 - - 416 1

7 n? 1,296 13 i4 —

10 H 4,211 13 2 —

6 1*475 8 - —

*4 3i 455 9 -4 —

2 186,485 17 3 —

12 1 611

9 24 251

4 9i 311 1

5 680

6 3 4i 142 1

2 H 137 7 —

2 - *74

2 H 5,74* 17 —

4 10 5,394 1 54 —

13 34 4,870 5 3 —

9 1 Hi 8 8i —

13 54 7>7*>9 12 4* —

6 12,838 14 6} —

8 5 8.658 19 ll —

5 in- 2,813 16 10J —

l 6: - - 257

9 54 - - 22

15 1 - - 180

18 6) 2,026 13 1 —

9 al 101,393 13 6 —

15 8; - 34

12 / 4 6,667 9 9

17 15,936 11 2*

19 5; - - 292.

2 9 1*303 6 8 — .

14 — 143.201 13 7i -T-

7 - 366

1 n| - 246

r. d.

7 ij

'O

Q

at

a a.

ts>

> 2 sey n 3 o o — -o c 0 - P 3

g

F s' a

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

PORTS.

Lynn -

Maldon

Milford

Minehead

Newcastle

New haven

Pad flow

Penryn

Penzance

Plymouth

Poole

Portsmouth

Preston -

Rochester

Pye

St. Ives

Sandwich

Scarborough

Scilly -

Shoreham

Southampton

Southwold

Stockton

Sunderland

Swanzey

Truroe -

Wells -

Weymouth

Whitby -

Whitehaven

Wi (beech

Wood bridge

Yarmouth

Total

RECEIPT, 1781. Interest

/ Money. Bonds. received on Bonds.

£. d. £.*. d. £. t. d.

37, H4 17 5l

5,982 5 lj

688 17 $4

669 13 10J

40,759 4 2i

3,»44 14 34

1,012 12 6| 3.528 15 — 750 13 2

4,42a 9 8J

80,056 8 5

5,763 17 44

66,199 14 10J

104 7 8f

20,673 6 7 to N 00 "d-

1.077 10 5t

6,049 10 8

3,000 12 g±

4*5^7 19 <54 36 6 4}

1,866 15 3

33,956 11 2*

1,991 4 4l

2,836 13 if

5,349 2 9

744 u 3

7,088 17 2f

2,083 1 8j

3,303 2 11

4,849 i 14,323 8i 5,973 5 59 753 3 iof

2,640 16 i£ - -

26,63415 9 "

3,702,037 — 8 329,927 18 4fj 21 l6 2

Total Receipt in Money and Bondi.

H 3i 12 61

2 11

Debentures and Bounties.

£. s. d. 1.283 — 5|

37 10 10$

753 11 2 225 2 — i 4.911 9 7

800 — 3$

8,631 13 5

2,013 3 lof

1 11 3

1,416 7 —

3 1 5

---- i 18 7 3i

4 79 7>°25 13 i°i

2,987 19 11

4,031,986 15 af 900,671 14 4I

PAYMENTS, 1781.

Certificates.

£. s. d.

104 10 if

20 3 si 181 1 6£

468 8 7

15 3 5

9 19 ii

5 18 9

64 2 8j 14 15 4

352 19 H

3 9 3

24>i97 9 9i

1 18 2$

19 7 *

4 9 H

4 14 9l 19 8 7

Net

Produce.

£. 3.

33*599 10 4,61918

220 16 35,358 8

994 9 466 6

3.0*9 3 2,842 5

66,385 1

2,107 14

47.230 10

16.231 7

3.195 11 500 17 3,744 19

181 — 29,635 7 1,572 13 2,130 12 4,293 15

5,123 >3 i,274 — 1,206 6

4,078 18 4,218 — 5,438 10 2,004 8

19,74' 9

Payments exceeding the Receipt.

3 =

1,431 7 nf

fed

OO

£. «.

1,384 14

455 17 3i 2,308 14 9f

251 19 10

370 9 9f

sj

o

2,833,942 9 8J 9,478 18 7i

k

Custom House, London, 4th October 1784.

/<w" Powell, for the Comp' Gen1.

<1

OO

0\

N* 6.

o

I*

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Salaries, Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities, received by the Commissioners and the other Officers of the Customs in the Port of London; distinguishing by what Authority they are appointed, with the Payments for Taxes, Deputies, and Clerks, and other contingent Expences, all distinguished under their several Heads, and the Net Produce received by each Officer, for the Year 1784.

ARRANGEMENT OF THE OFFICERS:

I. The Board and its Attandants -.....-.....Page 29

II. Other Officers attending the Board for the General Business, without being confined to any

particular Port - - - 31

1. Officers for the Law Business - 31

2. Cashiers and Pay mailers, with their several Controls - 31

3. Controllers and Examiners of the General Accounts - — 32

4. Iiifpe&ors of Officers Conduit ----- — 33

5. Officers for keeping Accounts respecting the State of Trade - - - — 33

PORT OF LONDON:

III. Officers employed above Stairs, in the Foreign Business Inwards and Outwards - - — 33

1. Officers in the Loug Room, for both Branches - -- 33

2. Officers in the Long Room, for the Import Business ----- Pag© 34

3. Officers in the Long Room, for the Export Business - — 35

4. Additional Checks on the Foreign Business Inwards - — 36

IV. Officers at the Water Side, for the Foreign Business Inwards - - - - . — 36

V. Officers at the Water Side, for the Foreign Business Outwards - - - — 39

VI. Officers in the King's Warehouses - - - - - — 40

VII. Officers employed in the Coal Business - - - — 41

VIII. —: — ------ Coast Business ------- — 42

IX. -------- Eqfi India Warehouses, — 43

X.-------- Tobacco Business .- - - - - -. — 44

XI. Officers for the l^and Guard - ---- - — 45

XII. Officers for the Water Guard - -- - — 46

XIII. - — - Four and a Half per Cent. Business - - — 47

a

(Q

H-

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

O

OO

Names.

I.

Edward Hooper - -

The Board, and its Attendance.

Henry Pelham - -Sir W" Musgrave, B* James Jeffreys - -

Employments.

Thomas Boone

/ Commissioners

Welbore Ellis Agar -

William Hey - - -Thomas Allan - - -Sir Stauier Porten, Kn1 -

By what Authority appointed. Salaries and Allowances from the Grown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officer?, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fuud. Pay menu to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expencer. Net Produce of the Employment.

£. s. d. £. #. d. £. 1. d £. t. d.

By Patent ----- 1,000

Qarantine Allowance - 200 J m m - 1,200 225 3 — 974 17 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 — r mm m " — 1,200 225 3 - - - 974 17 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 1- r " m m " m 1,200 — — - 225 3 — 974 17 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 f m m m 1,200 225 3 — 974 17 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 f " m m m 1,200 — — 225 3 ~ 974 >7 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 ~ " 1,200 225 3 — 974 17 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 - 1,200 — — 225 3 — 974 7 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. 200 - 1,200 225 3 — 974 >7 —

Patent ----- 1,000

Q. ---- 200 " 1,200 — — 225 3 — 974 *7 ~

Carried forward - - £. 10,800 — — 10,800 2,026 7 — 8»773 I3 _

vo

6 Geo. III. 27° Januarii.

I.

Continued

g

cq'

i — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

O

rT

Officers Namea.

William Stiles

George Robinson John Gale -

Harry Hutfon - Isaac Crouch - -

Employments.

Secretary

Western Clerk, and Examiner of Stationary -

Northern Clerk -

Chief Copying Clerk -Minute Clerk - -

Eleven under Copying Clerks

James Powel -Thomas Shaw -Walter Adams William Davison Isaac Grigg Thomas Johnson Charles Sweet -

ion - - j-

- 1*

- s

Plantation Clerk - -Clerk in the Bond Office -Clerk of the Petitions -Doorkeepers and Me£-fengers -

EKtra MeflTengers -

Five other extra Messengers -

Bridget Kelly -

[George Weston - -Will1* Pilkington --

Housekeeper -

Controller of her Accounts Surveyor of Buildings

By Whit Authority appointed.

Brought forward -

Conflfitution - - -Establishment - - -Incidents - - - -Quarantine Allowance Enumerated Poundage East India Company -

{Treasury Warrant -

E.P....

Minute - -

Ditto....

a....

E. P....

Minute -

Q. ——

Minute -

Q. -....

Minute -

Q....

Warrant - -

Minute - -

Ditto -

{Warrant - -

Ditto -

Minute -

Ditto -

Ditto - -

Warrant -

In lieu of Fees -

Minute -

Ditto -

Total of Class I. - £.

s

la^S

6 c- 3 F

F S'

Salaries and Allowances from Payments by the Principals, Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities,

:he Crown, for Self, of ocher Officers, exclusive of

Deputies, and to the Deputies Shares of

Clerks. and Clerks. Seixures.

£. s. d. £. 8. d.

10, Boo ——

400 ——

IQO ——

60 ——

163 16 — — —

231 1 8 - - 52a — si

- - - - 10

300 — — 1 110 4 — }

81 18 — - -

115 10 10 J

30 - 10 10 —

200 — — 1

81 18 — }- - 105 4 — i

115 10 10 J

85 — — *

34 6 - - 128 5 6f

100 * — — .

15 — - - - 67 5 —

610 ——

93 5 6 i - - - 488 2 1

170 — —: - - - 104

80 — — - - 213 3 —

100 - 38 18 6

60 — —

60 — — ' - -

60 - 3

60 — — - -; 3 10 —

200 — —

4*5 — — / }.

199 1* 11 J

*5 — 40 ——

15>194 H 3 - - - 00 0 00 kS Mb-

Gross Produce of the Employment.

£. i.

10,800-----

j-1,58017 nf

607 12 10$ 40 IO — 502 12 10|

247^8 — 3 I90----

M9* 7 7

274-----

293 3 —

138 18 6

60----

60 — —

63----

63 10 — 200 — —

624 12 11

25 — — 40 — —

17,002 13 $1

Payments for Taxes.

£. s. d.

2,026 7 -

1^5 19 4

49 9 -26 — 3* 10 —

11 14 —

3 16 —

12 15 —

2-----

1 10 8 1 10 8

102 18

2,413 15 8

Payments to the Superannuation Fund.

£. 1. of.

116

1 n —

>5 5 —

2 10 —

2-----

2 --

1 IO -

1 10-

12 6

28-----

Payments to Deputies and Clerks.

£. 8. d.

50

20

70-----

Other contingent Expence*.

£. s. d.

— 16 10

— 34

— 3- 4

Maintenance and Wages of Servants.

233 2 —

234 3 6

Net Produce of the Employment.

£. *. d.

8»773 >3 —

U4

o

>.4»4 18 7i

558 3 10*

38 4 —

47i 2 >0* ^4 0

*34 12 6f

184 13 —

1,176 2 7

208 15 —

269 134 3 1 8 *.

56 16 —

56 16 —

63 — —

63 le —

200

288 12 11

*4 7 6

40 — ~ —

'4.256 12 7*

00

0\

g

(a

r~H

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

rs

2s

r

ii.

Other Officers attendant on the Board, without being confined to any particular! Port.

II.

ettion i Officers for Law Bufinefr

I Section

2.

Caffiiefs and Pay-mailers, with their] several i Controls.'

t

John Tyton - -Willikm Cddper -Geo. Litchfield

Arthur Tyton - -William Fbyntfc -John Arden

Bryan Broughton.

Will Richardson

Daniel Flowerdew -

/1

Solicitor for London* and \J the Western Porta - -Five Clerk* - -

Two Melfrngers -

Ji Solicitor for the Northern \\ Ports Two Clerks - -

A Messenger -

JT| Solicitor for Bonds and (J Criminal Prosecutions -Two Cl e iks

A Meffinger -

- -»I SoJicitor for Coast Bonds

- I InCpe&or of Prosecutions

- - I Deputy.....-

A Clerk ....

- Register of Senures -

- -1 Deputy....

A Clerk....

fi Auditor of the Solicitor's \] Accounts - -

flcbnftHotwn

William Mettish - John Mills - - -Joseph Thackery

Eight

Humphrey B*che -

John Franc -

Henry Collyer |j

Another

A

The Solicitor D° - -

j^Constitution

The Solicitor D° - -

jconstitution

The Solicitor -. . - D° -

Minute - - -Patent - -

Warrant . - -

The Patentee - -Patent - -

Seizures - -

The Patentee - -The Deputy Remitter

| Minute - .

is. - -

Total of Cless II. Sect. i. - -

Henry EPifetr John Dailey - -

John Cope Freeman

John Baflin - -

Isaac N edham -

James Compigne -Richard Thompson

Two

Si*

Receiver General Assistant to ditto -

First (lerk -other Clerks -

ChiefTeller -

Assistant to ditt? -First Clerk in the Trea fury -

Teller....

Messenger . - .

Supeivisor of the Receipts and Payments of the lUceiver General -Depnty to ditto - . Clerks -

Accountant of P^tty Re c eipts - - . - -

First Clerk to ditto other Clerks - -

Receiver of Fines and for feiturts for London

Clerk to ditto - . - -Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports....

Patent ..

« he Receiver General

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto -

Ditto -Ditto -

|Constitution

The Supervisor -- Ditto -

k.'onstitution

S.

The Accountant - - Ditto -

Warrant

The Receiver jeonflitution. S.

91<J-----

I m

470 —

430 —

50 —

1.985 *

240----1

259

40----

4,39° 16 p£

*,355 9

20 —

n

40 —

660 —

135 — 2.153 *

7i

2*3- 4 8

600----

33° --

66 —

160 — 40 —

140 — 40 —

160 — Co —

181 3

40 —

190 —

125 ~ 536 — 40 — i*50 — 60 —

100 —

70 —

120 — 100 —

130 — 350 —

77 12

26 Geo. III. 2j° Januaril.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

Officers Names.

II.

continueil

Section

3-

Controllers and Examiners

of the General Accounts.

William William* -Richard Stanley

Clement Nevill Zouch -Rob1 Franklin -

Joshua Powell -

Hugh Valence Jones Joshua Powell Robert Franklin

Employments.

Clerk to ditto -

Controller of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports -

Clerk to ditto - - -Receiver of the Superannuation Fund - -

Controller of ditto - -

tty what Authority appointed.

Salaries and Allowances fi om the Crown, for Self. Deputies, and Clerks.

The Receiver -IWarrant.

S.

The Controller -Minute.

| Mir

S.

Minute

Total of Class II. Sc&. 2.

- £

Rob1 Thorapfou Will Saxby -Heneage Legge

Will* Edington James Powell -

Eleven

Controller General - -

Chief Clerks to ditto

other Clerks - -

I Surveyor of the Out ‘ Porr Accounts -

Deputy ditto - -

Inspection of Exchequer B >oks in the Out Ports -Inspector of Out Port Cotle&ors Accounts and Vouchers -

Chief Clerk to ditto - -

Four other Clerks - -

Patent

f The Contr Gen1 -

I - - Ditto - -

Ditto - -

1

j

Patent - -

rhe Surveyor Constitution

Fran* Blackstone - -Geo. Huddesford - -

Fred* Augu Barnard

Will* Sims

-1

Mordecai Cutts - -

Thomas Richardson -Geo. Penfold - -ChrifP William* -

Examiners of Out Port Collectors Quarter Books

during a

Acting ditto Vacancy Clerk to Fran* Blackstone Ditto to Deo. iluddesford Ditto to F. A. Barnard -Examiner of the Sufficiency of Officers Securities, Ac. -

Clerk to ditto -

Examiner of Inferior Officers Day Pay Bills -Clerks tQ ditto -

Patent - - The Inspector

Q

- - Ditto - - - - W

f Warrant - -

<- Ditto- - -Ditto -

Minute - -

The Examiner -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

Warrant

Minute -

Warrant - -

Minute -

Total of Class II. $e& 3.

Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks.

335 10 —

100 — — 80----

6,76*2 ,6 i\l

2,109 14 100 —

366 16 8

300-----

600-----

75 — —

13 13 —

13 13 —

140-----

140-----

140-----

140----

100 — —

50 — 30 —

4.3*8 17 4

Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seisures.

£. #. d.

110-----

60----

2,318 12 —

115 —

1 *5 — 44° ~

30

3i 4

170 —

37 — 50 — 40 —

40----

1,068 4 —

£. s. d.

508 9 6

28 13 28 13 40 —

Gross Produce of the Employment.

£. rf.

no — —

335 10 —

6o-----

100 — —

80----

9*589 8 5

15 12 6

112 18 6

2,109 14 8

243 13 — 143 »3 ~ 480-----

366 16 8

30-----

300-----

600 — —

119 17

183 13 140 —

140 — 140 —

140----

37 —

50 —

40 —

100 —

55 1* 6

50-----

30-----

Payments

for

Taxes.

Payments

to the Super ail n nation Fund.

76 5 3

819 10 lO,

354 5 7: 19 2 6

19 2 6

8710 3

7814 — 113 14 —

5 n 6

ai 8 —

l6 l8 ---

l6 18 ---

7 10 4

20 *12 —

5 8 ----8

5,499 19 10 I 762 14

£. $. d.

1 lO ---

2 lO 2 10 2 lO

2 10 —

1 5

— 15

12 —

Payments

to Deputies and Cfeiks.

60----

2,068 12 —

670----

30----

201 4 —

37 — 50 —

40 —

40----

1,068 4 —

Other

contingent

Expences.

£. t. d.

Net Produce of the Employment.

£. 1. d.

110 — —

199 4 9 60 — —

100 — — 74-----

122 1 8

84 16 6

3 *

17 6

88 16 —

6,577 *3 uJ

1.085 9 — I

224 10 6 124 10 6 480 — —

164 9 11

30-----

221 6 —

282 — —

1*4 4 6 183 13 —

79 *-70 12 —

80 11 —

132 9 8

37-----

50-----

40----

36 — 6

55 *2 6 47 9 4 29 4 4

o

5$

3.568 5 9j

<1

00

Os

II.

c

o

Sect. 4 Inspectors of Officers Conduct.

Tho* Lord Pelham

Thomas Fanshaw Peregrine Sims -Walter Pingo Benjamin Pmgo -

Surveyor General -Chief Deputy to ditto Deputy Inwards - -Deputy Outwards ist Clerk ..

Another Clerk

Mich1 Collinson -Arthur Hammond Thomas Monday -John Nugent - -

John Carter - -

Edward Martin -

Edward Mil ward

William Battine -

James Powell -

: 1

General Surveyors attending in London - -

Clerk to ditto - - -Messenger to ditto - -

Surveyor Generalof the Riding Officers appointed to guard the Coast of Kent -

Surveyor General of the Riding Officers appointed to guard the Coast of Sussex -

Examiner of Riding Officers Journals for the Northern Ports -

Patent -

Depn from Pateutee

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -The Pateutee -

- Ditto

(Constitution - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto Minute - -Ditto - -

>Warrant

Ditto

i'Minute

Total of Class II. Sect. 4. - - - £

520 — —

400 -

400----

400 — —

400----

80----

40----

40a----

400----

200----

49 7 6

50 —

10----

34 ia 6

1,519 19 10

240 6 6 } 4« 5

2,039 19 10 200 -

49 7 6 290 6 6

81 5 6

34 6

400----

400 — —

400----

400 — —

80----

40----

400----

400 — —

162 16 —

8-----

102 2 — 102 2 — 102 2 — 102 2 — 2 1 4 -----8

91 15 —

91 17 8

I-

334 —

20 --

25 —

50 —

lucluded in his Return as Chief Clerk to the Inspector of Out Port Collectors Accounts.

3,040-----, 369-----

1,806 11 10

5,215 11 10

764 18 8

3-----

4*9----

45 5 11 10 — —

55 5 11

1,497 17 11

200-----

19 7 6 257

81

6

34 »* 6

297 »8 —

297 18 — 297 18 — 297 18 — 75 18 8

38 19 4

308 5 —

258 2 4

OS

o

w,

o

3.963 7 3

o

1

in.

Officers employed above Stairs, in the Foreign Business Inwards and Outwards.

Sect. 5.

Officers

for

keeping

Accounts

especting

Trade.

Peter Shaw -James Turner

John Pelham -John Tomkyns

Register General of all Trading Ships belonging to Great Britain -

Chief Clerk - - - -Four other Clerks - -

Inspector General of Imports and Exports -- I Assistant to ditto - -Six Clerks -

Patent - - -J Paid in Scotland The Register General

- - Ditto - -

Constitution - -

- - Ditto - -The Inspector

690

50

780

200

Sect. 1. Officers in the Long Room, for both Branches.

Henry Duke of New-f castle - -j - - \

James Hume - -

Will® Richardson - -

Tho* Richardson -

Total of Class II. Sect. 5. - - - £.

1,720-----

Controller Inwards and Outwards....

Chief Deputy - -

Patent -

JT Deputation from the \Contr - - -- - Ditto -

Deputy Inwards to ditto

For attending East India Sales 1st Clerk to ditto - - - The Controller

Henry Herd - -Joseph Marson - - -Perry Player - -

Another Clerk -

Deputy Outwards to Controller -

Clerk, to ditto -

Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs Outwards Clerk to ditto -

- Ditto -f Deputation from \Controller The Controller -

Patent -

The Customer

the

375 —

50

} —

60

130

14 *5 —

6

260

740 —

6q — 144 15

780 —

206 —

260 —

137 —

19a----

141 10 51 —

260 — —

6-----

412 18

60 — 144 *5 37* 10

153 — 260 —

45*5'-----

H *5 —

*,»90 15

329 12 —

456----

8-----

,403 3 —

182 —

42 10

50 — 50 —

i>348 13 4

193 5 —

[450-----

210----

134 H

228----

l#7*3 13 4 375 5 —

54* 10 —

460----

184 14 —

228 — —

126 10 —

8----

37 5 —

294 10 —

50----

216

20 14 —

56 16 — 26 12 —

40

50-----

7 0 12 9

21 — —

90-----

81 12 9

21 — —

8-----

12 2 6

40----

21-----

— 10 —

1,30* *3 4 365 3

434 11 —

203 4 — 158 2 —

180 — —

90-----

48 — 3

21-----

V*>

>2 W3

ill.

o

o

o

OQ

Sea. i.

continued

George Tayleure Bratbwayte -

Charles May Ja* Stephenson -

Sea. 2. Officers in the Long Room, for the Import BuGness.

Officers Names.

Employments*

Lancelot Harrison

William Reade

Henry Bilson, Lord Stawell -

Controller of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards -

Deputy to ditto - - - - -Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs for London -

Chief Deputy

Depy Outwards to ditto -Firit Clerk to ditto - - -Two other Clerks- - -

Clerk to Deputy Outwards

Sir Banks Jenkinson William Suckling -

Martin Challis - -William Sims

ims -

By Whit Authority appointed.

Patent -Controller >Patent -

f Deputation from Surveyor of Subsidies - -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

Deputy Outwards - -

Total of Class III. Sea. 1. - - - £.

Colleaor Inwards, &c. Chief Deputy - - .

Three

James Deacon - - J Two

Henry Gyles -

William Mucklow -

Hutchinson H. Browne -

Thomas Meggs - -

Peregrine Sims - -

Heneage Legge -Charles May - -

Clerk of the Ships Entries - -Clerk to - - ditto - - -Clerk of the Rates, and Computer of the Impost on Tobacco -

Clerks to ditto -

Patent - - - - -J Deputation from ColIf \I°wards - -

Coinage Salary - - -- - - Ditto - -The Collr Inwards Clk.

Deputation from Coll1 Inwards - - - - .

Rccr of the Grand Recp* - -

Clerks - -

Receiver of Plantation Duties -

Clerk to ditto....

Receiver of Wine Duties - -Clerk to ditto....

Computer of Wine Duties

Colleaor of Petty Customs Inwards - - - - -Deputy to ditto - -

For Copying Bills of Entries Inwards - -

Registerof Warrants - "

Clerk of Rates -f Deputation from Collr In wards -

Collr Inwards - -\ Deputation from Collector Inwards Collr Inwards Deputation from ditto -Collr Inwards - -

- - Ditto

jPatent - -Depn from CoIlr

Deputy t - ditto -

- Pateut

Dep" from Regr \Warrants - -

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Sb.tres of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Tuxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies ind Clerks. Other Contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment

£. #. d. £. s. d. £. t. d. £. ». d. £. 4. d. £. 1. d. £. *. d. £. s.d. £. t. d.

200 . 41 18 — 241 18 — 55 — - - - IS M — - >74 ® —

- 12 12 — 18 30 12 — 30 12 —

320 - 1.5*7 3 3 1.847 3 3 107 16 6 - - - 48l — 33 6 2 >,225 — 7

}- - - «55 - 255 255

- 71 147 14 6 218 14 6 . - - 15 - - - 203 14 0

- 65 - 65 65

- 90 ... 90 90 —

- 15 33 9 6 48 9 6 - - - - 48 9 6

950 894 2 — 4,459 10 4 6,303 12 4 354 H — _ - - 914 2 — >39 >9 8 4,894 16 8

736 13 + 1,9951011 2,732 4 3 234 >7 4 - 653 12 1 12 5 — 1,831 9 10

| 150 — > 250 278 10 9 792 16 11 34 »8 10 - - 11 3 2 746 14 11

114 6 2 J 552 7 8 552 7 8 26 10 - 50 - 475 >7

50 — — 4 54

j. loo 223 12 1 3‘>> 7 11 645 28 11 8 - " 110 - - - 506 8 4

% 110 244 — — 354 .354

}- ' r 1° 667 15 3 737 15 3 5 1 — - - - 10 10 — >5 7 — 706 17 3

J f 60 1 IO to — 13 8 6 83 18 6 83 18 6

}- ' 50 363 6 5 4*3 6 5 . 5 " — 25 - 3*3 6 5

J 25 30

110 2 8 - 165 2 4^ 275 5 — J 11 10 — i 25 - 238 >5 —

- 25 25 25

210 3 — 210 3 — 210 3 —

62 6 8 . 233 IO 4 295 >7 ~ is 7 8 - - - 77 9 4 - - - 200

10 77 9 4 } 00 -J <0 87 9 4

P -N 228 19 5 228 19 5 16 — — - >39 >7 5 10 8 — 62 14 —

}- ' *39 >7 5 - - 139 17 5 >39 >7 5

4*

9

V

St

5:

oo

o\

<1

o

t*

8*

Sea. 3 Office* re in the Long Room, for the Export BuOness,

Richard Frewin -Three John Goldhara -

Philip White -

William Suckling

William Saxby -William Reade -

Geo. Duke of *1 Manchester - -J James Meller - -

William Bates - -Thomas Sutton -

James Dodson

Thomas Spring - -Richard Williams -John Taylor- - -Thomas Willimott -Robert Hawes - -Phillip Meller - -William Williams -

FredkAuga Barnard|

Robert Seymour -Richd Williams- -William May - -Abrah* Greenwood

Henry Bushby - -

William Varey - -Charles Caution Charles Wilkinson

John Burgess -

Thomas Hicks - -

Examiner of all Duties except Wine & Currants - -Clerks to - ditto - - - -Examiner of the Duties oil Wine and Currants - - -Computer of 15 per Cent, on Muslins, &c. - -

Clerk to ditto....

Computer of the Duties ou unrated East India Goods

Clerk to ditto....

Copying Clerk of Entries Inwards -

Assistant to Clerk of Ships Entries -

Clerk to ditto -

Warrant - The Examiner Warrant - -

- - Ditto The Computer

Warrant - -The Computer Warrant - -

- - Ditto Allistant Clerk, kc

Total of Claft III. Sea. a.

Colleaor Outwards - - -Chief Deputy to ditto -

Deputy Outwards - - - -Atiitiant Deputy Outwards, and First Cocket Writer - -Receiver of Cutioms Outwards, and Second Cocket Writer -

Third Cocket Writer - - -Fourth - - ditto - - - -Fifth - - - ditto - - - -Sixth - - - ditto - - - -Seventh - ditto - - - -Eighth - - ditto - - - -Extra Clerk Collector of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather exported -

Deputy to ditto - - - -Controller of ditto - - - -Deputy Controller of ditto -Copying Clerk Outwards_- -

The Colleaor Patent - - -The Controller Warrant - -ror copying Bills of Entries Outwards

I Patent

- -

Patent - - - - -Dep® from Collr - -

Ditto - - ditto - -Ditto - ditto - -

Ditto - ditto - -

Collector Outwards -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - '-

- Ditto - -

Clerk of the Certificates under the Colleaor Inwards -First Clerk to -- ditto - -

Second Clerk to ditto - -Third Clerk to - ditto - -Ulher in the Long Room - -Deputy to ditto - - - - -Clerk to ditto - - - - -Day Watchman in the

Long Room....

Ditto in add1 Long Room - -

} Deputation from Co lector Inwards - -

Colleaor Inwards - - - Ditto - -

- - - Ditto - -

Patent - - - - -Dep* from the Ulher The Dep* Ulher - -f Minute - -

attends Sales -

- - Ditto - -

t

Total of Clafi 111. Soft. 3. -

60-----

80----

100 — —

r 30-----

\ 20 — —

40-----

80-----

too — —

50----

55----

30----

1,693 8 10

1,326 8 10

276 13 4

50

30

30

10

==}

40 — 1 10 40 —

484 3 4

40 —

10 — —

10 10 20 —

40----

21----

40----

42----

30----

30----

50----

291 1 — 35» 1 —

79 *4 — 179 *4 —

20 — — 100 — —

108 10 — 00 0 c* 10 —

- 50 — —

50 — — 100 — —

- - 55 — —

189 18 — 229 18 —

170 — — 250 — —

- - 30 — —

>.>9* 5 6J 9,212 3 25

1.855 _ 2,131 *3 4

457 *3 — 457 *3 —

,460 4 — 1,460 4 —

429 3 6 469 3 6

19 00 *5 — 299 *5 —

257 *9 — 257 *9 —

3*3 2 6 3*3 12 6

141 *3 — 161 *3 —

*39 16 6 *39 16 6

9 10 6 49 10 6

*5 18 — *5 18 —

*50 4 6 *7* 4 6

*95 5 9 245 5 9

124 5 2 164 5 2

46 7 1 76 7 1

32 *3 2 32 *3 2

- 40 — —

9*7 *3 5 9*7 *3 5

*97 12 — 239 12 —

27s 7 — 30* 7 —

68 *9 6 98 *9 6

619 7 — 625 7 —

166 — 216 — —

*49 *7 — *49 *7 —

10 — — 5* 10 —

2 5 — 4* 5 —

,32 11 7 9, *39 4 11

1 10 —

16 8 —

21 2 —

3 16 —

1 10

425 2 6$

156 19 —

27----

17 16 4

10 15 —

21 1 8

30 10 4

----8

----8

264 3 8

1 10 —

2 —

1 — 1 10

6----

IOO — —

15

50

55 —

30----

*>34* 8

131 10 40 —

40----

102-----

50----

3-----

363 10 —

4 4~

io — — 19 10 —

82 17 2

3 16 6

Station7,&c 349 5 — 9------

11 7 ~

3 10 — -

4 *5 —

10-----

8 10 — 1 — 6 — 15 —

1 19 9

3 15 — 10 -

3 3 6

789

1 1 -

4*9 »7 —

948 1 —

179 >4 — o\

66 19 — 0

137 8 — w

45 — c

4* 4 —

45 — —

909 8 —

917

30----

7,356 14 S

1.

1,9701710

457 >3 —

95* 9 —

4»o 3

288 8 — o

*54 9 — V-2

318 17 6

5* 13 —

131 6 6 48 10 —

15 3 —

171 + 6

185 9 8

160 10 2

65 2 1

32 13 2

39-----

79* 8 3

239 12 —

301 7 —

98 19 6

537 7 *

214 19 —

149 17 —

50 9 4

4* 4 4

8,088 14 3 O*

-------- c-n

>05051

*1

3>

X

D

eg'

n"

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

III.

SeA 4.

Additio nal Checks on the Foreign Business Inwards.

Officers Names.

James Burne William Buddie -

Employments.

South® Plant" Jerquer - -First Clerk to ditto - -

Another Clerk -

John Tombs - -William Robbins -Kenneth M'Pherson John Maylin - -

Another Clerk -

Wine Jerquer Clerk to ditto Norther* Europ" Jerquer First Clerk to - ditto -

John Pejer Duval William Fry Robert Vigeon -John Dunphey -

Willington Clark

Ambrose Edwards John Oxenford -

North® Plant" Jerquer -Clerk to - ditto -South" Europ® Jerquer -Clerk to - - ditto

Register of Certificate Coc-quets, and Examiner of Debentures -First Clerk -Second ditto

By what Authority appointed.

Another Clerk -

IV.

Officers at the Water Side, for the Foreign Business Inwards.

Edmund Horrex -

Robert Coker -Thomas Cheltham Walter Thomas -Richard Fofter -T. Grindon - -Edwd Fothergill Richd Troughton Thomas Hall

Smith Squire -<

Samuel Norman

John Greenall -

Caesar Adarafon -Edward Dock ley James Dunphey John Heathfield John Ward - -John Phillips -Richd Hardwick

Warrant

Minute

Ditto -

Warrant

Minute

Warrant

Minute

Ditto -

Warrant

Minute

Warrant

Minute

Warran

The Register

Ditto

Ditto

Total of Class III. Sect. 4.

- £.

Landing Surveyor

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto Surveyor to assist the Landing Surveyor in Examination of Paper -

Surveyor to assist Land Surveyors in Examination of Baggage - - .

Clerk to the Land Surveyors -Messenger to ditto, with Landing Waiter -

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

S.

Warrant

Ditto Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto (from 27th Feb.)

Minute

preferable Weighers Warrant- -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

Salaries and Allowances from che Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by 1 the Principals, jr other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, H her Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Sciaures. Giofs Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

£. s. d. £. t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. t. d. £. *. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ «. d.

100 - - 76 17 6 176 17 6 20 IO — 2 10 - *53 17 6

40 50 12 6 35 — 4 125 12 10 — 8 1 - M 4 124 8 2

30 - - 10 16 — 40 16 — - - 15 — - — 3 — 3918 —

100 - - 51 8 6 151 8 6 20 IO — 2 10 — . — 12 — 127 16 6

30 50 11 6 14 4 6 94,6 — 93 >6 —

100 - - 27 127 20*10 — 2 10 — - ... 104

40 50 11 — 7 7 — 9718 — 9<» »3 —

30 - - 15 45 - - -» 15 — - — 3 — 44 4 —

100 . 13 8 9 113 8 9 20 IO — 2 10 — - — 12 — 89 16 9

30 50 8 — 7 19 6 88 7 6 87 9 6

100 . - 8 10 — 108 10 — 20 10 — 2 10 — - - 7 6 85 2 6

30 50 11 — 3 »4 6 84 5 6 , — — 8 — 15 — — 5 — 83 4 »

250 - - 273 15 — 5^3 15 — 46 !5 — - - . 60 — - - 4>7 — —

... 10 146 19 — *56 19 — 156 19 —

- 20 — — 149 18 6 169 18 6 169 18 6

~ - - 30 ... 30 30

980 — 312 14 — 841 19 1 2,134 *3 1 149 6 4 18 5 — 60 — 2 19 6 1,904 3

230 — \ 23 6 8/ m 173 1* — 426 17 8 57 _ 5 15 — 363 12 8

253 6 8 - - 173 11 — 426 17 8 57 — 5 15 — - . 363 14 8

253 6 8 - - 173 n — 426 17 8 57 10 — 5 15 — - - - 363 12 &

253 6 8 - - 173 1! — 426 17 8 57 i° — 5 15 — - - - 3O3 12 8

253 6 8 - - 173 11 — 426 17 8 57 10 — 5 15 — - - . 363 14 8

253 6 8 - - 173 11 — 426 17 8 57 10 — 5 15 — - - m «» 363 ia 8

253 6 8 - - 168 7 — 421 13 8 57 10 — 5 *5 — - - 358 8 8

253 6 8 - 168 7 — 421 13 8 57 10 — 5 15 — - - 358 8 8

253 8 - - 168 7 ~ 421 13 8 57 10 — 5 15 — - - - 358 8 8

100 - - 21 121 20 12 — 2 IO — - - 1 3 — 96 T5 —

128 li 5 - - 69 *5 <5 198 6 11 29 14 9 2 IO — - - — 17 6 165 4 8

40 - - 21 9 — 61 9 — — 8 1 - - — 2 — 60 6 4

80 — 1 — 272 7 — 352 7 — 18 2 2 _ . 4 n — 327 i!4 —

80 - - 195 15 9 275 15 9 18 2 — 2 - - 8 17 — 246 16 9

80 - - 253 5 6 333 5 6 18 2 — 2 - - 7 14 8 3°5 8 10

80 - - 230 19 6 310 19 6 18 2 — 2 - - 8 15 10 282 1 8

80 - - 188 — 3 268 — 18 2 — 2 - - 8 19 6 238 18 9f

80 - - 180 15 2^ r 260 15 2: 18 2 — 2 — — - - 8176 431 15 84

So " 229 19 1 ij 309 19 11, 18 2 2 — 8 15 6 i 281 2 5$

On

270 Jgnuarii. A- 1786.

g

cq'

I — +'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

o

B

tr*

No Returns

John Parke - - -Joseph Walker - -Henry Tobin - -John Harker - -George Raincock -Thomas Wilson - -Edward Jones - -James Hawkins -Hayes Rob* Bristow John Raper -

Joseph Turton - -Thomas Preston - -

William Barton- -Will-Heathfield -George Oxlade - -

Ralph Hare - - -Frederick Gibson -Fran* Blackemore -Ingram Rider - -Leonard Fawflett -Tho* Littlewood -John Tilftone - -John Potts - - -Joseph Carr - - -Thomas Tucker - -John Taylor- - -Robert Manning -Geo. Mitford Flower Thomas Kiunier -Charles Reeks - -William Parke -John Slade - -John TiUtone - -(preferred)

Will. Ricnardson (Decd)

Thomas Cope - -John Bean - - -James Lamb - -Henry Hastings- -William Frazer - -William Raven- -Samuel Downe - -

Charles Collins - -

Alleyne Fitzherbert Joseph Hudson - -Tho* Phillips Lambe James Jones - -

Wenman Nutt - -John Gwiit - - -Robert Smith - -Charles Bellingham Job nHervey Jennings Thomas Wilson - -Edward George James Rodney - -

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto (from 9th April)

- - Ditto (from 29th April)

- - Ditto (from 8th June)

- - Ditto (from 14th Sept.)

- - Ditto (from 23d June)

- - Ditto (from 23d Nov.) Add1 Land* Waiter

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Gauger

- - Ditto (from 5th Aug.)

- - Ditto (to 13th May) -

- - Ditto (to 10th July) -

- - Ditto (from 6th 0&.) -

King's Waiter

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto - Ditto

- - Ditto

Patent

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

8o H4 '5 8 224 15 8

80 — — - 238 10 6 318 10 6

80 — — - - 252 11 332 11

80 — — - - 214 11 9 294 11 9

80 — — - - 2 45 18 325 18

80 — . — - - 216 18 10 29618. 10

80 — — - - 209 *9 6 28919 6

80 — — - - 188 11 2 268 11 2

80 — - - 245 12 — 325 12 —

80 — — - - 285 5 5f 365 5 Si

80 — — - - 266 8 9i 34° 8 9i

80 — — - - 272 15 2 352 *5 2

80 — — - - 278 19 3 358 19 3

80 — — - - 364 13 — 444 13 —

80 — — - - 307 — — 3»7 — —

80 — — - 194 6 6 274 6 6

80 — — - - 439 8 — 519 8 —

80 — — - - 175 2 6 255 2 6

60 — — - - 250 11 — 310 11 —

53 6 8 - - 190 12 11 243 19 7

45 18 8 - - 154 16 3i 200 H 11 i

25 11 — - - 62 «3 — I 88 4 ~i

40 — — - - 17613 2 216 13 2

10 2 4 - - 18 9 6 28 11 10

60 — - 239 16 11 299 16 11

60 — — - 196 12 Hi 25 6 12 114

60 — — - 198 18 10 258 18 10

60 — — . *- 206 8 2 266 8 2

60 — — 23817 11; 29817

60 — — - - 3*2 6 10 372 6 10

80 — — - - 160 7 — 240 7 —

13 9 2 - - 45 4 2 58 13 4

28 7 — - - Fees 28 7 —

not,

41 — 7 " known <i 7

21 — 7 - 21 — 7

52 — - J 78 17 4 130 l7 4

52 — — - 7» 17 4 130 *7 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 13° *7 4

52 — — - 78 l7 4 130 i7 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 17 4

52 — — - - 78 J7 4 13° l7 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 «3° *7 4

52 — — - 78 l7 4 130 17 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 17 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 17 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 17 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 *7 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 *7 4

52 — — - 7» 17 4 13017 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 >7 4

52 — — - 78 17 4 130 17 4

52 — — - 78 l7 4 130 >7 4

52 — — - 78 17- 4 130 >7 4

52 — 78 17 4 130 17 4

18 2 — 2 — 8 19 f 6

18 2 — 2 - 9 18 6

18 2 — 2 - 8 9

18 2 — 2 - 9 3 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 8 8 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 8 9 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 4 6

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 7 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 1 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 6 6

18 2 — 2 — — - 9 15 —

1.8 2 — 2 — — - - 9 5 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 12 4 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 3 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 7 10 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 2 —

18 2 — 2 — — - - 10 7 6

18 2 — 2 — — - - 9 H 6

13 19 — 1 IO — - - 8 5 3

12 1 6 1 6 — - - 7 1 8

10 8 6 1 3 — - - 5 9 —

5 10 3 — 12 9 - - 3 18 6

9 1 — 1 — — - - 5 3 3

2 5 4 — 5 2 - - — 3 4

1 10 8 1 10 — - - 6 12 —

1 10 8 1 10 — - - 6 »5 . —

1 10 8 1 10 — - - 9 14 a

1 10 8 1 10 — - - 7 16 —

1 10 8 1 10 — - - - 8 8 —

1 10 8 1 10 — - - 10 12 6

16 8 —

2 9 11 - 5 6

7 4 7

10 5 6

5 5

17 6 — 9 *3 5

17 6 — 9 *3 5

17 6 - 9 *3 5

17 6 — - - - 9 *3 5

17 6 — - 9 »3 5

*7 6 — - - - 9 *3 5

17 6 — 9 13 5

>7 6 — - - - 9 13 5

*7 6 — - - - 9 13 5

17 6 — 9 *3 5

17 6 — 9 13 5

>7 6 — - - - 9 13 5

17 6 — - - - 9 13 5

17 6 — - - 9 13 5

17 6 — 9 13 5

17 6 — 9 f3 5

17 6 9 *3 5

17 6 — - - - 9 *3 5

17 6 — . ' 9 13 5

J95 H 2

288 10

3°4 — i o\

265 297 6 8 9 2? O

26S 7 IO w 0

259 238 13 2 2

295 9 —

334 16 11 h k — 4

316 11 9i ► — *

323 8 2 HH

33613 3

4*4 8 —

359 8 —

244 2 6

48818 6

225 6 —

286 16 9

223 9 9

18314 i£

7» 2

201 8 11

25 18 —

290 4 3

246 17 3f *v|

24 6 3 8 0

255 287 11 9 6 3}

358 13 8 sT

223 6 —

55 17 11

*1 2 5 £

30 15 1

15 19 2 -

103 17 11

103 17 11

103 17 11

103 17 11

103 17 li

103 17 11

103 17 ] 1

103 17 11

103 17 11

103 *7 11

103 17 11

103 *7 1 b

103 *7 11

103 *7 11

103 *7 11

103 *7 11

103 *7 11

103 *7 11

103 17 11

*<1

> 2

0 a 3 §

0 c 3 a 2 0 £ 3 S* " 0 J

¥* o' Cl

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

Oficers Names.

Employments.

By what Authority appointed.

IV.

;ontinued

Samuel Heck ford John Corfield - -Alexander Lennox Timothy Ofmond John Kent - -

Joseph Carr

John Cookes -Joseph Allen -Thomas White Thomas Marshall JCofmo Gordon Tho* Phillips, Sen1 Richard Hodges Lewis Leitch -Tho* Phillips, Jun’ Thomas Harrison Willm Standish Cornelius Floyd John Stafford -John Church -

Deputy King’s Waiter -

Ditto -

Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto, appointed a Landing Waiter 23d No?. Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto, from 22d July Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

Warrant

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto

Weighers in Fee, who act as Appointers

Nineteen other Weighers in Fee -One Ditto, to 16th No?, his decease -One Ditto, to 09th Dec. fu-l pereeded -Three Weighers of Iron -Ninety-eight Preferable Weighers Extra, ditto -Preferable ditto.

Nineteen

- Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto f - Ditto { - Ditto t - Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Minute

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

em-King’s

John Thomas Joftura Griggs

ployed in the Warehouse Eighteen' Noon Tenders

Forty Establittied Watchmen -Ditto, who acts as Day Porter - -

Ditto, ditto, as Super?ifor of the Watchmen Six chief preferable Watch-men - -

Thirty-four other preferable ditto I Extra Watchmen -

1:

Warrant

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Minute

- Ditto

- Ditto

Total of Class IV.

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown* for Self, Deputies* and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks* Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of the Employment.

£.t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. d. £. a. </. £. t. d. £. 8. J.

- 186 si 186 12 5f i - - 7 10 4 179 2 if

- 260 19 6 260 19 6 1 " 9 6- 251 13 6

- 244 4 5i 244 4 5i 7 10 4 236 H if

- 335 5 6 335 5 6 - 7 12 6 327 13 —

... 220 5 Ilf 220 5 >>i " 5 >3 6 214 12 5f

- 195 1* 9 195 >2 9 - -- 7 5 6 188 7 3

171 19 7 >7* >9 7 8 14 6 163 5 1

450 450 — — - 8 13 - 441 7 —

206 lfr 1 206 18 1 ' " 7 l9 — 198 19 1

233 5 9 23? 5 9 - 8 12 10 224 12 11

-- - - 342 17 6 342 17 6 - 7 12 6 335 5 —

560 560 — — " 4 ,7 — 555 13 —

-- *- *- 171 17 1 171 17 1 - 6 19 6 1 l64 17 7

92 16 6 92 16 6 1 13 6 1 91 3 —

320 12 11 320 12 11 - 85 — 312 7 11

225 17 5 225 17 5 - 7 218 17 5

i3o a 24 180 6 *£ - 8 6 — 172 - 2f

35 37 6 4 72 6 4 — 1 10 — 17 6 - 1 7i 7 —

35 37 6 4 72 6 4 — 1 10 I — 17 6 - 71 7 —

35 37 6 4 72 6 4 — 1 10 1 — 17 6 - 7i 7 —

66 5 74 2 7 739 2 7 I H 10 |16 12 6 - 720 15 3

29 i« — - - - Unknown* 29 12 1 4 — 14 9 - . - 28 15 11

3+6 5 - - - - 34 5 - — 17 2 . - - 33 9 3

270 - 60 33a — — — 6 — 1 16 _ 122 2 — 205 i<5 —

3.1»+ 8 4 - 623 13 2 3,738 > 6 12 2 77 17 2 - 3>645 12 %

3,38+ 14 — - - 3,384 >4 — 3*384 *4 —

See King’s Wai ehouse Folio.

268 283 — 287 8 —

>,995 - ] >,995 — — 5 13 4 50 - - - - U939 H

57 >5 6 i 57 >5 6 — 3 6 9 - 56 3 —

57 >5 6 57 >5 6 — 3 6 9 — - - - . 56 3 —

33 > > - ' 33* > — — 15 — 5 - - - - 322 1 —

>,636 5 — 1,636 5 . — 4 5 — . 40 16 — U591 4 —

996 19 6 - 996 19 6 996 19 6

19,281 4 8 . - - 16,971 6 6f 36,252 u 1,48* 12 7 325 2 ~ - - 741 >5 >> 33,704 - 8f

Os>

00

h

I — t 00

2 70 Jamarii.

o

t-

D

cg‘

n"

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o§

FT

Officers William Legge, - - "1

at the Water I now; John Drouly - - - J Chief Patent Searcher - Patent

Side, f Warrant from Paten-1

for the George By - - - - Deputy to ditto - - ctee, approved by the I

Foreign [Treasury - . - - -J

Business Out- wards. Henry Shelley, - l ..... r Patent -

Cha* Churchill, - a ..... I Ditto -

Rich4 Devins, - - 3 I George Burrard, - 4 / Under Patent Searchers J Ditto -\ Ditto -

Phi* Westfaling, - V Geo. Atwood, - - ® 1 Ditto.

' -S r Patentee's Deputa-1

Will® Hankins, Sen. - 1 tion, approved by > Treasury - - - -J

Will® Hankins, Jun. - I Tho* Waterhouse - -,) Hedworth. Reed - . - I Rich4 Devins, Paten- Senior Deputies to Under Patent Searchers - - - - Ditto -- - Ditto - - Ditto -

tee, executes his> - Ditto -

own Business - - J J , s.

Edna4 Robbins - - ..... - Ditto -

James Milter - - - Ditto -

Obadiab Arrowsmith t Additional Deputies to D# - Ditto -

Thomas Fitter - - - - Ditto -

Thomas Stringer - - - - Ditto -

John Goodeve r - - ..... r Warrant -

Thomas Hale - - - Ditto -

Robert Weston - - ----- - Ditto -

Rich4 Hereford - - Searchers deputed by - Ditto -

Rich4 Sedden - - - I Henry Fieltlen - - - / the Board, as Controllers dn the Patent Searchers, - Ditto - - Ditto -

Rob* Hodgson - - - or their Deputies - - - Ditto -

Jacob Garrard - - - - Ditto -

Duncan M'Andrew - - Ditto -

Joseph Spilfbury - . > - Ditto -

John Delane - - - - Surveyor of the Search" Warrant -

John Hankins- - - Chief Clerk to Patent Searchers ..... jpafceqt Searchers

George Hankins - - AffiAant to ditto ... - Ditto -

- Rich4 Price Jones - - Debenture Clerk - - - - Ditto -

Philip Hawkins - - - Add1 Debenture Clerk - - Ditto -

William By - - - - Second AffiAant to ditto - - Ditto -

John Langton - - - Clerk to the Controlling Searchers ----- j-Warrant

Edward Bailey - - - Clerk to the deputed D° - Ditto -

4V 567 3 ~ 687 3 ~~ 33 <5 — - 135 — — *5 — —

80 — — 13* 12 6 212 12 6

970 6 — 983 6 — 50 - 185 — _ 16 6 —

- - 970 6 — 982 6 50 — — - - 185 — . — 16 6 —

- - 970 6 _ 983 6 — 50 — — - - 25 — — 16 6 —

- - 97° 6 — 983 6 — 50 — — - - 185 — — 16 6 —

- 970 6 — 983 6 — 50 — — - - 185 — — 16 6 —

160 — — 132 12 6 393 12 6

160 — 132 12 6 292 12 6

160 — — 132 12 6 292 12 6

160 — — 132 12 6 292 12 a

- - 132 12 6 13* 12 6

IS* 12 6 292 12 6 12 1 4

- - 132 12 6 292 12 6 12 1 4 1

- - 132 12 6 292 12 6 12 1 4

- 132 12 6 *9* 12 6 12 1 4

" - 132 12 6 292 12 6 12 1 4

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 »4 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 H 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — a* 2 — - - 4 *4 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - 4 H 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 »4 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 14 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 '4 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — — - 4 '4 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 14 6 34 9 —

- - 341 13 — 501 13 — 3* 2 — - - 4 >4 6 34 9 —

310 10 — - - - 460 10 — *7 2 — - - - 4 >4 6 3 8 —

50 — — 5*7 — 577 — — 6 - 40 — — -

40 — — 210 10 — 250 IO

18 — — 433 12 6 45i 12 6 - - - 70 — — -

50 — For Haifa Year. 15 3 6 65 2 6

(50-\ 20 — — } 40 — 110 — —

- " - 20 — 70 — — 1 5 — . 1 5

" " 30 " 80 — — 1 5 t 5

503 17 —

212 12 6

731-----

73i-----

891-----

73i-----

731----

ON

O

o

292 12 6

292 12 6 292 12 6 292 12 6

132 12 6

280 11

280 11 280 11 280 11 280 11

43° 7 430 7 430 7

430 7

43° 7 43o 7 43o 7

43o 7

430 7 43o 7

2

2

2

2

6

6

6

6

<5

6

6

6

6

6

1

4»5 5

53*-----

050 10 — 381 13 6

65 a 6 110 — —

67 10 — 77 »° —

'O

g

to,'

i — h~

n'

CD

Q_

CT

By what Authority Salaries and Allowances from Payments by the Principals, Amount of Fees, jther Allowances, Gross Produce Payments Payments to the Super- Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other Net Produce

Officers Names. j&mpioymencs. appointed. the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. dUQ UrdlUlUC)) exdufire of Shares of of the Employment. ior Taxes. annuation Fund. contingent Expences. of the Employment.

Seizures.

£. s, d. £. S. d. £.s. £. 1. d. £.*. d. £. a. d. £ ». d. £. 1. d. £. f. d.

V. continued Rob* Duel Warne - Commissioners Clerk in Searchers Office - - - VMinute - - - - 40 - . - . 40 - - 1 ... - 39

James Pritchard - - i Private Clerk to Controlling Searchers - - >The Conte Searchers - - 52 25 5 — 77 5 - 77 5 —

Officers for cutting off 1

Four< Stamps on Callicoes, &c. exported ----- VMinute - - - 200 — — - 240 440 — 4 — 5 - 1 ia — 433 4 —

Tho* Burfoot - - - / Chief Packer under the Searchers ----- j - Ditto - - - - 100 - . - - - 100 2 10 - 1 14 — 95 16 —

Edward Bolton - - J Assistant to Searchers in

opening and re-packing Muffins. &c. ... - I - Ditto ..... 39 6 - - 14 53 — 2 6 — 19 6 - - - . 52 — 6

Six Coopers and Weighers - - Ditto - - - - 234 1.5 — - 108 342 15 — — 12 — 6 - . 336 3 —

Four Constables - - - Ditto - - - - r iw )- - - - . 360 . - - 184 176

I 340 j

Ann Ovey - - - - / Office Keeper to Search- ova ^Patent Search - - - - 9 ja — 81 3- 90 15 ~ 7 16 — 82 19 —

Richard Gee - \ Rev. Rob! Hare / ’ 1 1 Two Patent Searchers at Grave fend - - - - J j Patent -----1 { :== }- - 593 2 2 609 2 2 609 2 2 22 — Watermen 6o 60 |29 438 2 2

Nathaniel Webb - 2 J I- Ditto ----- 16 — - 593 2 22 — Watermen l 1 I l 0 0 <0 0 }^9 438 2 2

Henry Thames Rogers f Deputies to Patent Search- \ Depn from Patentee _ - - 60 218 7 10 278 7 10

Nathaniel Gyles - - 1 ers at Gravesend - - - f- - Ditto - _ /- - - 60 218 7 10 278 7 10 278 7 10

Taflell Read - - - Deputed or Controlling Searcher at Gravesend - Warrant - - - - J 40 - - 218 7 10 258 7 10 258 7 10

Total of Clas* V. - - - £. 3.875 «7 6 1,440 2 — 13,880 1 4 19,196 — 10 747 13 2 15 9 6 1,291 19 6 7©7 IO 16,433 8 8

VI. Officers employed in the King’s Joseph Hetherington - Surveyor of the King’s Warehouse - - - - j-Warrant - - - - q fPoundage - - -\Attendr Sales - - - 200 380 18 6 130 12 1 } 3 2 896 13 9 78 10 6 - - - 368 - - - 814 16 7

Ware- Henry Shepherd - - - First Assistant to ditto - - Ditto - - - - Bo 1

houses. Poundage out\ of S. - f 190 9 3 188 9 6 458 18 9 32 5 3 2 3 6 8 - - - 421 6 10

Henry Tahourdin - - Second Assistant to ditto - - - Ditto - -P. S. 50 190 }- - 204 19 — 445 8 3 15 10 3 1 5 — 368 - - - 425 6 4

John Bartlett - - - - Clerk to ditto - - - - Minute ----- 40 10 1

John Walker - - - Warehouse Keeper for Crown ---- Warrant - - - -P. S. 60 190 2 3 } - - 250 2 3 H 5 ij 1 10 — 60 - »74 7

Robert Trott - - - - Deputy to ditto - - - Minute ----- - - - 60 2 62 62

4*

O

2j° Januarii. A. 1786.

o

f*

Tho* Chauntrell {

James Compigne - - -Another Thomas Pearce - -

Thomas Alderton Richard Snow Joseph Tipfon

James Powell - -William Reynolds Samuel Vokins - - { - {

William Brixey - Four

Robert Trott - -Joseph Beldon ;{ Six Six Six

One/

Robert Tayler {

Warehouse Keeper for the Coiie&or Inwards

First Clerk to ditto - -Clerk to ditto - -

J

Coll'

Appraisers

Deputy Appraisers

J The

Deputation from Collector, P. S. Inwards - Ditto -Warrant from the Chancellor of the Exchecpier Appraisers -Ditto - -

Examiner of Foreign Books imported -

Contr on Appraisements - -Warehouse Keeper for "I Cambricks, Arc. - - - J

Controller for ditto -

Lockers for ditto - -

Stamper of Italian Wro* "I Silks, &c. - - - J

Cooper -

Preferable Weighers - -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto -

Locker at the Excise

Warehouse - -

Warehouse Keeper for the King's Victualling S Stores -

Minute.

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Total of CJafs VI.

O

(Q*

r-H

N

CD

Q.

cr

o

VII.

i — i

Officers employed in the Coal Business.

Robert Weston C. A. Harrison

Hugh Bisfhopp William Dobson

John Whitmore

George Welstead

Collector of the Coal Duties -

id Clerk -

2d Clerk -

Contr of the Coal Duties Clerk to ditto - -

Examiner of the Coal Quarter Books -

Clerk for making out a Lid of Ships laden with Coals, &c. for Examr -

Minute -

The Collector - -Ditto Minute - - -The Controller -

> Minute -

- Ditto

Total of Class VII. - .

§2»?i § 2-3 R o' S B*

VIII.

g

(Q

f — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

fT

Officers employed in the Coast Business.

Officer* Names.

George Wclstead

John Crompton James Siddall -Thomas Wolfe

J. G. Haflard -

William May

Edwd Whitehouse

John Freelove

John Wimberley - -Joshua Cleobury - -Richard Ward Hoard Richard Payne - -Randolph Burgess -Samuel Aris - - -Thomas Harrison John Scott - - -John Ash Harvest Thomas Woollams -Rob1 Culpack - - -George Haddon - -John Slater ... James Bramston - -John Downes ... John Smith - . Tho* Matthews - -

Employments.

Deputy for the Coast Business, under the Collector Outwards -

For Lists of Coal Ships -ift Clerk to ditto - - -Registring Clerk - - -Sufferance Clerk -

Deputy Controller in Coast Department - -

Clerk of the Coast Business, and to make out Bills of Store

Surveyor of the Coast Waiters ..

Coast Waiter -

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -Ditto Ditto -Ditto -Ditto Ditto Ditto

By what Authority appointed*

Deputation from! ColleClr Outwards -J

ut supra -

Collectr Outwards - -- - Ditto

Ditto -

f Deptn from ContO \ Inwards and Outwd* J

j. Warrant

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Total of CIaft VIII.

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, far Self, Deputies, and Ciefka* 4 Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. , Amount of Fees other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to Che Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other Contingent Expences, Net Pnxtoc* of the Employment

£. s. d. £ fa d. £. fa d. £. 1. d. £. fa d. £. f. d. £a S. d. £. 1. d. £a X. d.

- - - 521 — 54» — — 11 5 — m. 108 — 50 371 15 ""

20 — — J

- *4 «43 12 3 067 12 3 827 259 9 8

- 34 63 — 97 — — 97

55

- - 20 315 15 6 335 15 6 - 1512 — 3*0 3 6

50 6 9 — 56 9 — - 1 5 —: . 5 — - — 4 — 53 15 —

6o 59 2 6 119 2 6 1 10 — 1 10 — w m - 116 2 6

{ 4«}; 69 10 — 115 10 — 1 4 8 1 113 5 4

4s — 70 3 6 118 3 6 1 4 8 1 - - 115 18 10

♦e — *>9 10 — 115 10 — 1 4 8 1 — — - - 113 5 4

48 — 68 — — 116 — — 1 4 8 1 - - 113 15 4

44 — 71 15 — 115 15 — 1 4 8 1 113 10 4

48 — 7615 — 124 15 — 1 4 8 l - - 122 10 4

4* — 85 3 8 133 3 8 1 4 8 1 . - 130 19 —

46 — 69 10 — 115 10 — 1 4 8 1 113 5 4

48 — 59 8 6 107 8 6 1 4 8 1 - - 105 3 ia

44 — 72 7 — 116 7 — 1 4 8 1 - - i*4 4

44 — 80 — .124 — — 1 4 8 1 - - 121 15 4

46 — 70 12 — 116 12 — 1 4 8 l i*4 7 4

44 — — 66 H ~ 110 H — 1 4 8 1 108 9 4

48 — 62 7 9 110 7 9 1 4 8 1 - - 108 3 1

44 — 68 5 — 112 5 — 1 4 8 1 - - 110 — 4

40 — 74 10 — 114 10 — 1 4 8 1 112 5 4

48 — 69 7 117 7 6 1 4 8 1 - - - 115 2 10

48 — 70 — 118 — 1 4 8 1 — — - ... 115 15 4

958 — 128 2,487 18 2 3.573 18 2 1 * CO 20 15 — 108 73 7 3*335 — 7

o

2:

M

g

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

O"

IX.

<1

o

r*

Officers employed in the East India Ware-houses, & c.

William Richmond - Tho* Collingwood -

Fred. Augusta Barnard

David Maclean - -

Samuel Bowerman - -

James Seddon

Francis Coke Tho* Brunfdon

David Maclean - -

Joseph Barnes - -Jeremiah Simmons -

William Batten -John Gardiner -

Thomas Leech -

— -

S>£

-A*

V

s

John Hill -

Edward Porter - -Thomas Attwater -William Reynolds -John Seymour - -Isaac Shepherd - - -James Eden - - - - )

Will" White (from 6th 1

oar) - - - - /

John Westneys, (decd)l to 5th Aug* - - -J

Stephen Rigaud James Byrne -

William Edwards, Junr -

John Robson

- Ditto

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses - -

Assistant toD° -

Inspector of the Delivery of all uprated East India Goods - - - -Assistant to ditto - - -Clerk to ditto - -

Warehouse Keepers for prohibited E. India Goods -

Warrant

- Ditto

- Ditto

The Inspector - - Ditto 1 Warrant

Controllers for ditto

Jerquerof Warehouse Keepers Accounts for prohibited E. I. Goods -Warehouse Keeper for Pepper -

Controller for ditto - -

{Warehouse Keeper for Private Trade - -Ditto for Bengal Goods f Ditto for Pafleogers < Baggage, and clearing [Stores - - - .

Ditto for Coast Goods -

Warehouse Keepers for Coflee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts -

Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Minute

Controller of the Warehouse Keepers for Coffee, Tea, See. - - - -- Ditto -

Examiner of the Warehouse Keepers Accounts of prohibited E. I. Goods, and of Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Bugles - -

Examiner of Warehouse Keepers Acctf of prohibited East India Goods, Sec. -

Examiner of Warehouse Keepers Acct# of Bugles

Warrant

- Ditto

| Minute

- Ditto

Ditto

- Ditto

C Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditt^ v Ditto

Ditto Ditto

j. Ditto

- Ditto

Ditto

Ditto Ditto

130 m m m 464 9 594 9

130 m m m 336 3 10 466 3 10

210 m m m 464 1 9 674 I 9

IOO - - - 101 1 6 201 1 6

100 — - 43 — 3 143 — 3

50 - - 92 13 6 142 13 6

50 ... 34 i* 3 843

60 - 9 5 — 69 5 —

100 - - - 22 122

50 16 66

60 . 7 67

60 - 31 — — 91

60 — — - 69 19 4 129 19 4

60 - 2 62

60 - 46 4 4 106 4 4

60 - - - 52 18 9 112 18 9

60 - 93 158

60 - 52 18 9 112 18 9

60 - 46 4 4 106 4 4

60 46 4 4 106 4 4

15 18 7 M 17 14 8 Supposed to be 33 13 3

84 15 11 ‘ ' 28 62 15 11

Co

60 — — - - 60

50 m - 50

20 - m m ~ 20

20 — — m m m- - 20

34»« 4 -

21 *4 — 1 15 —

as 18 — . - -

20 12 — 10 —

20 11 4 2 10 —

1 5 — 1 5 —

1 5 8 1 5 —

— — 8 1 10 —

20 12 — 2 10 —

1 4 4 1 5 —

1 10 8 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

1 10 8 1 10 —

1 10 8 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

1 10 8 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

— 7 6 — 7 6

— H 10 — 17 6

1 10 8 - -

1 10 8 - -

— — 8 1 5 —

— — 4 — 10 —

— — 4 — 10 —

90----

- - 559 5 5

1 12 441 2 10

- - 547 3 9

- - 177 19 6

- - ' 18 11

- - 140 3 6

- - 82 1 7

1 IO — 66 4 4

10 — 98 8 - —

— IO — 63 — 8

- <5319 4

— 8 — 87 12 —

— 8 —

1 10 1 10

126 10 8

58 19 4

103 4 4

109 18 9

154 >9 4

log 18 g

103 4 4 103 4 4

3* *8 3 61 3 7

56 >9 f 56 19 4

48 14 *

19 9 8

19 9 8

8 §

c ? »

o

1

D

eg;

n'

CD

Q.

(D

o

o

o*

rT

IX.

continued

Officers Names.

c

(Q

O-

S

o

o

O*

X

U

Five

Two

Five

One

Seven

Eight

Three

Two

Four

Four

Two

Two

Two

Three

Five

Two

David Maclean

Employments.

Lockers, viz.

In Leadenhall Street, for Bengal prohibited Goods -

I n New Street, for Bengal White Goods and Raw

Silk....

In St.Helen’s, for Coall, Surat, and China, pro-hibd Goods - -

Iu Leadenhall Street, for Coast, and White Goods -

In Fenchurch Street and Tower Hill Ware-houses, for Tea -

In Parker’s Gardens, for Tea, Coffee, Drugs, and Cotton Yarn -

In the Pepper Warehouses At the China Warehouses, in Fenchurch Street -

For private Trade,

Drugs, &c. - -

For China, at the private Trade Warehouses - -

For D°, at Mason and C° For D°, at Akerman and Shaw’s - -

For Baggage and Stores For Prize Goods, Plantation Coffee, &c. at the Steel Yard - -

Temporary Lockers, in the Prize Warehouse, in the Steel Yard -

For Bugles, at D° - -

Controller on the Lockers at the China Warehouses for Exportation -

By what Authority appointed.

Minute

- Ditto I - Ditto

-Diup

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto J> - Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

j- - Ditto

- Ditto I - Ditto

/Two

\Two

Total of Class IX.

- £.

L

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies, and Clerks. Amount of Fees, other Allowances, and Gratuities, exclusive of Shares of Seizures. Gross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxes. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent ExpencQS. Net Produce of the Employment.

£. t. d. £. s. d. £. 1. d. £. f. d. £. *. d. £. a. d. £. *. d. £ J. d. £. s. d.

229 15 — - 171 5 — 401 — — 10 — 5 15 — m m m - 394 *5 —

91 18 — w - 4* 16 — 133 H — — 5 — 2 6 — m + m - - - >3» 3 *"

229 15 — mm — 90 — 319 15 — — 10 — 5 15 — - - - 3*3 10 —

45 19 — m — 18 — 63 19 " — 2 — 1 3 " - . - - - - 62 *4 —

320 12 — mm m m 241 17 — 562 9. — — *7 6 7 17 6 — m — - - 553 14 —

366 8 — 257 5 — C23 13 — 1 — — 9 — . - - 613 13 —

137 17 — ~ 63 3" 6 201 — 6 — 7 6 3 7 6 - - *97 5 6

89 2 — - - - 60 6 — 149 8 — — 4 4 2 5 — 146 18 8

183 4 — - 109 12 — 292 16 — — 10 — 4 10 — - - 287 16 —

12 — - - - 35 18 — 127 10 — — 5 — 2 5 — - - 125 — . —

91 12 — - 5 — 96 12 — — 5 — 2 5 — - - 94 2 —

7* . - 4614 — 124 >4 — — 6 8 1 18 - 122 9 4

65 — 39 19 — 104 19 — — 4 8 1 12 — - - 103 2 4

00 <0 10 — - 24 — 1,3 10 — — 5 — 2 5 " . 111 —

96 18 — - 54 15 — 151 13 — — 4 6 2 12 6 - - - 148 16 —

] 61 10 — - 6 8 — 167 18 — — 10 — 4 — — rnm - - 163 8 —

64 12 — m 10 12 — 75 4 — " 4 — 1 12 — - - 73 8 —

20 — m m m 4 14 6 24 14 6 — 10 8 23 13 10

4.293 18 6 90 3.3«2 9 4 7.746 7 10 185 8 10 93 18 6 90 7 18 — 7>3®9 2 6

4

o-

00

Os

X.

o

XI.

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Officers employed in the Tobacco Business.

Officers for the Land Guard.

Henry Halcomb -

Edmd Clutterbuck William Smyth -Sam1 Lawrence -Peter Graham Henry Sampson Fry

Charles Thredder

.f

Thomas Gamons Boswell Middleton John Herd - -

John Easton - -

.1

r

Edward Burlton -Henry Heath - -

Henry Stone - -

Four

John Gethen - - *

Ezekiel Woodville -

Register Gen1 of Tobacco Chief Clerk - - .

Second ditto - -

Third ditto - -

Fourth ditto - -

Fifth ditto - -

Clerks for the Inland Tobacco Business, under Collector Inwards -

Ditto for ditto, under the Controller - -

Inwards and Outwards -Viewer and Examiner Inwards and Outwards -Inspector and Surveyor of the Tobacco Burning Ground -

Tobacco Cooper -

Tobacco Locker, Examr of manufactd Tobacco, and for attending the Burning Ground -

Watchmen and Labourers at the Burning Kiln -Bargeman to convey Tobacco to the Kiln - -

Superintendant of Tobacco Lockers -

Tobacco Lockers (besides H. Stone) - -

Constitution Warrant -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

f Warrant and Depu-| tation from Collector - -

I - Ditto -

- - Ditto - - - -from Controller

- - Ditto.

Warrant

1

Minute -- Ditto

- Ditto

380

150

80

50

40

4°

80 — —

40

80

4®

200

50----

40 — 4

- Ditto

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

Total of Class X. -

John Sherlock j Surveyor of the Land Carriage Officers - - j Warrant -

William Brice Land Carriage Officers Ditto -

Thomas Bavin - - - Ditto - . Ditto m

Daniel Baston - - - - Ditto - - . Ditto m

Henry Wertz - - - - Ditto - - Ditto -

John Cooke - - - - Ditto - - — Ditto

Martin Lemon - - Ditto- - . Ditto -

John Willians - - - Ditto - - Ditto

Will* Constable - - - Ditto- - Ditto

Richd Rignall - - - - Ditto- - — Ditto -

Sam1 Sibley - - - - Ditto- - - Ditto -

Phillip Meyer - - - Ditto- - Ditto -

Thomas Cooper - - - Ditto- - - Ditto -

Thomas Hope - - - Ditto - - . Ditto.

Alexr Ramsey- - - - Ditto - — - Ditto.

Willro Whetlione - - - Ditto - - Ditto

James Leedon - Extra Ditto - - Minute - -

3» 4 10 —

200----

40----

5 —

3<5 4

253 8 —

1,892-----

60 — —

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

35

m m m m 380 ___ j 76 10 . m 24 12 27818

2+ 12 — m *74 12 — 35 5 — - - - 139 7 —

- 80 — — 12 16 — 2 — — m 65 4 —

- m m m 50 - 1 5 — m 48 15 —

- m 40

mm* 4° 1 — - — m 39 — —

- m 79 >5 6 159 >5 6 15 6 — - - 144 9 6

m 18 13 6 58 *3 6 - - - 1 — — 57 13 6

m m 6rt 146 — — 15 6 — - - 130 14 —

- 5 10 — 45 10 — - - - 1 — — 44 10 —

m 200 — — 41 - 159 — —

» 5* — — - m - 1 5 — m 48 *5 —

} m s? 8 — — 2 8 l II 4 m m 85 H —

m . - 200 — — — 8 8 - - - 19-9 it 4

m - 4® — — 1 — — m m 39 — —

1 / 5 46 4 — - - - 1 — 6 m 45 3 6

- 35 288 8 — - - - 6 6 — m m 282 2 —

24 12 — 209 19 — 2,126 11 — >96 '4 4 19 7 10 ^4 12 — 1,885 16 10

60 1 10 8 1 10 56 >9 4

m m 35 — — — l 2 — 17 6 - - - 34 1 4

- - - 35 — — — 1 2 — 6 — 4 — 33 17 4

35 — — — 1 2 — *7 6 — 4 — 33 7 4

— - 35 — — — 1 2 — *7 6 — 4 — 33 *7 4

- 35 — — — l 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 17 4

- — 35 — — — 1 2 — *7 6 — 4 — 33 >7 4-

- 35 — — — 1 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 17 4

35 — — l 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 *7 4

- j# 35 — — — 1 2 — *7 6 — 4 — 33 7 4

35 — — — l 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 *7 4

35 — — — 1 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 17 4

- 35 — — — 1 2 — *7 6 — 4 — 33 *7 4

- 35 — — — 1 2 — 17 6 — - 4 — 33 4

- - 35 — — — l 2 — 17 6 — 4 — 33 7 4

- - 35 — — - — 1 2 — *7 6 ( — 4 — 33 7 4

35 6 *7 6 8 33 >7 4:

vn

n 3 £

1 ?11 §f~§

r o e.

26 Geo. III. 2 70 Januarii.

XI.

Officers Names.

ontinued

XII.

O

cp

n‘

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

oa

FT

Officers for the W ate r Guard.

Employments.

Will® Tankard Robert Rowley

Rich4 Edgcombe

Samuel Brou n -

Waldegrave Freenaantle

John Jarratt - -

Francis Strong -Rob* Wefkett - -

Alex. Sabery - - -John Kelley -

Nich4 Ridley -

Matthew Popplcwell

Will* Htrnter -Tho* Bennett -

John Rex - -

Jacob Newfon - - -Richard Monday - -

Herbert Edw4 Gibson -Rich4 Newman - -Henry Bacon -

Robert Speak -

John Hutchinson - -

John Kurtthalls - -

i homas Sc riven . - \

Richard Burr - -

Edward I)avey Charles Munn - -

William Birch - -

Supervisor of Riding Officers at Hartford -

Riding Officer at Madam's Court Hill -

Waiter and Searcher to secure the Land from Bow Creek to Black wall -

Total of

By what Authority

appointed.

- - £.

Survr for build* and repair* Sloops, Ac. Exam* of Watdrg* Officers Journals, Infpr, Ac. of Ships in Greenld and Herring Fishery -

First Clerk to 1)° - . - -Another Clerk - - - - -Surveyor for the of

Navigation

Clerk to D° - -

Inspectors of the River

Minute. S.

The Inspector - - Ditto -

| Warrant -

The Surveyor

Warrant -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

'ifide Surveyors

Tide Waiters acting vfcyors - -

s bur

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, for Self, Deputies, and Clerks. Payments by the Principals, or other Officers, to the Deputies and Clerks. Amount of Fees, Hlier Allowances, and Gratuitiea, exduffve of Shafes of Seizures. Cross Produce of the Employment. Payments for Taxer. Payments to the Superannuation Fund. Payments to Deputies and Clerks. Other contingent Expences. Net Produce of ih* Employment.

£. 4. d. £. 4. d. £. *. d. £. a. d. £, *; d. £. *. d. £. r. d. £. $. d. — . £. s. d.

- 100 -: - 100 — 1 4 2 10 — - - mt - ► 97 8 8

50 — — - m — 50 - - 1 5 — rn m m r I — - 48 >5 —

- 40 - - . 40 39

810 - - 810 — 2 10 — 20 5 — - - 3 4 — , + 00

f ,3° I -

i 100 — — r 330 2 10 — - - 70 1 9 6 256 — 6

I 10a J -

r 1 - 40 84 — 124 _ m_ . _ — — m 124, — —

30 - 30 30

- 120 - 352 13 G 47* >3 6 25 10 — 2 10 — 20 — — 5 5 6 4<9 8 —

- . 20 68 7 9 Ol r>. 00 00 1 — 8 . - - _ — - 87 7 *

J 100 \

i icy 10- — f ‘ 20 139 10 ~ 20 IO — 2 10 — - j 116 10 —

119 10- r _ [ 20 139 F° — 20 IO — 2 10 — - - - 1 10

119 10 — 20 139 I® — 20 IO — 2 10 — - - 116 10 —

119 10 — 20 139 I® ~ 20 IO — 2 10 — - m m 116 10 —

' 60 \ - . ' *

20 17 — r ‘ 50 — — 130 17 — 1 10 8 1 10 — 34 19 4 91 17 —

66 3 - - 66 3 — 1 10 8 1 10 — * - 63 4

71 11 52 123 11 — 1 12 6 1 10 — 36 >7 — 83 11 6

71 IV — 4° 5 — 111 16 — 1 VI — 1 10 — - - — 2^ H — 85 1-

ft 2- 40 115 2 — 1 15 — 1 10 — 28 15 — 83. 2 —

66 — — 53 119 1 11 — 1 10 — 24 13 ~ 91 7 "

72 54 126 1 11 — 1 IO — - - 39 4 — 83 —

79 30 109 1 15 — 1 10 — 34 6 — 71 9 ""

73 4 — 47 — 120 4 — 1 12 6 1 10 — 34 10 — 82 11 6

60 44 4 6 104 4 6 1 12 6 1 10 — 32 — 6g, —

73 >9 — 49 *5 6 123 14 6 1 12 6 1 10 — 38 1 — 82 1 r —

63 46 109 1 12 6 1 10 — 35 10 — 70 7 6

60 44 6 104 2 6 1 12 6 1 10 — 33 18 — 67 2 —

73 34 107 1 7 6 1 7 6 5 — 68

79 30 109 1 15 — 1 IO 34 6 — 71 9 —

68 4 — 48 — Ji6 4 — 1 IO 6 1 7 6 23 19 — 89 7 —

66 57 9 — 123 9 — 1 12 — 1 10 33 19 — 86 8 —

L

Os

2 70 Januarii. A. 178

D

(Q

n"

CD

Q_

O"

o

o

o

w

rT

s*

M

XIII.

Roger Wright - -Peter Forman - -

Isaac Richard Robert Thomas Parlous - - , John Hill - - - - J J«»hn Carey -

Norris Sydfetr -

William* Da cod - -John Eales.

Seventy-two |

Officers for the Four and a Half per Cent, bufiuefs,

Seven

One hundred and Nineteen - -

Two

Three hundred and Fifty-six

Register for the Tide Wait Clerk to ditto -

Register for the Watermen -Surveyors at the Tower and St. Catherine's -

Tide Surveyor at Greenwich *

Dittb - - atBhckwall -

Ditto - - at Woolwich -

Ditto - - at Erith - -

Established Tide Waiters on the Superior Lift -

Ditto, who ad as Tide Survdydfs -

Ditto on the Inferior Lift

Ditto, who ad as Tidfe Stir veyors -

Preferable Tide Waiters

Fifty-six established Watermen - -Thirty-eight settled Preferable ditto Fifty-nine other Preferable ditto

Extra \Vatermen - -Extra Tide Waiters

Edmd Armftiong

Edw«» Stanley

Philip Gregson Will* Lawless -John Banfield -

James Hardy -

: :i

- - Ditto Minute -

- - Ditto

} Warrant - - Ditto a - Ditto -

- - Ditto

- - Ditto - - Ditto

\ - Ditto

Iridia Doty

- t)ltw

Minute -

Warrant -Minute -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto - Ditto

Total of Class XII. - - £.

'k

Per

anla-

Ilulband of the Cent. Duty from the lions ——

Examiner of his and Controller’s Accounts - -

Contr on the Husband -

Clerk to the Hufoand -

Cooper - -

Chief Weigher and Ware-house Keeper -

Lockers -

j-Warten!

| - - Ditto -

- - Ditto- -

Minute - -

- - Ditto

- Ditto- -

- - Ditto - *

Total of Class XIII.

Out of which dedud the Sum paid out of the Revenue of 4^ per Ceiit.

Remainder paid out

Customs*

50-----

30-----

40-----

40----

40-----

60 — —

40----

10-----

40----

40----

*,88o-----

i,t>sch L->-

12,460-----

1,864

L3»5 H

1,9*22 12

M94 6,5 *

9 — 6 6

5 6 1 6

35.9«t 4 —

166 *

250-----

100 — — 40-----

50 ^-----

10-----

36 4 —

"2 8 *< —

7l8 12 —

6lO — ---

108 12 —

ttf

t»

H

W

n

H

5 55 1 19 2 1 5 m 5 , - 46 15 10

- - So — — — — 8 — 15 — m - *9 4 4

V - 40 — — — — 8 1 — m - - 38 19 4

40 — — — — 8 1 — — - 16 4 — 2« 15 4

11 17 — 51 >7 — — — 8 1 — — 28 1 — 22 15 4

m - 60 — — 1 10 — 1 10 — - 57 — —

m - - 5° — — — — 8 1. — - - - do >9 4

to — - 40 — — — — 8 1 — — - - s« 19 4

- - 40 — — — — 8 1 - 38 19 4

- - - 3>9&> — — 4 16 — 72 — — - 4 - - - 3.883 4 —

s Acting Til JO Surveyors.

a - - - 4.^5 — — 7 18 8 104 2 6 A - 4 - - 4.052 18 10

1 Acting Tii id Surveyors.

- - 4 - 12,460 - 311 10 — 4 - - .2,148 10 —

k - , 4 w - 1.864 9 — i 17 4 45 16 7i 4 2 16 — 1,813 >9 — 1

- - k - L3*5 *4 6 1 5 4 3* 17 10 4 1 18 — .1.279 13 4

A 4 - 1.921 12 6 - - 48 1 3 4 - 4 - 1,874 14 3

- - k - M94 5 6 DI94 5 6

- - - 6,512 11 6 0,512 11 6

90 1,321 14 9; 37-3^ 18 9 *'5? 16 2 661 13 90 — — ?85 9 4 i 35,828 — -Hr

k ' 160 12 1 4 k 147 *8 6

c c —

k- - . - 250 — , 4* 15 — - 1 - to - - US’ 203 5

- - , 6 16 a 166 16 6, i 1 4 o? 1 ? 101 15 2

- - d 16 6 46 16 6 — — 8 - - - - - 1 3 46 15 10

- 50 — — — — 8 [ 49 *9 4

m > _ - / 10 — — . - - - — 5 — - * - - — 9 *5 —

- - - I 36 4 — 6 8 ' ' — 18 — 1 - k - - 3 P?13+ 19 4

- - r - 72 8 12 *- 1 t 16 *- - - 4. - 3 r»5 5 70

- — \ >3 13 — 73. 5 - K>4 17 8 2 *9 — ’ 664 8 4

- - 13 *3 613 IS — 1 «8 >9 — ' — 5 — " . r m V 559 9 —

- - - 198 12 — 18 8' 2 l4 - - to - - - 104 19 0

g

O -r*U c O

X ¥

c E. 5 *

1

Os

o

tu

O

Si

1

4*

Ff?

>« 53*?

« 3 § 2 "o x 5 2 - § ff 8 ft

ABSTRACT of the TOTALS.

(Q

P-'

n'

8.

c

o

o

c§

3

o

f — " — , v' 4 s

Salaries and Payments by the Amount of Fees,

Allowances from Principals, other Allowances, Cross Produce Payments for to the Super- Payments Other Net Produce

the Crown, for Self, or other Officers, and Oratuities, of the Taxes. animation to Deputies contingent of the

Deputies, to the Deputies exclusive of Shares Employment. Fund. and Clerks. Expences. Employment.

and Clerks. and Clerks. of Seizuies.

£. t. £. s. d. £.s. d. £. $. d. £. t. d. £. t. d. £. #. d. £. 1. d. £. «. d.

CLASS I. 15,194 11 3 m m m 1,808 2 6$ 17,002 13 9$ 2,413 15 8 28 70 234 5 6 14,25612 7}

II. Section l. - - - 4.39016 gi 1,217 3 3 . 5,608 $ 521 9 10 1 5 — 1,217 3 3 110 15 — 3-757 6 ni

— 2. - - - 6,76a 6 11J 2,318 12 — 508 9 6 9.589 8 5J 819 10 10$ 1 10 — 2,068 12 — 122 1 8 6,577 13 "i

— 3. - - - 4.3*8 17 4 1,068 4 — 112 18 6 5,499 *9 10 762 14 — 12 1,068 4 — 88 16 — 3,568 5 9$

— 4- - - 3,040 369 1,806 11 10 5,215 11 10 764 18 8 3 429 55 5 U 3.963 7 3

— 5- - - 1,720 456 H 15 — 2,190 15 — 329 12 — . 450 8 1,403 3 —

m. - — . i.. . - 950 894 — 4.459 10 4 6,303 12 4 354 H — - 914 2 — 139 19 8 4,894 16 8

— - 2. - - - 1,693 8 lo 1,326 8 10 6,192 5 9,212 3 2$ 425 2 61 6 i,34i 8 i« 82 17 2 7.356 14 8

3- - - - 4*4 3 4 333 10 — 8,321 11 7 9,139 4 11 264 3 8 3 363 IO — 419 17 — 8,088 14 3

— . 4. - - - 980 31a 14 — 84I 19 1 2,134 13 1 '49 6 4 18 5 — 60 2 19 6 1,904 2 3

IV. 19,281 4 8 . 16,971 6 6j 36,252 11 2$ 1,481 12 7 325 — k 741 *5 u 33.704 — H

V. 3.875 *7 6 1,440 — 13,880 l 4 19,196 — 10 747 13 2 15 9 6 1,291 19 6 707 10 — 16,433 8 8

VI 3.548 a 319 12 10 1,318 18 6 5,186 19 6 195 18 5} 29 2 6 319 12 10 154 9 8 4,489 l6 — $

VII. 550 151 16 — 460 16 6 1,162 12 6 64 10 — . 176 16 — 4 19 — 916 7 6

VIII. ..... 958 128 2,487 18 2 3.573 >8 2 36 4 — 20 15 — 108 73 18 7 3,335 — 7

IX. 4,293 18 6 90 3,362 9 4 7,746 7 10 185 8 10 93 18 6 90 7 18 - 7,369 2 6

x. 1.89* 24 12 — 209 19 — 2,1*6 11 — 196 14 4 i» 71° 24 12 — . 1,885 16 10

XI 8lO 810 2 10 — 20 5 — - 3 4 — 784 —

XII. 35,9H 4 — 90 1,3^1 H 9 37,322 18 9 157 i° 2 66l 13 2^ go 585 9 4 35,828 — 1

XIII 108 12 — - 108 12 — — 18 8 2 14 — - . 104 19 4

£. 110,763 9 3i 10,539 16 n 64,079 8 185,382 14 3j 9,8741310 1,261 7 6{ 10,083 — 5 3,542 1 11 160,621 10 6$

Of which was paid, out of the Revenue of Customs 100,047 2 11$ - -

10,166 6 4 J,

55o

00

sj

o

OO

ON

26 Ge6. III.

27" Jamarii.

N*7.

The Examination of William Stiles, Esquire; taken upon Oath, April 18 th and 2 2d, May 25 th, June 2 2d and 27th, July 4th and 18th, August 5th, 8th, and 29th, and September ift, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Authorities by which the Officers of the Customs hold their Offices are, a Patent under the Great Seal; a Constitution under the Authority of the Board of Treasury, which is both a Nomination and an Appointment to the Office; the-Warrant of the Board of Treasury; and the Commission or Appointment of the Board of Customs pursuant to that Warrant, in which same the Officer derives his Authority from the Commission; these comprehend all the Officers paid upon the Establishment, and by Dormant Warrants. Others, called Incidental Officers, are appointed, some by the Commission of the Board of Customs only, under the Hands of Four of the Commissioners and the Seal of the Board, others by Order of the Board.

All the Deputies are appointed by the Patentees; but some of them must be approved by the Lords of the Treasury. An Appointment by Constitution, or by Warrant and Commission, or by Order of the Board, is, as he apprehends, an Appointment during Pleasure. The Salary received by the Officer is either that inserted in his Patent, Constitution, or Warrant, or referred to in those Instruments, or directed by the Order of the Board of Customs.

The Allowances are, some of them, Annual Additions to Salaries, others casual Payments for special Services; and are grounded either upon the Warrant of the Treasury, or the Order of the Board of Customs. The Fees received by many of the Officers are grounded either upon Acts of Parliament or Usage: There are other Officers who demand and receive under the Name of Fees, certain Sums for particular Branches of Business. Each Office has, or is directed to have, a Table of Fees hung up in it. Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, include all the Emoluments of the Officers of thp Costnms. pvclnfivp. of their Shares of Seizures, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures.

The Commissioners of the Customs, upon receiving the Precepts of this Board for Accounts of the Profits of the Officers of the Customs, issued their Orders to the proper Officers in every Department, both in London and at the Out Ports, to make a Return to them conformable to those Precepts.

The Establishment of the Officers is made out every Quarter, for every Department- in the Port of London, and for every Out Port. The Salary appointed to be paid to each* Officer upon the Establishment consists of his original Salary, and any Allowance by Warrant that may have been made to him subsequent to his Appointment.

All the Officers not upon the Establishment, except those paid by Dormant Warrants, are entered upon the Quarterly Incidental Lift, with the Salaries or Allowances payable to each; those who receive their Salaries by Dormant Warrants are chiefly Patent Officers, and are paid by the Receiver General, pursuant to those Warrants, without the Interference of the Board of Customs. Some of the inferior Officers, who are upon Day Pay, are paid Monthly, or oftener.

One of the Allowances to certain of the Officers, both in London and at the Out Ports, is for the Quarantine Service. The Privy Council transmit to the Board of Customs the Intelligence they receive concerning the Plague, and the Orders they make relative to the Quarantine Service, grounded upon the Act of Parliament; the Board of Customs communicate that Intelligence, and issue Copies of the Orders to the principal Officers, both in London and at the Out Ports, enjoining them to carry those Orders into drift Vol. 41.

Execution; these Officers superintend the Execution by Fourteenth the Officers of the Water Guard, and transmit to the RePort]. Board from Time to Time an Account of their Proceedings, with their own Observations; the Board transmit to the Privy Council such of them as are necessary, and with such Observations as occur to them i This Service not being a Part of the general Business of the Customs; Allowances are made to those Officers employed in the Execution, by Warrants of the Treasury issued at different Times, of which the Warrant of the i 9th of December 1722 was, as he apprehends, the first. Every Year the Board of Customs send to the Treasury a Memorial, inclosing a List of the Officers entitled to this Allowance, and the Sum to be paid to each, with the N umber of Ships put under Quarantine in the Course of the Year, and the Service performed by the Officers, and craving the Payment of those Sums: The Treasury, by their Warrant, direct the Receiver General to pay the Sums to the Persons inserted in that Lift.

Another of the Allowances to certain Officers, both in London and at the Out Ports, is a Poundage upon the Gross Produce arising from the Sale of Tea, Coffee, and Spirits, seized, condemned, and fold, which are called the Enumerated Goods; this Allowance is grounded upon an Order of the Board of Customs, dated the 9th of May 1728, and is intended as a Compensation to some of those Officers who are concerned in the Custody, Sale, and keeping the Accounts of the Seizures; This Poundage is paid out of the Gross Produce of Seizures, which uled to be a productire Branch of the Revenue. But an Act of the last Session9 directs all Spirits seized to be destroyed; and the Poundage upon Tea and Coffee will probably be done away by the Commutation Tax, and by the Reduction of the Duties upon Coffee.

The Office of Secretary of the Customs consists of the Secretary, the Western and Northern Clerks, the Plantation Clerk, the Clerk in the Bond Office, Thirteen other Clerks, and One Supernumerary.

The Secretary of the Customs is appointed by Constitution; his Annual Salary is Six hundred and Fifty Pounds, composed of Four hundred Pounds by his Constitution, One hundred and Ninety Pounds by Warrant, and Sixty Pounds by Order of the Board.

He receives by Warrant from the Treasury, for the Quarantine Service, Twelve Shillings for every Ship put under Quarantine^ except Men of War and Transports; this Allowance amounted, in the last Year, to One hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

He is allowed, by Minute of the Board, dated the 9th of May 1728, a Poundage upon the Grols Produce of the Enumerated Goods. This Poundage is Two Fifths of One Penny in the Pound on the Sum arising from the Sale; and in the last Year produced Two hundred and Thirty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence.

The Secretary receives likewise Five Eighths of the Fees which are inserted in a Table hung up in his Office, and

frounded upon Usage; and an Annual Gratuity of Ten founds from the East India Company, for the Trouble they give to the Office: This contains all the Emoluments received by the Secretary; they amounted in the last Year to One thousand Five hundred and Eighty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, which Sum was reduced, by the Payment of One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence for various Taxes, to the Net Sum of One thousand Four hundred and Fourteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings.

The Duty of the Secretary is constantly to attend the Board, to read to them the Minutes of the preceding Day, and all the Reports of the General Surveyors upon the Charges referred to them against the London Officers; to read and state to them Variety of References, Petitions, and Letters; to take their Orders and Directions relative to those Applications; to draw up many of their Reports; to see that the Petitions are

O referred

K*

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

5 o cl*]* jaA. 17 86.

referred to the proper Officers, and that the Minutes are correctly drawn up pursuant to the Orders of the Board; and to iuperintend the Business of all the Clerks in his Department. Besides the Correspondence with the Public Offices, the Board receive and answer Annually, upon an Average, near Ten thousand Petitions for the Port of London only, containing frequently difficult Points of Law or Practice, and from the Out Ports, near Nine thousand letters, upon many of which the Directions given by the Board are conveyed by the Secretary; he alone is like wife intruded by the Board to convey from them to the Officers all secret and confidential Intelligence, Orders, and Resolutions. He receives and answers continual Applications from Persons attending upon Business at the Custom House. His own Attendance there is daily, Holidays frequently not excepted, and generally for Nine or Ten Hours in a Day.

Upon every Nomination to an Office by Warrant of the Treasury, Search is made, by Order of the Board of Customs, whether the Person named, whatever the Office may be, has ever been in the Service, and dismissed; if he has, the Warrant is returned to the Treasury, dating the Objection, and the Person as inadmissible: Upon the like Nomination of a Collector, the Board of Cudoms make no Objection to appointing him, unless for having been dismissed the Service: Upon the like Nomination of a Landing Surveyor, Landing Waiter, and Coad Waiter, the Board direct an Enquiry, whether they have been instructed in the Duty of those Offices, if not, the Two fird are put under Indructions for Six Months, and the lad for Two Months; and upon producing, after the Expiration of that Time, a Certificate from the proper Officers, that they are duly qualified, and not until then, they receive their Appointment: Upon the like Nomination to inferior Offices, the Board direct an Enquiry into their Age and Qualifications; and if Objections arise, they return the Warrant to the Treasury, and date the Objections. Persons have been frequently appointed to the Offices of Collector, Deputy Controller, Deputy Cudomer, and feme other Offices requiring a Knowledge in the Cudoms, without having had any previous Indructions, and being utter Strangers to the Duties of their Office. The Hours which are at this Time considered as the legal Office Hours for transacting Business, are the same as were settled by the Rules and Orders annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage.

The Office of Inspector of Prosecutions was originally instituted for the Purpose of taking Care that the King’s Share of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, was duly paid into the Exchequer, when cqpimon Informers had the Power of proceeding in the Court of Exchequer for the Recovery of them. The Act of the Twelfth of George the Fird, Chapter the Twenty-eighth, took away this Power from common Informers, and confined it solely to his Majesty’s Attorney General and Officers of the Revenue.

There used to be Seven Local Surveyors General, whole Duty it was to inspect the Conduct of the Officers in particular Didricts. The Board being of Opinion that these Officers did not answer the Purposes of their Indifution, in the Year 1771 represented the same to the Treasury by Memorial, and proposed the Abolition of these Offices as they should become vacant, and that in lieu of them there should be Four General Surveyors resident in London, who should be sent out occasionally, by Order of the Board, to inspect the Conduct of the

Officers at the Out Ports, and to examine all Complaints referred to them against Officers, as well in London as at the Out Ports. The Board of Treasury made an Order accordingly; since which Four of the Local Surveyors General are, as he believes, dead, and their Offices abolished.

The Superannuation Fund has been long established in the Office of the Cudoms, in Consequence of Memorials from Time to Time by the Board of Cudoms to the Treasury, and of their Warrants pursuant to those Memorials.

It is composed of Deductions from the Pay of certain Officers, chiefly, those oK the inferior Clatfes, both in London and at the Out Ports, and of all Mulcts impeded upon Officers: If the Officer is upon the Eltablrshment,-it is a Poundage of Six Pence in the Pound upon his Gross Salary, and deducted from it of Course at the Time of Payment: If the Officer is upon the Incidental Lid, it is, as he apprehends, optional, whether he will contribute or not to this Fund; if he consents, the same Poundage is deducted out of his Pay.

The Emolument the Officer derives from his Contribution to this Fund, is an Annual Payment during his Life, in Proportion to his Salary or Pay, upon his being deemed unfit to be continued in the Service, from Age or Infirmities; but to entitle him to this Annuity he mud be upwards of Sixty Years of Age, and have contributed for Ten Years to the Fund (unless disabled sooner by feme extraordinary Accident in the Execution of his Duty); he mud have behaved well, and have no other Means of Subsidence. The highed of these Annuities is Thirty Guineas, the lowed Ten Pounds. One of the Tables of Fees established by Act of Parliament in the Customs, returned to this Board, is signed by the Bench Officers in the Long Room, and was transmitted to the Secretary as a Copy of the Table hung up in that Room; the other Four are Tables for the Ports of Hull, Chester, Bristol, and Great Yarmouth; these are copied from an ancient Book at the Custom House, and appear to have been transmitted thither from those Ports many Years ago. He does not find, upon Inquiry, that there are any other Tables of Fees established by Act of Parliament to be found in the Custom House. Complaints are frequently made to the Board, by the Merchants and others, relative to Fees demanded of them by Officers of different Descriptions, and Complaints by feme Officers against other Officers, for receiving and withholding their Fees; these Complaints are referred to the General Surveyors for Examination, and upon their Report the Board decide. The Compensation for Extra Duty, under the Act of King William, is generally settled between the Officer and the Merchant; but there have been Complaints to the Board against the Demands of the Officers for this Kind of Service.

W. Stiles.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRoe.

N*

z6 Geo. III.

Januaru.

No. 8.

A LI ST of the Offices of the Customs, holden by Letters Patent, the Date of each Patent, with the Names of the Oncers in Possession of the said Offices, and their respective Interest therein.

OFFICE.

Collector Inwards

and]

J

Collector Outwards

Comptroller Inwards Outwards Surveyor General Surveyor - -

Surveyor of the Out Ports -Collector of the Petty Customs] Inwards - - -J

Customer of the Cloth and! Petty Customs Outwards -J

Comptroller of the said Duties] Inwards and Outwards -J

Collector of the Great Cuf- toms on Wool and Leather exported - - -J

Comptroller of the said Duties Ullier of the Custom House -Register of Warrants, &c. In-] wards -j

Register of Seizures -Chief Searcher -

NAME.

Sir Banks Jenkinson, as Heir"! to Sir Rob' Jenkinson -j

Under Searchers

Searchers at Gravesend

‘1

Commissioners -

Receiver General Comptroller General -Register General of all Trading] Ships belonging to Great Britain - - -J

Inlbector of the Out Port"] Collectors Accounts -J Inspector of Prosecutions -

Vol. 41.

George, Duke of Manchester

Henry, Duke of Newcastle -

Thomas, Baron Pelham Henry, Lord Stawell -Robert Thomplbn, Esq.

Thomas Meggs, Esq.

Perry Player, Esq. -Lane* Harrison, Esq.

Fred. Augusta Barnard, Esq.

Rich. Williams, Esq. -William Varey, Esq.

Heneage Legge, Esq.

Bryan Broughton, Esq.

John Drouly, Esq.

Cha.-Churchill, Esq. -Phil. Westfaling, Esq.

Sir Harry Burrard, Bart. Francis North, Esq. -Henry Shelley, Esq.

Nath. Webb, Jun. Esq. Rich. Gee, Esq.

Rob. Hare, Esq.

Edward Hooper, Esq.

Henry Pelham, Esq. -Sir Wm. Mulgrave, Bart. James Jeffreys, Esq. -Thomas Boone, Esq. -Welbore Ellis Agar, , Esq. William Hey, Esq. -Sir S. Porten, Knt. -John Pownall, Esq. -Will. Melliffi, Esq. -Hugh Val. Jones, Esq.

DATE.

Peter Shaw, Esq.

Wm.. Eddington, Esq. Wm. Poyntz, Esq.

21 April 1784

19 July 1762

24 Jan. 1748

31 July 1773

8 Dec. 1759

9 Jan. 1765

21 March 1774 26 June 1761 29 June 1750

29 Jan. 1768

29 Sept 1768

9 Dec. 1767

17 Aug. 1765

140a. 1779

11 Dec. 1784

20 April 1761

19 Dec. 1765 27 Nov. 1780

10 May 1779 7 Aug. 1765

7 Aug. 1776

3 April 1761

30 Dec. 1748

4 July 1758 15 March 1763

18 August 1766 2 Dec. 1769

18 Dec. 1776

1 April 1782

12 Feb. 1785 18 Sept. 1765

20 July 1725

30 Aug. 1749

4 Dec. 1772 4 March 1761

Interest therein.

{To him and his Heirs, during the natural Life of Ch* Jenkinson. r To him and Heirs, during his Life and the Life of Charles Greville Montague, Brother to the Duke, commonly called Lord Montague, and the Life of the longer Liver vot them.

During Life.

During Life.

During Life.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Life.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Life. 1 During Pleasure.

) During Pleasure.

J

During Pleasure.

> During Pleasure.

During Pleasure. During Life.

During Life.

During Pleasure. During Pleasure.

King’s

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

fourteenth Report ou Public Accounts.

5*

2 70 Januarii.

OFFICE.

King’s Waiters

Sandwich.

Customer -‘Comptroller Searcher -

Chichester.

Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Southampton.

Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Poole.

Comptroller Searcher -

Plymouth.

Customer -Comptroller

Exeter.

Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Gloucester.

Customer or Collector Comptroller Searcher -

Bristol.

Customer Outwards Customer Inwards Comptroller Searcher -

NAME.

Rob. Smith, Esq.

Jof. Hud Ton, Esq.

Alleyne Fitzherbert, Esq. Charles Colins, Esq. -Cha. Bellingham, Esq. Tho. Wilson, Esq. -Tho. Philips Lamb, Esq. James Rodney, Esq. -James Lambe, Esq. -Wenman Nutt, Esq. -James Jones, Esq.

Wm. Burnett, Esq. -Henry Hastings, Esq.

Wm. Chambers, Esq. John Hervey Jenyns, Esq. Wm. Frafer, Esq.

Wm. Raven, Esq.

John Gwilt, Esq.

Wm. Downe, Esq.

Mat. Brettingham, Esq. Rob. Lathrop, Esq. -Wm. Hugefon, Esq.

Tho. Sanden, Esq. -Wm. Higgins, Esq. -Daniel Stow, Esq. ~

Wm. Brummell, Esq. Robt. Stannard, Esq. Jos. Sherer, Esq.

Nath. Bond, Esq. Christ* Oliver, Esq.

Bryan Cooke, Esq. -Geo. Marshal, Esq.

Rob. Hiude, Esq.

Phi. Denoyer, Esq. -Wm. MaChall, Esq.

John Pitt, Esq.

Sam. Woodcock, Esq. Gab. Harris, Esq.

Tho. White, Esq. Wm. Whitby, Esq. Pat. Brydone, Esq. Tho. Craufurd, Esq.

DATE.

23 June 1778

24 Dec. 1768 13 Jan. 1768

28 061. 1766 4 July 1778 18 May 1779 26 April 1769

2 April 1761 2 April 1761 20 Feb. 1775 22 Feb. 1770 2 April 1761 6 April 1761

29 Jan. 1785 17 Feb. 1779

2 April 1761 15 Feb. 1763 13 July 1776 6 May 1784

31 Aug. 1772 10 Mar. 1778 2 Nov. 1761

29 April 1761 18 March 1761 - - D# - -

9 May 1770 4 Nov. 1768 11 Nov. 1784

9 Mar. 1761 - - D° - -

2 Nov. 1765 16 Sept. 17G1

22 Jan. 1768 3 April 1761 30 August 1776

29 April 1761 13 March 1778 16 061. 1761

21 061. 1776 14 July 1775 27 Feb. 1782 9 June 1775

A. 1786.

bite rest therein.

- /During Pleasure.

- [Dmi

During Pleasure.

[During Pleasure.

[During Pleasure.

jDuring

_ jDuring

Pleasure.

Pleasure.

[During Pleasure.

[During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

Bridgwater.

26 Geo. III.

17° Januarii.

OFFICE.

Bridgwater:

Customer -Comptroller -

Cardiffe and Swanzey:

Customer or Collector Comptroller -Searcher -

Milford:

Customer -

Comptroller -

Ipswich:

Customer -Comptroller

Yarmouth:

Customer -Comptroller

Lynn Regis:

Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Boston:

Customer -Comptroller

Hull:

Customer -Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Carlisle:

Customer -Comptroller Searcher -

Newcastle:

Customer Outwards Customer Inwards Comptroller Searcher -

NAME.

Ja* Mingay, Esq.

Tho. Phelps, jun. Esq.

Jn° Osborn, Esq. Brook Boothby, Esq. Edm* Traherne, Esq.

Ja' Piggott, Esq. Rich. Williams, Esq.

Sam. Wollaston, Esq. Will. Clarke, Esq.

Hen. Negus, Esq. -Geo. Thompson, Esq.

Rob. Hales, Esq. Phil. Cafe, Esq. Nich. Lee, Esq.

Triftram Twell, Esq. Herbert Ingram, Esq.

Rich. Moorefon, Esq. Marm. Best, Esq. Portius Smith, Esq. -Ch* Wm. Michel, Esq.

Benson Fearon, Esq. -Peter Garrick, Esq. -Wm. Brownrigg, Esq.

Rob. Williams, Esq. Wm. Charlton, Esq. -Cha. Turner, Esq. -Geo. Ramus, Esq.

DATE.

21 May 1768 -Ditto -

9 May 1770 2 May 1761 6 Apr. 1761

6 April 1761 17 June 1780

4 Feb. 1779 -12 Nov. 1773 -

11 Apr. 1761 -19 Jan. 1779 -

25 July 1772 -30 Mar. 1761 -13 Mar. 1778 -

29 Apr. 1761 21 May 1784

26 July 1770 li Apr. 1761 13 July 1776 15 Jan. 1782

27 Feb. 1773 8 Apr. 1761 6 D* 1761

27 Feb. 1773 8 Apr. 1782 25 July 1772 19 Dec. 1783

►During Pleasure.

lute rest therein*

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

j-During

Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

jDuring

Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

[During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

53

Fourteenth Report ou Public Accounts.

Vol. 41.

Berwick

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

54 4 70 Januarit. A. 1786

OFFICE. NAME. DATE. Interest therein.

Berwick:

Customer -Comptroller -Searcher - David Stow, Eftp John Constable, Esq. John Bume, Esq. 1 Pek 1764 - -iiNbv. 1767- -7 Oa 1772 - jDuring Pleasure-

Chester:

Customer - -Comptroller -Searcher - John Pelham, Esq. Jn* Burgoyne, Esq. Jer. Robinson, Esq. 8 Apr. 1^61 - - 9 May 1770 - 12 oa. 1775 - During Pleasure.

Stiles,

Custom House, Secretary.

20 June 1785.

N* 9.

LIST of the Offices of the Customs granted in Rteversion, with the Dates of the Patents, the Names of the

Persons to whom granted, and their respective Interests therein.

Offices in Reversion. Dates of Patents. Persons to whom granted. Their respective Interests therein#

Comptroller in the Port of London - }a6 Aug. 1778- Earl of Guildford, and his Heirs - r During the natural Lives of Francis North and Frederick North, Esq", (Sons of Sir Frederick North, commonly called Lord North) and the Life of the longest ( Liver of them; to take place after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other Determination of the Interest in the said Office of Henry Duke of Newcastle, the present Comptroller.

Inspeaor of the Prosecutions in the Court of Exchequer, concerning un-customed and proliibited Goods - April 1782 - -< John Robinson and Henry Neville, Esq" (nOw commonly called Lord Neville) - - - - ' During the Term of the natural Life of John Robinson, and immediately after his Decease to the said Henry Neville, during the Term of {bis natural Life; to take place after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other Determination of the Right and Interest of William Poyntz, Esq. the present Inspector.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

24 June 1785. George Rote,

N* 10.

26 Geo. III. 27 0 Januar55

N* 10.

Memorial, 17th September 1722.

We have received your Lordships Warrant of the 17th of August last, for defraying the Expences relating to the Quarantine, which shall be duly obeyed; but we take Leave humbly to represent to your Lordships, that the Commissioners of the Customs being, by His Majesty’s Commands, intruded with the Care of the Quarantine in al! the Ports of England, and directed by the Council to examine the Particulars of every Ship’s Cargo, and the Growth, Product, and Manufacture of every Parcel of Goods on board Ships under Quarantine, and to make Reports thereof to your Lordships, or to tl»e Council, when required, and likewise obliged to give the necessary Orders to the Officers concerning the same; all which being a very great Addition of Business, and, as we humbly conceive, no Way relating to our Duty as Managers of the Customs; do therefore hope we may be in your Lordships favourable Consideration for such Allowance as youi Lordships think we may deserve for this extraordinary Service.

T.W. R.R J.S.

Custom House, London1,

6th July 1785. A true Copy.

W. Stiles, Secretary.

After our hearty Commendations.

Whereas, by our Warrant, to you directed, bearing Date the 17th August 1722, wre did authorize and iro-power you to cause all Charges and Expences whatsoever which had arisen or should arise, by Means of the Quarantine to be paid and defrayed out of the Old Customs under the Head of Incidents; and whereas, by your Memorial, bearing Date the 17th September last past, you have represented unto us, that the Care of the Quarantine in all the Ports of England was, by His Majesty’s Commands, intruded to you, and that you were directed by the Council to examine the Particulars of every Ship’s Cargo, and the Growth, Fro-duct, and Manufacture of every Parcel of Goods on board Ships under Quarantine, and to make Reports thereof to us, or to the Council, w hen required, and likewise obliged to give the necessary Orders to the Officers concerning the same; which being a very great Addition of Business, and as you conceive no Way relating to your Duty as Managers of the Customs, you have denred such Allowance as we shall think you may deserve for this extraordinary Service: Now we, having taken the Premises into our Consideration, do think it reasonable and fitting, that an Allowance, after the Rate of 200 L per Annum, be made to each of you, the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, for such your extraordinary Service, Care and Pains; and that the said Allowance to each of you be made to commence from the 25th Day of August 1720, being the Day of the Date of His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for Performance of Quarantine, and.be continued to each of you until such Time as Quarantine shall, by His Majesty’s Command, cease to be performed: These are therefore to authorize and direct you to give Warrants to the Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty's Customs, for paying to yourselves not only lb much as has incurred on the said Allowance of 200 per Annum each, from the said 2.5th Augmt vyio to the 25th Day of November last past, 1722, but also of such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall become due and payable from Time to lime on the said Allowance, alter the Rate of 2001, per Annum each, from the said 25th Day of November last past, until the Vol. 41.

Performance of Quarantine be ceased as aforesaid. And whereas the Secretaries and Chief Clerks of the Treasury have, on this Adair of Quarantine, had their Share of extraordinary Service, and have fbrbom, in so calamitous a Cafe, to take and receive any Fees for the many Petitions, Warrants, and other Things which have passed the Treasury concerning the same; wherefore we think it very reasonable and fitting to allow to the said Secretaries and Chief Clerks the Sum of i,ooooL as well in consideration of such their extraordinary Service, as to recompence the Remission of their feid Fees, which, if taken, would have amounted to a greater Sum: These are therefore to authorize and direct you to give Warrant to the said Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs, to pay to Christopher Esquire, for the said Secretaries and Chief Clerks, the said Sum of 1,000 /. accordingly; and you are to cause all the Monies which shall be paid in pursuance hereof to be satisfied by the said Receiver General and Cashier out of the Old Customs, and placed to Account of Incidents, in like Manner as other the Charges paid by virtue of our Warrant afore-recited are placed: And for so doing this shall be to you, as also to the said Receiver General and Cashier, having proper Acquittances for his Payment, and all others concerned in passing and allowing such Payments upon his Accounts, a sufficient Warrant.

R. Walpole,

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, Geo. Bail/ie,

the 19th December 1722. Cha. Turner.

To our very loving Friends,") the Commissioners of His >

Majesty’s Customs. J

Custom House, London,

6th July 1785.

A true Copy.

W. Stiles, Secretary. '

N* 11.

After our hearty Commendations.

Whereas, by the several Acts of Parliament for granting and continuing the Coinage Duties, there is a Power to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to reward the Collectors of the said Duty in the Port of London, and the several Out Forts, the Receiver General of the Customs, and the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs, for their respective Services, Salaries, and Allowances, with a Sum not exceeding 12 in the Pound, out of the Money collected by the said Acts respectively: And whereas, by several Warrants from the Treasury, the said Allowance of 12 d.in the Pound hath been distributed in the Manner following; viz. To each Receiver in London, and each Collector in the Out Ports, 4 per Pound, for the Money by them respectively received upon Account of the said Duty; to the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs, 4 d. per Found; and to the Receiver General and Cashier of the Customs 4 d.per Pound: These are therefore to require and authorize the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England, now, and for the Time being, to allow, from Time to Time, to each Receiver in the Port of London, and to each Collector in the several Out Ports, 4 in the Pound in their Accounts, for so much as they have or shall respectively receive for the said Duty; and that 4 d. in the Pound upon all Money that hath been or shall be received by you, the Receiver General of the Customs in England, now, and for the Time being, upon

Fourteenth Report ob Public Accounts.

56 27° Januarii. A. 1786.

Fourteenth

Report on Public Accounts#

the said Duties, be from Time to Time paid by you to the said Comptroller General, for his Pains and Charges in that Affair; and that you, the Receiver General of the Customs in England, now, and for the Time being, do from lime to Time detain in your Hands the other 4 d. in the Pound for your Paius, and the Charge of Passing your Accounts of the said Duties; and that you, the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, and either of you, before whom the Accounts of the said Duty shall pals, do from Time to Time give Allowance upon the said Accounts during the Continuance of the said Acts, as well of the 4 d. per Pound directed to be allowed to

the several Receivers and Collectors of the said Duty in London and the Out Ports, as of the per Pound directed to be paid to the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs, and of the per Pound directed to be detained by you, the Receiver General, now, and for the Time being; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

13th December 1714.

To our very loving Friends, the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs now, and for the Time being; and to the Comptroller General of the I Accounts of the said Customs; and to the Auditors of Ira-prefts, or either of them, now, and for the Time being, and all others herein concerned.

J

Custom House, London

13th July 1785.

A true Copy.

W. Stiles, Secretary;

Halifax,

W. St. Q Edw. Wort ley.

to each Comptroller, or his Deputy, Three Pence, in the Pound on the Grols Sale.

And for such Goods as are seized in the Out Ports, and sent up to London to be sold, to each respective Collector, One Penny, and to each Comptroller a Halfpenny, in the Pound, out of the Gross Sale.

That the Person appointed to receive the Money from the Collectors, and pay it into the Exchequer, be allowed Three Pence in the Pound on the Sum he receives, and the Comptroller on him One Penny Half-penny in the Pound.

Officers for London and Out Ports.

That the Secretary and his Clerks be allowed One Penny in the Pound on the Gross Sale; viz. for himself 2-,5ths; for the Western and Northern Clerks, each x-5th; to the Copying Clerks 1 -5th. '

That the Accomptant be allowed, for himself and Three Clerks, Three Pence Half-penny in the Pound on the Gross Sale; out of which 135/. per Annum is to be paid to Three Clerks as the Accountant shall direct.

That the Register of Seizures be allowed Five Shillings for every Indenture of Appraisement.

As to the Charges of Prosecution, and for Carriage of Goods, and other petty Expences, they are to be paid for from Time to Time by particular Orders.

Custom House, London, 8th July 1785.

J.H.

A true Copy.

W. Stiles, Secretary.

N* 13.

Memorial, 21st August 1699.

N* 12.

Copy of the Board’s Minute, dated the 9th May 1728.

The Commissioners took into Consideration the same of Seizures of Enumerated Goods by the Act 12 Geo. lit. in order to make Allowances to the several Officers concerned, out of which they must pay 6 in the Pound towards the Civil List Fund; viz.

Officers in London.

The Collector Inwards has, by Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 21st July 1727, Fifty Pounds per Annum, for Clerks for this Service for his Deputy in the Warehouse; but he is willing to relinquish that, and accept of Two Pence in the Pound on the Gross Sale in lieu thereof. — To which the Commissioners agree.

That the Comptroller of the Warehouse be allowed One Penny in the Pound on the Grols Sale.

That the Surveyor of the Warehouse be allowed Two Pence in the Pound, and his two Assistants each a Penny in the Pound, on the Gross Sale.

That the Appraisers be allowed Two Guineas for each Indenture of Appraisement, as usual.

That the Surveyor of the Land Carriage be allowed Ten Pounds per Annum.

Officers for and of the Out Ports.

That there be allowed, for Goods fold in the Out Ports, to each respective Collector, Four Pence, and

The Commissioners having had under Consideration the settling the Allowances for Payment of the Officers in the Out Ports employed in the receiving and collecting the present Duty on Coals, upon looking into the Produce of the said Duty in the several Ports for a Year, from the Commencement thereof, which was the 15th May 1698, to the 15th May last, are humbly of Opinion, That there be allowed, for the receiving and accompting for the said Duty, arising in the Out Ports for the said Time, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, for the first One thousand Pounds, and One per Cent, for every Hundred Pounds afterwards; that is to say, where there has been received the Sum of One thousand Pounds, there be allowed the Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds whereof to be to the Collector, who has the Charge of receiving and accompting for the Money, and Ten Pounds to the Comptroller; and where the Sum of Two thousand Pounds has been received, there be allowed the Sum of Forty Pounds, Two Thirds whereof to be to the Collector, and One Third to the Comptroller, and so in Proportion; — which the Commissioners conceive will prove a reasonable Allowance for the Service afore-mentioned, and be considerably less than was allowed for collecting the former Duty on Coals: And there having been Occasion, in feme particular Ports, to employ feme of the Officers to inspect the Meters in Places where the Coals are delivered, being at distance from the ordinary Residence of the Officers, the Commissioners think it necessary to make them feme Allowance for their Care out of the same Duty, which they humbly hope their Lordships will approve.

And for Payment of the Meters, the Commissioners are of Opinion to pursue the former Method, and allow generally after the Rate of One Penny per Chalder, where the Meters are Corporation Meters, and where § otherwise

a6 Geo. III. 27° Januarii. 57

otherwise after the Rate of Two Pence per Chalder, except in some few Places, where the Coals being delivered at a considerable Distance from the Ports and common Place of Residence, it will be necessary to allow something towards the extraordinary Charge, which however will be no considerable increase thereof.

B. O. IVY.

After our hearty Commendations. — Whereas, in your Memorial of the 21st of August last, you have repre-fented unto us, that you have had under Consideration the settling the Allowances for Payment of the Officers in the Out Ports, employed in the receiving and collecting the present Duty on Coals; and upon looking into the Produce of the said Duty in the several Ports for a Year, from the Commencement thereof, which was from the 15th May 1698 to the 15th May 1699, you are of Opinion, That there be allowed for the receiving and accompting for the said Duty, arising in the Out Ports for the said Time, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, for the first Thousand Pounds, and One Pound per Cent, for every Hundred Pounds afterwards; that is to say, where there has been received the Sum of One thousand Pounds, there be allowed the Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds whereof to be to the Collector, who has tlje Charge of receiving and accounting for the Money, and Ten Pounds to the Comptroller; and where the Sum of Two thousand Pounds has been received, there be allowed the Sum of Forty Pounds, Two Thirds whereof to -be to the Collector, and One Third to the Comptroller, and so in Proportion; which you conceive will prove a reasonable Allowance for the Service before mentioned, and be considerably less than was allowed for collecting the former Duty. And you having likewise represented to us, that there has been Occasion, in some particular Ports, to employ some of the Officers to inspect the Meters in Places where the Coals are delivered, being at Distance from the ordinary Residence of the Officers; and that you think it necessary to make them some Allowance for their Care out of the said Duty.

And for the Payment of the Meters, you are of Opinion to pursue the former Method, and allow generally after the Rate of One Penny per Chalder, where the Meters are Corporation Meters, and where otherwise after the Rate of Two Pence per Chalder, except in some few Places, where the Coals being delivered at a considerable Distance from the Ports and common Place of Residence, it will be necessary to allow something towards the extraordinary Charge, which, however, will be no considerable Increase thereof: — We, approving hereof, do hereby direct you to cause (be said several Allowances to be made, as you have above proposed; and for so doing this shall be, to you and all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant

Cha.

Cockpit Treasury Chambers,

19th September 1699. ft Boyle.

To our very loving Friends,"! the Commissioners of His >

Majesty’s Castoms. J

Custom House, London,

14 July 1785.

True Copies.

W. Stiles, Secretary.

Vo 1. 41.

N* 14.

Memorial, 19 May 1758.

We beg Leave to represent to your Lordships, That by a Memorial of this Board, dated the 24th November 1709, to the Earl of Godolphin, then Lord High Treasurer, the Commissioners proposed (for the Reasons therein contained) that when the Receipt in any Port, under the Head of Customs, happened to fall short of answering the Charges of the Establishment in such Port, the Collector might be permitted to borrow from Money in his Hands, out of the Branches — Irnpost on Wine and Vinegar — Irnpost on Tobacco — Irnpost on East India and other Poundage Goods, from Christmas 1690 — New additional Impositions, from the ill March 1692-3 — and, the Duty on Whale Fins: And his Lordship, by his Warrant of the 25th April 1710, was pleased to agree thereto; and this Practice has been ever since pursued.

We further beg Leave to represent. That, as it frequently happens, that the Collectors of the Out Ports have not in their Hands, at the End of a Quarter, Money sufficient, arising by the Six above-mentioned Branches (called The united Branches) to pay the Salaries and incidental Charges of their Port, though the whole Receipt of the Port, upon all the Branches, may be more than sufficient for that Purpose: And this Practice having produced great Inconveniences and Confusion, the Board found it expedient to consult the Attorney General, whether they can or cannot by Law direct the whole Charges of Management to be paid out of the whole Receipt of the Thirty-seven Branches of which the Customs now conlift, or whether they are confined to pay the whole Charges of Management out of the Six Branches before mentioned; and he having given his Opinion in the following Words; vis.

" I conceive that the Charges of Management ought, " in Point of Law, to ifi'ue proportionably out of the " several Branches to which they are incident, all of " which, except only the Coinage Duty (which is otherwise provided for) are either expressly, or by Reference, or from the Nature of the Thing, burthened " with their own proper Charges, which Deduction is " incidental, and a primary Lien upon each Fund, to be " satisfied in the First Place, even if the Laws had been " silent in this Particular; but as the same Officers " are employed in all the Branches, it would be inconvenient and difficult to apportion the Management " of each upon that Branch, and make such a Piecemeal Payment; the Practice of Payment out of the " Branches, N* 1, has been followed for Convenience, " the Salaries having been first fixed upon them; but " I do not conceive that Practice is binding, but that " it would be just as legal to call the other Funds " in Aid to contribute their Quotas, if there should be " Occasion."

We therefore propose to carry the same into Execution, by applying all the Brandies (the Coinage Duty excepted) to the Charges of Management: And if your Lordships approve thereof, we humbly pray your Warrant accordingly.

C.A. B.H. E.H.

After our hearty Commendations. — Having perused the Memorial aforegoing, we approve thereof, and do hereby authorize and require you to give the necessary Directions to the several Officers of the Customs, to follow the Method therein proposed, for answering the Charge of Management in their respective Ports; for

Q which

Fourteenth Report en Public Accounts.

Fourteoath

Report on Public Accrual*.

58

which this shall be, as well to you as to all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant.

Holies Newcastle, Witehall Treasury Chambers, Barrington,

the 31st July 1761. Gilbert Elliot.

To our very loving Friends,! the Commissioners of His >

Majesty’s Customs. J

Custom House, London,

1371^1785.

True Copies.

IV. Stiles, Secretary.

Minute, 7th August 1761.

The Lords of the Treasury having, by their Warrant of the 31st Ultimo, upon the Memorial of this Board of the 19th May 1758, approved of the Payment of the Charges of Management in the Out Ports out of all the Branches of the Customs (except Coinage Duty) Copy of the said Memorial and Warrant is to be delivered to the Comptroller General, who is to consider and report to the Board in what Manner he thinks the same may be best carried into Execution.

Minute, 10th October 1761.

The Lords of the Treasury having been pleased to direct the Board to give the necessary Orders to their several Collectors in their respective Ports, hereafter to apply all the Branches of the Customs (except the Coal and Coinage Duties, and Six Pence per Pound to the Civil List) to the Charges of Management, the Six United Branches which have been hitherto applied to

1785.

this Purpose being found inefficient to answer die End, a general Letter is to be wrote to the several Collectors and Comptrollers in the Out Ports, to authorize and direct them to observe this Regulation for the future, and to defray the whole Expence of their respective Ports put of the whole Receipt in their Hands, so far as the fame, at the End of every Quarter, shall prove to be adequate thereto; but in case such Receipt should fall short of the Sum necessary for the whole Charge, they are to acquaint the Board therewith at the Expiration of each Quarter, and to crave an Ira-prest accordingly, which will be granted them upon the Collector Inwards in the Port of London: And they are like wile to be acquainted, that as the Board have thought fit to discontinue the Allowance of One Pound per Cent, for this Service, they are not for the future to crave such Allowance in their Accounts; and they are to observe, that this Order relates also to the present expiring Quarter, as far as they may be able, from the Money in their Hands, to answer the Directions of it; and Notice hereof is to be given to the Collector Inwards, and other proper Officers in this Port. — And the Board having taken into Consideration the extraordinary Trouble that will attend the Office and Clerks of the Collector Inwards, by the many Im-prefts to be paid Quarterly by them to the Collectors of the Out Ports, in consequence of the before-mentioned Regulation, the Commissioners have agreed to allow Mr. Andrew Reid, One of the Clerks under the Collector Inwards, the Sum of 50/. per Annum, upon Incidents on that Account, and an Order is to be prepared for paying the same from Time, to Time accordingly.

Custom House, London,

13/^1785.

True Copies.

JV. Stiles, Secretary.

37° Januarii.

N* 15.

FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies in the Port of London, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging; viz.

For the Officers of the Petty Customs Outwards: Custom. ComptT. Survey*. $urvr Gen1.

s. d. s. d. s. d. s.

For a Cloth Cocket, by British Freemen of London - — 6 — 4 — 4 — 4

For a Stranger’s Cocket, or Unfreemen - - - . - — 8 — 6 — 6 — 6

For a Cloth Certificate, by Strangers or British, to pals according to the old Rate ----- — 8 — 4 — 4 — 4

For a Ship’s Entry crossing the Seas - For a Ship’s Entry to the Streights, Canaries, or Western Islands - — 4 — 4 — 4 — 4

1 — 1 — 1 — 1 —

For clearing of Ships, and examining the Books - - - - For every Endorsement - - - For making a Bond to the King’s Majesty’s Use - For every Entry in the Certificate Book - To the Customer’s Clerks more, for a Cloth Cocket or Certifi- 1 — — 4 — 6 — 2 — 6 — 6 — 6

cate ------- For a Ship’s Entry crofting the Seas - - - — 6 — 4 — 2 — 2 — 2

Subsidy

a<5 Geo. III.

37° Januarii.

59

Subsidy Outwards:

For every Ship’s Entry within the or beyond the Streights

Mouth -

For every Ship’s Entry going to any other Foreign Parts -For every Ship’s Entry going to the Out Ports -For clearing of every Ship passing to Foreign Parts, and examining the Ship’s Contents -

For every British Cocket, by Freemen - , -

For every Stranger’s Cocket, or Unfreemen of London -For making every Certificate Cocket, as well British as Strangers, for Goods which paid Subsidy Inwards, and pay no Subsidy Outwards -

For every Certificate, upon Warrant from His Majesty or the Lord Treasurer, paying no Duties - -

For Endorsement of all Warrants and Licences -For a Foaring Bill, licensing such as bring in Victuals to carry out some Beer, as by Store -

Coast Sufferances to be given without Fees.

For every Coali Cocket Outwards, and entering in His Majesty’s Books, for a whole Ship or Vessel passing into the open Seas -For a Bond for the same -

For discharging the same Bond, and filing the Certificate to the Bond For making every Certificate of Return -

for Repayment of Half Subsidy, or other Sums of Money -For making and entering a Transire or Let-pass, from Port to Port, in Great Britain -

To the Clerks, for a Cocket, by British, or others -For a Ship’s Entry, eroding the Seas -

To the Clerk of the Coast Cockets, for making a Bill or Ticket to Lord Mayor, for Corn, Victuals, and other Provisions

CoHea*. Comptr Surveyor. Survr Gen1.

s. d. s. d. d. 3. d.

— 4 — 2 l — — 4 — 1 1 - 1 i 1 — — 4 — 1

1 — — 8 1 — - 6 — 4 — 6 1 1 1 0^ — 6 — 4 — 6

— 8 — 4 — 4 — 4

1 6 — 4 — 8 — 4 8 — 8

— 6 — 6 — 6 — 6

1 — — 6 - r — 8 — 4 — 8 — - 2 — 8 2

1 — 4 4 — 4

— 4 — 4 — 4 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2

— 4

Petty Customs Inwards:

For every Stranger’s Warrant -

For taking every Bond -

For every Bill at Sight - -

For discharging every Bond - -

For every Great Employment to employ the Proceed of Good

Customer. Compt*. Surveyor. Surv. Gen1.

4* d. s. d. s. d. s. d.

— 2 — 2 — r- 2 — 2

— 6 1 — — 4 — 4 — 4

- - - — 6 — 6 1 — 1 —

Subsidy Inwards:

For every Warrant by British Freemen of London -For every Warrant for Strangers or Unfreemen To the Clerk, for making the Shipper's Entry For making a Bond to his Majesty’s Use For every Oath administered by the Collector

Coll* Compt*. Surveyor. Surv. Gen*.

s. s. d. s. d. s. d.

— 4 — 4 — 4 — 4

— 6 1 — — 6 — 2 — 6 — 6 — 6

Vol. 41. For

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts. '

6o

270 Januarii.

A \ 178

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

For a Shipper’s Entry, with the particular Contents; viz.

From the East Indies ....

From the Streights -

From Spain, Portugal, and the West Indies, or British Plantations -From Dunkirk, or France -

From Flanders, Holland, Ireland, or any Eastern or Northern Parts -For every Ship or Vessel less than Twenty Ton -For every Stranger’s Ships Entry, to pay Double Fees.

For every Certificate of Foreign Goods imported, to be shipped out free of Subsidy, Eighteen Pence; which is understood Six Pence for the Search, although several Ships, and Twelve Pence for the Certificate - -

If the Goods be under the Value of Twenty Pounds, according to the Book of Rates, the Merchant is to pay for die Certificate,

in all, but . .....-

For examining and comparing every Debenture with the original Certificate - -

For a Certificate of Foreign Goods coming from any of the Out Ports to London, or from any other Port to Port within this Nation ——

For Goods sent to Sea by the Importer thereof, to any of the Out Ports, from London -

For casting up the Sum, and keeping an Account of every Debenture, and paying the Money -

For every Bale, Pack, Truss, Chest, Cafe, or other Package, brought into the King’s Warehouse, to be allowed to the Officer when the Merchant is short entered above Five Shillings, to be paid to the proper Officer, Two Pence.

Collect'. Comptr. Surveys Surv' Gen1.

s. d. 2 6 2 6 2 — 1 — 1 — — 8 1 6 — 6 8. d. 8. d. s* d»

— 4

— 6 — 2 — 2 — 2

— 6 — 8 — 2 — 2 — 2

Great Customs.

For a Cocket for Calves Skins - .

For a Coast Cocket Outwards of Wools, Wool Fells, Leather, Skins, and Hides For a Bond to His Majesty’s Use -

For filing the Return ——

For a Return and Discharge Outwards -

For the Packer, for telling and packing every Dacre of dressed Calf Skins, allowing Ten Dozen to the Dacre -

For packing every Dacre of undressed Calf Skins, and telling -

Two

r Customr. _. > Comptr.

S. d. 8. d.

2 — 1 —

2 — 1 —

1 — — 6

2 4 1 —

Packer.

— 6 — 6

Fees concerning several Officers, as well Inwards as Outwards, to be

paid to the Clerks.

For every Bill of Portage - -

For a Second or Parcel Cocket Outwards -

Cust'. Comptr. Survr.

s. d. s. d. 8. d%

— 6 — 3 — 3

— 2 — 2 — 2

To

2 6 Geo. III.

2 70 Januarii.

To the King’s Majesty’s Waiters, being in Number Eighteen.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Received in the Custom House above Stairs.

For every British Man’s Foreign Goods or Merchandizes, of what Nature soever, paying Custom or Subsidy Inwards in the Port of London, or coming thither from any Place or Port by Cocket -For every Stranger’s Foreign Goods in like Manner paying Custom or Subsidy Inwards in the same Port, or coining thither by Cocket For certifying every Cocket of British Goods brought up to London -

Received at the Water Side, by the said King’s Waiters, and others attending, to be divided as formerly.

For a Bill of Stores or Porterage for any Thing above Ten Shillings Custom ——

For a Bill of Sight, Bill of Sufferance, or any other imperfect Warrant -

For Wools, Wool Fells, Leather, Hides, and prohibited Goods, from the Out Ports by Cocket - - - -.

s. d.

l —

1 6

— 6

l

l

Register of the King’s Majesty’s Warrants.

For every British Warrant for the Goods Inwards -

For every Stranger’s Warrant -

For every Certificate Foreign ——

For all Goods not paying Twenty Shillings Custom, whether in or out, there shall be but Half Fees taken, whether for Warrants, Cockets, Transires, Deb", or Certificates.

2

4

4

To the Usher of the Custom Heufo. For every Oath administered by the King’s Officers Outwards

a

RULES which may serve for the Ports in general.

Whereas some Societies and Companies of Merchants do trade in a joint Stock, and enter the whole Lading and Cargo of a Ship Inwards in One single Entry; when the Adventurers therein concerned are many, the Officers and Waiters may take and receive such Gratuity as the said Company shall hereafter voluntarily consent to pay unto them, any Thing in this Order, or Table of Fees, or any other Act or Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Goods under the Value of Five Pound, in the Book of Rates, paying Subsidy the Sum of Five Shillings or less, shall pass without Payment of any Fees.

No British Merchant, that shall have Goods of his own to be landed out of One Ship or Vessel at One Time (although the Receipt of the Subsidy be distributed into several Offices) shall be charged to pay any more or other Fees than for a single Entry.

Goods in Partnership to pass as if the Proprietors were One single Person. Fish, by British, in British Shipping or Vessel, Towards or Outwards, or along the Coast, to pay no Fees.

Foreign Coin and Bullion Inwards may be landed by any Person, without Warrant or Fee.

Diamonds, Precious Stones, Jewels, and Pearls of all Sorts, to pass Outwards without Warrant or Fee.

Poll Entries Inward to pass without Fee under Five Shillings; if above Five Shillings, and under Forty Shillings, then Six Pence; but if the Custom to be paid exceed Forty Shillings, then it shall pay the full Fees as was paid for the First Warrant.

The Merchant shall pay for all Goods opening that shall be short entered above Ten Shillings Custom.

The Merchant shall pay for the weighing of all Goods that shall be short entered above Twenty Shillings Custom.

The Merchant not to be at any Charge if duly entered.

Whereas, by an Act of Parliament, intituled, " An Afifc for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Naviga- Act for tion," there is granted unto the King’s Most Excellent Majesty sundry Duties upon Strangers Vessels importing Nav, gatl0* Commodities not of their Growth; and thereby it is ordered, that such Shipping as pretend to enjoy the Privilege of British Shipping must be manned accordingly, whereby there is a Necessity of an Officer to be employed every Tide downwards, towards Gravesend, to visit all Ships, whether they be manned according to the said Act, as all'o to gauge French Ships, and take an Account of their Tonnage, and to give Certificates for making of Foreign Ships free, and taking Bonds for such as go to the Plantations; for effecting of which Business the following Fees are let and appointed, by the Authority aforesaid, to be paid, as well in all Out Ports as in the Port of London, and Creeks thereunto belonging; viz.

Vo

41.

It

For

62

2f Janmrii.

A. i 786.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

For gauging every French Vessel, in lieu of the Fee paid in France for gauging British Vessels there, as long as they continue this Duty For making a Certificate to make a Foreign Ship free, with sealing and registering the same -

For a Bond for Ships going to the Plantations - .

For every Entry of French Vessels, and for Bills to charge the Five Shillings per Ton on such Vessels ——

For a Certificate of Payment of Tonnage -

For every Entry of Goods liable to Duties by the Act of Navigation, which this Collector receives.

Collr.

Comptr.

s. d. 5 ~

s. d.

The FEES of the Chief Searcher, and of His Majesty’s Five Under Searchers, in the Port of

London.

DUTIES between the Chief Searcher, and His Majesty’s Five Under Searchers,

that attend at London.

For every Ship that passeth into Foreign Parts.

Spain, Portugal, the Streights, West Indies, Guinea, or the Western Islands ——

East India -

All other British Ships into Foreign Parts -

For every Stranger’s Ship or Bottom -

s. d. 6 — 10 — 4 — 6 8

DUTIES of His Majesty’s Five Under Searchers that attend at London.

British and Aliens.

To be paid by British and Aliens, for Goods that pay Subsidy, and pals out by Cocket or Warrant.

For Every Certificate for shipping out Goods formerly imported But if the Half Subsidy to be received back amounts but to Forty Shillings, then ——

r Pipe, Puncheon, or Butt -

Hogshead or Bag -.....-

Tin, the Block or Barrel -

Beereager, Wood of all Sorts, Copperas, Allum, and such Gross Goods, the Ton ——

Com, the Last; Sea Coal, the Chaldron; Beer, the Ton -

Lead, the Fodder -

The Maund, Fatt, or Pack -....

The Bundle, Bale, Chest, or same -

Raisins and Figs, the Twenty Frails or Barrels -

Butter, and such Goods, the Barrel -

For every Coast Certificate or Cocket - - - - 1

Transires for the Coast, free.

For every Ilorle, Mare, or Gelding -

For certifying every Debenture for receiving back Half Subsidy, &c.

For every Piece of Ordnance -

For the Indorsement of every Cocket -

For every Certificate out of their Books, of Goods loft at Sea, taken by Pirates, or returned, whereby lo much may be shipped Custom-

free - - -....

For every Bill of Sufferance or Store above ios. in the Book of Rates If under -

The Fardle or Trul’s, by British, of Three hundred Weight, or upwards -

Woollen Cloth, the Bale, not exceeding Five Cloths of Three hundred Weight, Stuffs, Bays, or Says -

2 — l —

- 4

— 2 — 1

6

3

3

2

— 6

Merchants Strangers, Unfreemen of London, or fThe Fardle or Truss -such as ship on Strangers Ships or Vessels, \T*ie Bale

— 6

— 6 — 3

l —

The

16 Geo. J.II

27° Jamarii.

63

Tile TEES of His Majesty’s Two Searchers at Gravesend.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tor every Ship that passeth over the Seas, for Spain, Portugal, Streights, the Indies, Guinea, or the Western Islands ....

Tor every Ship to the East Indies ....

Tor all other Ships into Foreign Parts -

Tor every Stranger’s Ship or Bottom -

Tor every Ship having a Coast Cocket -

Tor Passengers Outwards* not being Merchants nor Mariners -

Signed, by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 17th of May 1662,

E. Turner.

s. d. 6 — 10 —

4 — 8 —

— 4

— 6

IV. Suckling, Dr Coll'. J. Hume, Thd Fanshatv, D. S. G.

J. Metier, Dr Coll'. DepT Comp'. G. , D. S'.

No. 16.

TEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and Subsides, in the

Port of Bristol, and the Members and' Creeks belonging thereto.

RATES of Fees Inwards, to be paid by the Merchants free of the Hall to the Officers,

to be divided as formerly.

BRISTOL.

Tor the Presentnhent of every Ship or Barke with Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Entry and Warrant, English ....

For every Returh to a Coast Cocquet -

For every Bill of View, with Return - -

Tor Entry of a Barke from Port to Port -

For Entry of the Goods ——

Tor all Sorts of Certificates -

For all Bonds taken for His Majesty's Use - - - -

For examining every Foreign built Ship, whether belonging to Aliens; giving the Matter a Certificate of his being Cleared; registering, and returning up a Duplicate of the said Certificate

to London ....

For the Waiter’s Fee for endorsing every Cocquet ——

For the Waiter’s Fee on every Warrant -

£. s. d. ----6

2

1

4

4

1

1

1 —

4

6

RATES of Fees to be paid by all not free of the Merchants Hall in the Port of Bristol.

For the Preferment of every Ship or Barke not belonging to the City, but English For the Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Entry and Warrant, English ....

For all Sorts of Certificates -

For Return to a Coast Cocquet -

For Entry of a Vessel from Port to Port -

For Entry of Goods -

For all Bonds that shall be taken for His Majesty’s Use -

For the Presentment of every Alien’s Ship with Bond -

For every Stranger's Warrant ——

Aliens to pay Double Fees.

£. s. d.

— 16

— 1 6

— 3 —

— 1 4

— 68 — 2 —

Exd per Johan. Sharpe.

Signed, by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 17th 1662,

Ed. Turner.

Vol. 41,

RATES

64

270 Januarii. 1786.

Fourteenth Jteport n Public Accounts.

RATES of Fees Outwards, to be paid from all that are free of the Merchants Hall in Bristol.

For Entry of every Vessel, and Presentment ——

For a Bond to permit the Officers aboard -

For every Cockett ——

For endorsing every Man’s Cocquet for Goods transported by Licence -

For every Cocquet with Bond from Port to Port -

For filing the Certificate in discharge of the Bond -

All Goods, except Skins, laden for One Man’s Account, in One Bottom, to be comprized in One Cocquet, for the Fee is. 2d.; when Allowance is made for Goods loft at Sea, One Cocquet to pass for each Man’s Goods, although of several Qualities, the usual Fee

of 15. 2 d. - - - -....

All Goods in Partnership, under One Mark, to be comprized in One Warrant - -

s. d. — 6 — 6

1 2

" 4

2 6

— 4

3 4 1 2

RATES of Fees Outwards, to be paid by all not free of the Merchants Hall in Bristol.

For the Entry and Presentment of a Vessel from beyond the Seas For a Warrant -

For a Gloucester Let-pass -

For a Let-pass down Severn....

For an English Warrant -For a Warrant of Skins and Butter -

For a Double Cocquet -

For an Endorsement....

For a Port Cocquet - ....

For a Double Cocquet -

For a Bill of Health -

For a Warrant of Cloth, Blanketing, and Hops -

For a Warrant for Ireland, that are not free of Bristol -For an Entry of a Vessel from Port to Port -For Presentment of an Alien Ship ----- For clearing of an Alien Ship -

For an Alien Warrant - ....

For clearing a Ship with Bond, without Ordnance -For clearing a Ship with Bond, with Ordnance -For an Affidavit -

For telling of Skins, the Dicker -

s. d.

1 —

3 "

1 4

2 6

1 8

2 6

5 —

— 6

— 4 6 8

4 —

3 4

1 6

2 6 2 6

— 2

Ex'1, W C.

fVm Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

Custom House, London,

5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify, That the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees, for the Port of Bristol and Members, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port, on the 7th of September 1709.

JV. Stiles, Secretary.

-00 VO CO CO

26 Geo. III. 27° Januaril 5

No. 17.

FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to His Majesty’s Officers of the Customs and Subsidies in the Port of Great Yarmouth, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging.

— Cud'. Compr. Searchr.

YARMOUTH. s. d. s. d. $. d. s.d.

For every Entry and Cocquet, for all the Goods over Seas, and making the Bills and Warrants ---- 5 2 2 — 1 4 1 10

For every Entry Inwards from beyond Seas, and making the Bills and Warrants - - - - 3 2 — 8 — 8 1 10

For Every Indorsement of Goods passing Licence * - - 1 — — 8 — 4

For the Report of Every Master, Owner, Purfcr - — 4 — 2 — 2

For the Entry of every Ship over Sea, or from Port to Port — 4 — 2 — 2

For every Cocket and Transiry for Goods laden from Port to Port 2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

For every Certificate for Goods discharged from Port to Port 2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

For every Entry of every Transiry for Goods laden from Port to Port ----- — 10 — 6 — 4

For all Bonds of Employment, or returning of Discharges For all returned Discharges or filed Employment -For viewing each Cocket of each Ship or Vessel, of every Port or Place, being in the Road or Haven - 1 — — 4 — 4 1 — — 4 — 4

For every Passenger to or from beyond the Seas - — 4 — — - — 4

For every Person bringing Goods, excepting Coals, from Port to Port, and landing them - — 1 - — 1

For every Ship that brings in Salt, One Mett to the Searcher, in lieu of his Fee of Two and Twenty Pence upon the said Salt above-mentioned - -- - John Sharpe. Aliens to pay Double Fees.

Edward Turner.

FEES and ALLOWANCES due and payable to die Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies in every of the Out Ports, Members of the Port of ,viz.

Blackneyand Clay.

For an Inward Entry and Bills.

For a Cocket from Port to Port, and Bonds -

For a Certificate - -

For a Transiry Outwards -

For filling a Certificate -

For a Transiry Inwards - -

For going on Board and viewing a Cocquet

Ex', W. C.

Custom House, London, 5th August 1785.

— Cust4 Compr. Searchr.

j. d. 9 6 s.d. 4 8 s. d. l 6 s. d. 3 4

- 7 6 3 2 1 — 3 4

- 4 10 3 4 1 2 — 4

2 4 1 4 — 8 — 4

3 4 2 — 1 — — 4

— 4 1 — — 4 — 4 — 4 . — 4

— 4 — 4

Signed, by virtue of an Order from the House of Commons, dated the 17th May 1662.

TVm Goldsborough,

Cler. Dorn. Com.

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees for the Port of Yarmouth, and Members, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port, on the 31st August 1716.

tV. Stiles, Secretary.

Vol. 41. S

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts;

66

270 Janua

A. 1786

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N° 18.

FEES and ALLOWANCES, to be paid to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Subsidies in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging.

lupo^HuU^ Pon over ^ea*

To the King's Cullr. anti Compt. equally amongst them.

£ s-

To the King’s Search'.

£ s. d.

For every Entry Outwards, for the Cocket -

For every Transire, the like Fees -

If an Alien’s Ship -

If but One Entry for the whole Ship Loading, then Double Fees. For every Entry Inwards -

If an Alien’s Ship -

If but One Entry for the whole Ship's Loading, then Double Fees. For every Alien’s Ship coining loaden for her Employment For every Ship clearing beyond Sea -

For every Alien’s Ship, the like -

1

2

4

4

8

4

Upon the Coast Business.

For every Cocket granted - -

If any prohibited Goods in the Ship, Double Fees.

For the Bond taken for Delivery - .

For every Certificate brought for the Discharge of that Bond For every Transire -

For every Certificate granted - -

6

4

6

1 —

6

1

6

To the Clerke.

For every Ship, at her clearing beyond Sea For every Ship, First Entry Inwards For every Alien’s Ship, First Entry

---4

— 34

Signed by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, dated 17th May 1662.

JVm Goldsborough,

Cler. Dom. Com.

Exd JV. Exd per me, Mason.

Custom House, London,

5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees for the Port of Hull, and Members, as transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port, on the 31st August 1709.

JV. Stiles, Secretary.

E. Turner.

This is a true Copy of the Original, signed by Sir Edward Turner, Knt.

26 Geo. III. 270 Januarii. 67

N* 19.

A TABLE of Fees and Allowances due and payable to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Chester, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging; agreed between the Merchants and the said Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and confirmed by Vote and Order of the House of Commons, dated April 11, 1670.

Customers Fees.

£> s. d.

For every Entry ——

For evefy Port Bond -

For every other Bond -

For every Certificate from the Office -

For every Certificate received into the Office -

For the Invoice or Outvoice of every Ship -

For the Entry of every Ship or Vessel -

For the Entry of every Ship or Bark to or from France, or other Foreign Parts

— 1

8

41

8

8

21

3

3

4*

Exd per fVm Gohlsbo

Cler. Dorn. Com.

Comptrollers Fees.

I-

For every Entry ——

For every Certificate from the Office - .

For every Certificate received into the Office -

For the Invoice or Outvoice of every Ship or Vessel -

For Entry of every Bark or Vessel -

For Entry of every Ship or Vessel to or from , or other Foreign Parts -

6

6

3

3

S{

Wm Gohlsborough,

Cler. Dorn. Com.

Searchers Fees.

For every Entry -

For Return of every Port Certificate

For every Foreign Cocquett

Exd, IV. C.

£. s. d.

----4

— 6 —

Eduard Turner,

Speaker of the House of Commons.

Custom House, London,

5th August 1785.

I do hereby certify, that the aforegoing is a true Copy of the Entry made in the Books in my Office, of the original Table of Fees for Port of Chester, and Members, as'transmitted by the principal Officers at that Port, on the 31st August 1709.

IV. Stiles, Secretary.

Vo L. 41.

Fourteenth iieport on Public Accounts.

68

a?0 JanuariL A. 178 6-

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

N* 26.

The Examination of Edward Hooper, Esquire; taken upon Oath, April 19th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is the Senior Commissioner of the Customs. The Commissioners of the Custorus are Nine in Number; they hold their Offices under a Commission from the Crown, during Pleasure. Each Commissioner receives, by virtue of his Corn-million, a Salary of One thousand Pounds a Year, paid Quarterly, subject to the Land Tax, the One Shilling, and Civil Lilt Duties, which reduce it to Seven hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings, exclusive of the Taxes on the Receipts. He receives likewise an Allowance of Two hundred Pounds every Year, by Warrant from the Treasury, paid Annually, for the extraordinary Care and Pains taken by the Board in the Quarantine Service, ftrifitly pursuing the Orders of the Privy Council. The Commissioners receive no other Salary, Fees, or Emoluments whatever.

The Board of Customs have not, as he apprehends, any Power over the Patent Officers of the Customs, nor over their Deputies, except the Power of fuf-pending them, in order to prevent any Prejudice to the Revenue, and to give Time for representing their Conduct to their Principals; nor any Power of rejecting the Persons appointed by Warrant from the Treasury; they have a Power, by their Commission, of removing or otherwise punishing Officers so appointed for Misconduct.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neavc,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

IViW* Roe.

N* 2t.

The Examination of Mr. George Robinson; taken upon Oath, April 20th, 26th, and 29th,

1785-

This Examinant faith, That he is Western Clerk in the Office of the Secretary of the Customs, and appointed by Warrant from the Treasury: It is the Business of his Office to receive all Letters and Papers relative to the Western Ports, which are Forty-two in Number, to read them to the Board, and take their Directions thereupon, and to settle and revile the Letters and Orders to those Ports. He attends at his Office Six or Eight Hours every Day, except on Holidays. He is paid Two Salaries of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Yeai1 each, the first by virtue of the Treasury Warrant, the other by Minute of the Board; the Salary by the Warrant is’ subject to the Land Tax, the One Shilling, and Civil List Duties — the Incidental Salary, to the Two latter only j the Taxes amount together to Forty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings. He receives likewise Annually by Warrant from the Treasury, a Sum for the Quarantine Service, Six Shillings for every Ship performing Quarantine; this amounted, in the last Year, to Eighty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings. He receives also One Fifth Part of the Net Poundage, and One Eighth Part of the Fees received by the Secretary; which, with Five Pounds, an Annual Gratuity from the East India Company, for the Trouble they give to the Office, amounted in the last Year to One hundred and Ten Pounds Four Shillings, and One Halfpenny.

s

The Net Produce of his Employment last Year, as Western Clerk, was five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence One Halfpenny. He was appointed in the Year 1782, by a Minute of ffie Board, the Examiner of Stationary, for which he receives a Salary of Thirty Pounds a Year, and Ten Guineas a customary Gratuity, from the Stationer; the Salary is reduced by Taxes to Twenty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings. It was customary to allow each Office in London, and each Out Port, every Year, a stated Allowance of different Kinds of Stationary. In Nomember 1783 the Board came to a Resolution to allow Annually, to the principal Officers of the several Outports, a Quantity of Stationary, not exceeding in Value a certain Sum, proportionable to the Gross Receipt and Bafinels in their respefitive Distri&s, which Stationary they are to apply for to the Stationer who has the Patent for supplying the Customs. In December 1784 the Board, after a long Inquiry, came to the like Resolution relative to the Officers in the Port of London, with this Difference, that the Office Books were to be lbpplied as usual at the Expence of the Crown, upon the Application of the Officers, stating the Necessity and Uses to which they are intended; this Regulation was in March last extended to the Officers at the Out Ports, upon their Representation that they were unable to purchase Office Books out of their Allowance. The first Regulation relative to the Out Ports produced a Saving to the Public of about Seven hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings a Year. The Regulation relative to the Port of London will, upon Calculation, produce a Saving of about Eight hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seven Shillings a Year; together, above One thousand Six hundred Pounds a Year. All the Quarterly Bills of the Stationer, and the Cravings for Books, are examined and checked by the Examiner of the Stationary, to see that the Bills do not exceed the Annual Allowance, and that the Books are actually necessary for the Public Service. If the Annual Bills are leis than the Annual Allowance, the Officer has Credit with the Stationer for the Surplus in his next Year’s Account.

Geo. Robinson.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sami' Beachcroft,

Wm Roe.

N* 22.

The Examination of Mr. John Gale: taken upon Oath, April27th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Northern Clerk in the Office of the Secretary of the Customs. He was appointed by the Board of Customs. The Duty of his Office is to receive all Letters from the Northern Ports, which are Twenty-seven in Number, to read them to the Board, to take their Directions upon them, and settle the Answers. He attends every Day of Business at the Office for Six or Eight Hours.

He receives in Salaries Two hundred Pounds a Year, Eighty Pounds of it upon the Establishment, One hundred Pounds upon the Incidental Lift, and Twenty Pounds out of the Allowance to the Secretary from the Coal Duties; the Taxes on these Salaries amount to Thirty-one Pounds Ten Shillings a Year. He receives Six Shillings for every Ship performing Quarantine, which produced last Year Eighty-one Pounds, Eighteen Shillings; and One Fifth of the Poundage, amounting to One hundred and Fifteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Tenpence; and One

Eighth

26’ Geo. . III. 270 Jamtarii.

K^htbf^jC the; SebretaryV Fees, amounting'to One hundred: and' Five Pounds Four Shillings and One Half-petfcy. The Net Profit* of thisAppointment for the last! Year were Four hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pboee One Halfpenny.

John Gale.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggptt,

RkhtNeace,

Sam'- Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,.

Wilt Roe*

N* 2£

The Examination of Mr. Harry taken

upon Oath, April 26th, 178&

Thte Examinant faith, That he is First Copying Clerk in the Office of the Secretary of the Customs. He was appointed to this Office by the Board of Customs. His Business is to foperintend all the other Copying Clerks, being Twelve in Number, and he executes various Branches of the Secretary’s Department. He receives, pursuant to Minutes of the Board, in Salaries, Eighty-five Pounds a Year, and for the Quarantine Service Half a Crown for each Ship, which amounted last Year to Thirty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; his other Emoluments are, Ten Fiftieths of One Fifth of the Poundage (the remaining Forty Fiftieths being divided among the other Clerks) and One Eighth of the Secretary’s Fees. He receives all the Secretary’s Fees, and divides them, Five Eighths to the Secretary, One Eighth to the Western Clerk, One Eighth to the Northern Clerk, and retains One Eighth as First Copying Clerk; this has been the usual Division for rtiany Years. The Shares of the Poundage arid Fees amounted last Year to One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings; the' Taxes on the Salaries were Twelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, which reduced his Net Profits to Two mmdred and Thirty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings arid Six Pence Three Farthings. The Minute Clerk, and the Eleven Copying Clerks, are all appointed by the Board; each of them has a Salary, and Part of the Quarantine Money; fotne of them the Share of the Poundage above mentioned, and Gratuities frdtn the Merchants.

H* Hutson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggptt,

Rick1 Neaoe,

Sam? Boachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WW Roe.

One hundred Pounds a Year by the Warrant* and Fourteenth Seventy Pounds by Minutes of the Board’ of Custorps; on Poblie his Fees arose principally from Certificates and Entries Accounts* of the Registers, and are paid by the Merchants, and grounded upon Usage; they amounted last year to about One hundred and Four Pounds; he paid for Taxes Fifteen Pounds Five Shilling?, and to a Clerk, which he was under the Necessity of employing, to assist him in the Business, Fifty Pounds; his Net Income was Two hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

James

T. Anguish,

Rich4 Neaoe,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt*. Roe.

N* 25.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Shaw; taken upon Oath, July lft, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Clerk in the Bond Office, which is a Branch of the Secretary’s . Office —

The Appointment to this Office was in the Secretary, it is now in the Board — One Branch of the Business is to make out all Bonds for the due Exportation of certain particular Articles, principally East India, and for the due Return of damaged Goods taken out of the Warehouse for the Purpose of dying or glazing —

He makes out Certificates of the Securities having been given — He keeps a Register of all the Wool, Yarn, and other Articles, imported into England from Ireland, and of all the Ships qualified for that Importation —

He makes out the Annual Account of the prohibited East India Goods, and Naval Stores from Russia, presented to Parliament — He receives, examines, and makes out, Lists of the Out Port, Corn, and some other Debentures, and enters the Cockets for the Exportation of Foreign Bullion, and of Wrought Silver Plate, and Watches, and prepares Letters for fending down certain Cockets to the Out Ports for Goods sent by Land Carriage.

He is paid, by Minute of the Board, a Salary of Eighty Pounds a Year — He receives Two customary Fees, One Shilling and Six Pence on every Bond, and One Shilling on every Plate and Bullion Cocket, and an Annual Gratuity from the East India Company of Five Pounds Five Shillings — These amounted together last Year to Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds Three Shillings — He paid for Taxes Four Pounds, and to a Clerk Twenty Pounds, which reduced his Net Income to Two hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Three Shillings.

T. Shaw.

T. Anguish,

Rich*Neace,

Geo. Drummond,

WUf Roe.

N* 24.

The Examination of Mr. James Powell; taken upon Oath, June 15th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he executed the Office of Plantation Clerk In the year 1784. It is the Business of this Officer to receive and read to the Board all Letters from the Officers in the Plantations; to make out their Commissions; to receive from the Board, and reduce into Form, their Directions and Orders relative to the Plantation Business; to fill up and enter the Plantation Certificates; and to enter the Registers of Ships bound to the Plantations. This Officer is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; he had Two Salaries, Vol. 41.

N* 26.

The Examination of Mrs. Bridget Kelly-, taken upon Oath, April 28th and 29th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That she is Housekeeper of the Custom House of London, and has been so about Fourteen Years — She was appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, requiring the Commissioners of the Customs to issue their Constitution appointing her to the Office of Housekeeper — The Duty of the Office is to provide proper Servants to take Care of the House; to inspefct and report, in Writing, upon the Bills of Tradesmen for Repairs and Alterations made within the House, in order to satisfy the Board that the Work

T charged

Fourteenth Report on public Account*.

70 27° januarti. A. 1786.

charged has been actually performed (the Charge being referred to the Surveyor of the House); Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries for the Use of the House, are from Time to Time, as they are wanted, craved by the House-keeper, and ordered by the Commissioners of the Customs; the Tradesmen who furnish those Articles are nominated by the Board, and it is the Duty of the Housekeeper to see that the Quantity charged is actually fumished, and to report accordingly upon the Bills which are for that Purpose referred to her. — The Housekeeper is not employed to pay any of the Bills — She keeps an Upper Servant, who constantly resides in the House, and in her Absence performs the Duties of Housekeeper, and she occasionally resides in the House herself, and at such Times fees the Duty performed herself. — She always signs the Bills herself, and when flie is not at the House relies on her Upper Servants Account, that the Work has been done, or the Articles brought in.

She receives a Salary appointed by the Warrant or Confutation, of Three hundred and Eighty-five Pounds a Year, paid upon the Establishment; and upon a considerable increaie of Offices, the Commissioners of the Customs made an Addition to it of Forty Pounds a Year, paid out of Incidents.

The Housekeeper formerly had divers small Perquisites, amounting in the Whole to about Two hundred Pounds a Year, whit^i were abolished by an Order of the Commissioners of the Customs, in 1783 j since when she has received no Perquisites whatever. By Warrant of the Treasury, of the 6th of January 1785, she received Two hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Eleven-Shillings and Eleven Pence One Half-penny, in lieu of those Perquisites, from the 30th of July 1783 to the 5th of January 1785, which is at the Rate of about Two hundred Pounds a Year; and for the Quarter from the 5th of January to the 5th April Instant, a Warrant is ordered for Fifty Pounds out of these Allowances, making together Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds. — She pays for Taxes One hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and for the Wages and Maintenance of Servants, Two hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Two Shillings, together Three hundred h irty-six Pounds a Year; which leaves to her a Net Sum of Two hundred Eighty-nine Pounds a Year, which is the whole Emolument arising from her Office.

Bridget Kelly.

T. Anguish,

A.Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Will Roe.

N* 27.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken in the Office of the Secretary of the Customs.

By the Secretary, the Western and Northern Clerks, and the Secretary’s First. Copying

Clerk.

s. d.

For a Report to the Treasury in Favour of the Petitioner -

For a Deputation to a Collector, Surveyor, Landing Waiter, or such like superior Office For a Deputation to a Tide Waiter, Boatman, or such like inferior Office -

For a Testimonial, or Extraordinary Commission - -- --1--.

For entering a Patent, Order of Council, King’s Warrant, or Warrant of the Treasury, for any private Matter, except a Warrant which directs a Deputation to be issued - -

— 15 —

1 12 6

— 176

— 76

— 15 —

The above Sums are divided in the following Proportions, viz.

To the Secretary ---- -fths.

To the Western Clerk - - -' - -J-

To the Northern Clerk ---- -j*

To the Secretary’s First Copying Clerk -

By the Plantation Clerk.

For the Entry of a London Ship’s Register -

For the Entry of a Plantation Ship’s Register -

For the Entry of an Indorsement on a London Ship’s Register -

For the Entry of a Plantation Ship Certificate, which is only received from the Ports of London, Liverpool, Bristol, Poole, Cowes, and Whitehaven -

9

6

6

1 —

By the Bond Clerk.

For each Bond given for the due Exportation of Goods -Upon each Silver Plate, Bullion, and Silver Watch Cocket -

Gratuities by the Extra Messengers, about Three Pounds a Year.

1 6 1 —

16 Geo. III.

7»

£7° yanuariu

2S.

The Examination of John Esquire; taken

upon Oath, May 3d, 1785.

N* 30.

The Examination of Mr. George taken

upon Oath. 29th April, and 3d May, 1785.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

This Examinant faith, That he is Solicitor in thd Office of the Customs for London and the Western Ports; be holds his Office by Constitution from the Treasury, during Pleaftn e. He attends at the Custom House every Day of fiufiness, to answer References from the Board, and to receive their Orders relative to Prosecutions: For this Business he receives, by virtue of his Constitution, a Salary of Three hundred Pounds a Year; and, by an Annual Warrant of the Treasury, Two hundred Pounds for preparing Bills in Parliament relating to the Revenue of the Customs: He is allowed, by Minutes of the Board of Customs, Twenty Pounds a Year for keeping the Account of the Prosecutors Shares of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, paid into his Hands: and, for Five Clerks and Two Messengers, Three hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, which Sum he pays to them. He paid for Taxes Eighty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, and his Chamber Rent, Coals, and other Contingencies, computed at Thirty-one Pounds Three Shillings, reduced his Net Income last Year to Four hundred Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, exclusive of his Professional Fees.

J. Tyton.

T. Anguish,

Rich. Neate,

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will. Roe.

This Examinant faith, That he is Solicitor for Bonds find Criminal Prosecutions to the Commissioners of the Customs. He is appointed by Constitution of the Board of Treasury; and paid, upon the Establishment, a Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, and One hundred and Eighty Pounds a Year for Two Clerks and a Messenger, which Sum is paid, One hundred and Forty Pounds of it to the Two Clerks, and Forty Pounds to the Messenger. The Salary is allowed him for his Attendance at the Board, which is upon every Board Day, in order to report to them upon all Papers referred to him in various Branches of Professional Business. The Sum paid by him for Taxes is Sixty-nine Pounds and Eight Pence; his Expences for Chamber Rent, Coals, and Candles, amount to about Twenty-six Pounds a Year, which ^educes the Net Produce of his Office to One hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Before the Year 1781 the Solicitor Was allowed by the Board, for Coach Hire, Chamber Rent, and Laundress, Fifty-one Pounds a Year, and Five Chaldron of Coals, and Candles; these Allowances were discontinued by the Board in the Year 1781. He receives no other Profits from this Office, except his Professional Fees for* Business done.

G, .

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond,

Will.Roe.

N° 29.

The Examination of Mr. William; taked

upon Oath, April 27th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, that he is Solicitor for the toorthern Ports; he holds this Office by the Constitution of the Board of Treasury, during Pleasure. It is his Province to transact all the Law Business arising in the Northern Ports, except Criminal Prosecutions, and Proceedings upon Bonds. He receives a Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year by his Constitution, Twenty Pounds a Year by Minute of the Board, and Two hundred Pounds a Year also by Minute of the Board, for the Payment of Two Clerks and a Messenger, which Sum he pays to them.

As a Solicitor, he receives his Professional Fees for the Business he transacts, the Whole of which is paid, either by the Defendants, or out of the Produce of Seizures, or out of the King’s Share. The Taxes paid by him in the last Year amounted to Sixty-nine Pounds and Eight Pence; and the incidental Expences of Chamber Rent. Coals, and Candles, to Twenty-six Pounds, which reduced the Net Produce of this Employment, exclusive of his Professional Fees, to One hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

He attends every Day of Business at the Board of Customs, to receive the References from the Board, and to make Reports thereupon, which he understands to be the Consideration for his Salaries.

W. Cooper.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich. Neaxe,

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will. Roe.

Vo l. 41.

N* 3i.

The Examination of Mr. John Arden; taken upoti Oath, 29th April, and 3d May, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Inspector of the Prosecutions carried on by the Solicitors of the Customs. He is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, at the Nomination of the Principal, and holds his Office during Pleasure. He has been Sixteen Years Deputy to William Poynlz, Esquire, who is the Inspector of Prosecutions, by Patent, during Pleasure. The whole Business of this Office is transaded by the Deputy and One Clerk, without the Interference of the Principal. The Duty of this Officer is to see that the King’s Share of the Produce of Seizures, and of Fines and Forfeitures, is truly paid into the Exchequer.

A Register of all Seizures, taken from the Office of the Register of Seizures, and an Entry of all Prosecutions for Fines and Forfeitures, taken from the Books of the Solicitors, are kept in this Office. When the King’s Share of the Produce of Seizures is ascertained, and Payment of it into the Exchequer ordered by the Board, the Accountant of Petty Receipts fends to this Office a Certificate, stating the Sum to be paid into the Exchequer, whether the Seizure was made in London or at an Out Port.

Where a Penalty or Forfeiture is compounded or- recovered, the Minute of the Board, stating the Sum to be paid into the Exchequer, is transmitted to, and entered in, this Office. Every Quarter he receives from the Exchequer an Account of the Sums paid in for the Produce of Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures, for the Use of the Crown, during the preceding Quarter; he compares this Account with the Certificates and Minutes in his Office.

The Average Amount of the Sums paid into the Exchequer

7*

a'7° JaMU

A. 1786.

Fourteenth Report on PuhKfc Accounts.

Exchequer on this Account, for the Ten Years preceding the Year 1781, inclusive, was about Eighty-one thousand Seven hundred Pounds, since which the King’s Share, having been in, that Year made liable, by Act of Parliament, to the’ Charges of Management, has been in Part applied to that Service, and consequently the Payments, into the Exchequer diminished: They amounted in the last Year to Twenty-eight thousand Five hundred dad Thirty-one Pounds only, and nothing has been paid in during the " last Quarter, on Account of the Produce of Seizures.

t The Deputy receives, for his principal, all the Emoluments of the Office; they consist of a Poundage of Five Pounds ficrCerit.upon the Sum paid into the Exchequer.

This Poundage is, as he apprehends, grounded upon Usagej the Patept giving Jo him such Pees and Profits as were received by his Predecessors, without specifying, the Kind of Profits.

(Upon producing Jo the Board of Customs the Exchequer Account of the Sums paid in* they order him to be' paid the Amount of, the Poundage, before the Year'17S1 payable out of Incidents, and since out of the King’s Share of the Cut Port Seizures; and this was the only Emolument he rpoeived' from his Office before the last, Year, when the King’s Share being directed to dther Purposes, and the Poundage' diminished in Proportion^' be applied to the Treasury for a Compensation, and obtained froip them an Allowance of Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence Che jlalf-p eony, in order to make up the Deficiency of the Two First Quarters of the Year to the Bate of Two thousand Pounds a Year; this Allowance, together with the Poundagej amounted, in the last Year, to One thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-five Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence One Farthing, out of which he paid for Taxes Two hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, to his Deputy One hundred and Sixty Pounds, and to a Clerk Sixty Pounds, and for Stationary and other Contingencies, Twenty-five Pounds, which reduced his Net Profits to One thousand Five hundred and Thirteen Pounds Two Shillings and One Farthing.

J. Arden.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond,

TViU. lloe.

N° 32.

Examination of Mr. William Richardson’, taken upbri Oath,’ May 3d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, that he is Deputy to Bryan Broughton, Esquire, the Register of Seizures m the Office of the Customs. This Office is held for Life,

Pounds a Year by his Patent, and Forty Pounds a Year for a Clerk, payable out of Incidents. . lie receives no other Emolument or Gratuity, except One Fee only, grounded upon a Minute of the Board of Customs, namely,' Five Shillings for every Certificate, where the King’s Share amounts to Ten Pounds or upwards.. This Fee produced last Year Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings. He paid, for various Taxes* Sixty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence; and for contingent Expences Two Pounds Twelve Shillings‘he allowed his Deputy One hundred and Eighty*-one Pounds Three, Shillings and Three Pence, which reduced the Net Produce of his Office to Two hundred and Fifty Pounds.

T. Anguish, Rich. Neace, Sam. Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond, Will. Roe.

JV. Richardson.

N° 33-

by Patent.

The Deputy is with the Approbation of the Treasury. The patentee

is appointed by the Patentee,

executes no Part of the Office hiroself; the Whole is transactea oy the Deputy, and a Clerk. Upon every Seizure, either in London or at an Out Port, the Indenture of Apprailement is trailsmitted to, and registered in, this Office, andf then lent to the Court of Exchequer to t>ri proclaimed.

After Condemnation, a Writ of Delivery, empowering tfib Salel is lent to this Office. The Register ipakes out a Certificate, that the Goods inserted in the Writ agree iHffi those in the Indenture of Appraisement, and annexes this Certificate to the Writ of Delivery. These Two Ipstruments are lent to the Officers who conduct the Sale.

A Copy of this Register is delivered every, Year to the Board of Treasury, and Abstrdfts to the Barons of the Exchequer.

The Register is allowed a Salary of Two hundred

03

The Examination of Mr. John Mills; taken upon Oath, May 4th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Assistant to William Mellish, Esquire, Receiver General of the Custouis. The Receiver General holds his Office by Patent, during Pleasure: He executes fbme Part of the Business of the Office himself. Under his Patent, he has a Salary of One thousand Pounds a Year. By an ancient Warrant of the Treasury, he has One Third of One Shilling in the Pound of the Coinage Duties, which amounted last Year to Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence One Farthing. For the Payment of his Clerks, he has, by Three Warrants of the Treasury, Five hundred and Ninety-five Pounds (of which he received last Year only Five hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, arising from the Deficiency of the Duty of 4f per Cent!) Three hundred and Fdrty Pounds, and"One hundred Pounds; and by another Warrant of the Treasury he is paid an Annual Iricidferilril Bill, for Feds and Charges of Office paid by hirri, oh which Bill he receives Forty Pounds for Business done by his Clerks: These Four last Sums he paid to his' Affi Hants and Clerks. It has been always cuf-tofnary for the principal Officers, upon receiving their Salaries, and for Merchants upon the Payment of Debentures, or for other Business done in the Treasury, to give small Gratuities to the Officers employed: Hide Gfatuities to the Receiver General amounted in the last Year t6 One hundred and Six Pounds Eight Shillings arid Six Pence. He received likewise Fees for entering Iristruments in the Office, and on the Discharge of To-bricto Bonds, which amounted to Thirty-four Pounds Sriven Shillings and Six Pence. Out of these he priid, for Taxes, Three hundred and Forty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence; to his Assistants rind Clferks, One thousand One hundred and Twenty-one Potinds; and for contingent Expences, One hundred and Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Tight Prince; which reduced his Net Income last Year to Ninri hundred and Twenty Pounds and Five Pence One Farthing.

This Examinant further faith, That as Assistant to the Receiver General, he received from him a Salary of One hundred and Ninety Pounds; and from the Fees and Gratuities above mentioned, Sixty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings; which gave him a Net Income of Two hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings. The Receiver General appoints all the Assistants and Glerks in his Office.

Some

26 Geo. III. 27° Januarii.

Some short Time ago, an Order was issued from the Board of Customs, prohibiting the receiving Gratuities from the Officers, upon the Payment of their Salaries; which Carder has been carried into Execution.

At the Time the Salaries are paid at the Treasury, the Land Tax for those Salaries is either paid to the Cdfle€tors of the Land Tax at the Custom House, by the Officers; or, being deducted by the Pay Officer, is paid by him to the Collectors.

Government pays the Land Tax for those Officers whose Salaries do not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year. The Amount of this Tax is paid to the Collectors by an Annual Warrant of the Treasury. The One Shilling, and Six Penny Duties, are deducted by the Pay Officer at the Time of Payment, and paid to the respective Receivers.

J. Mills.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt Roe.

N* 34.

The Examination of Mr. John Mills', taken upon Oath, July 8th, and August 26th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Salaries of the Officers of the Customs, paid by the Receiver General, are, for the most Part, paid out of the Branch of the Customs: Both the Establishments and the Incidental Lift are always paid out of that Branch, if there is Money enough upon it to pay them; if not, the Deficiency is taken out of Come other Brand), as is most convenient. This has been the constant practice of the Office. All incidental Expences likewise are paid out of the same Branch, unless otherwise directed by the Order of the Board.

/. Mills.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sami Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond, lVillm Roe.

N- 35.

The Examination of Mr. Humphry Bache; taken upon Oath, May 10th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Teller to the Receiver General of the Customs, who appoints all the Officers in his Office. He is paid by the Receiver General a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year, out of which he pays Sixty 'Pounds to his Assistant He received from' the Officers, upon the Payment of their Salaries, certain Gratuities, in Proportion to the Quantum of the Salaries; which Gratuities have been paid to the Chief Teller Time immemorial, without any Variation, that he knows of; and which, including some other minute Articles, amounted last Year to Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; which made the Net Income of his Office Two hundred and Ninety Pounds.

The Treasury Warrant for the One hundred Pounds a Year to the Receiver General, specifies the Service to be the Payment of the Tidesmen, and other inferior Officers, who are very numerous, and paid their Subsistence Weekly, and were formerly paid by the Pay-master of Incidents, an Office not under the Receiver General. This Salary is paid to the Chief Teller and Vot. 41.

his Assistant, for performing that Service. The Gratui- Fourteenth ties are the only Emoluments he receives for receiving l{e(?"r.\. the Duties, and making the other Payments. Thele ^ecoants. Gratuities are now prohibited, by Order of the Board of Customs, and no Emolument substituted in their stead.

He applied for a Compensation to the Board of Customs, but without Succels.

H. Bache.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4 Neaoe,

Sant Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N° 36.

The Examination of Mr. John taken

upon Oath, April 18th> 4th, and August, the 29th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Account of the Salaries, Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities, received by the Officers of the Customs in the Port of London, was made out by him, for the most Part, from Returns made by the several Officers therein mentioned to the Secretary of the Customs, pursuant to the Precept of this Board.

The Salaries of the Commissioners, and the Taxes to which they are subject, being fixed, he made out the Accounts of the Produce of their Employments from his own Knowledge of them, and with the Confirmation of the Secretary; the Columns of Salaries and Allowances from the Crown, as stated in the Returns, include the Sums allowed the principal Officers for their Deputies and Clerks.

The Taxes inserted in the Column of Taxes include the Land Tax, the One Shilling, and Six Penny Duties, and, in some Offices, the Receipt Tax, and the Payments to the Superannuation Fund. All Officers whole established Salaries exceed Sixty Pounds a Year pay the Land Tax for those Salaries, which Land Tax is deduced from the Salary at the Time of Payment. Where the established Salaries do not exceed Sixty Pounds a Year, the Land Tax on them is allowed to the Officer, by virtue of a Warrant from the Treasury.

This Examinant further faith, That he is Deputy to Henry Ellison, Esquire, Supervisor of the Receipts and Payments of the Receiver General. The Supervisor holds his Office by Constitution of the Treasury, during Pleasure; he executes no Part of the Business of the Office himself, it is all tranlafited by his Deputy, and Two Clerks. He receives, by his Constitution, a Salary of Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, and, by Minute of the Board, an incidental Salary of Eighty Pounds: Out of which he pays, for Taxes, One hundred and Five Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, and to his Deputy and Clerks Two hundred and Twenty Pounds; which reduced his Net Income, last Year, to Three hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence. No Gratuities are taken in this Office; the only Fees are small Fees for registering Instruments, paid to the Deputy and Clerks.

J. Dally.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt Roe.

U

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

74

2 70 Januarii. A. 1786.

N° 37. N* 38.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas

taken upon Oath, May 6th and 10th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Warehousekeeper for the Collector Inwards. The Business of the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for London being trans-acted in that Office, he acts as Deputy to Isaac Needham, Esquire, who holds that Office by Warrant of the Treasury, during Pleasure. The Receiver attends the Office occasionally, to sign some Accounts to be laid before the Board: He receives an Allowance of Three Guineas upon each Indenture of Appraisement, of the Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards, of all Goods returned into the Exchequer, not enumerated in the Act of the Twelfth of George the First, which Allowance is deducted from the Gross Produce of the Sales; it was formerly made by Warrant of the Treasury to the Warehousekeeper, when the Offices of Warehousekeeper and Receiver were held by the same Person; this Allowance, last Year, amounted to Two hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence, to which was added Nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, being Allowances to him upon the Sale of Horses and Carriages.

It has been usual for the Purchaser to pay to the Receiver a Imall Fee on the Sale of each Lot — One Shilling, if fold for Exportation, and Six Pence, if fold for Home Consumption; these Fees amounted, last Year, to Eighty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings. He paid Twenty Pounds for Land Tax, Seventy-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings to his Clerk, and for Contingencies Six Pounds Six Shillings; which reduced his Net Income to Two hundred and Sixty-three Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence.

This Examinant further faith, That he holds the Office of Warehousekeeper by Deputation from Sir Banks Jenkinson, during Pleasure. He is paid by a Poundage and Fees; the Poundage is Two Pence in the Pound upon the Gross Produce of the Goods enumerated in the Act; of the Twelfth of George the First, grounded upon a Minute of the Board of Customs, and deducted out of that Gross Produce; it was given in lieu of a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year: This Poundage, last Year, amounted to Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence. The Fees are customary Payments on the Discharge of Goods out of the Warehouse, and other Bufinefe transacted in the Office; these Fees amounted to Two hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence. He paid, for the One Shilling, and Civil List Duties on the Poundage, Twenty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence; to his Clerks, who are appointed by the Collector Inwards, Sixty-five Pounds; and for contingent Expences, One Pound Five Shillings; which reduced his Net Income, for the last Year, to Five hundred and Thirteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence. This Poundage has been greatly reduced by the Acts of the last Sessions, relative to Tea and Spirituous Liquors; it produced, in the last Five Months, under Twenty Pounds: The Average Amount of the Poundage, for the last Ten Years, has been One hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds.

Tho’ Chaantrell.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich 4Neave,

Sam‘Beachcroft,

Geo. Drurmriond,

Will- Roe.

The Examination of Mr. William Williams; taken upon Oath, May 6th and 10th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Clerk to Richard Thompson, Esquire, the Receiver of the Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports: The Receiver holds his Office by Constitution of the Treasury, during Pleasure; he attends occasionally to superintend the Business of the Office, and every Fortnight, to sign the Account of the Receipts and Payments laid before the Board of Customs.

He receives, by virtue of his Constitution, a Salary of Six hundred Pounds a Year; out of which he paid, last Year, for Taxes, Eighty-five Pounds Two Shillings; and to his Clerk, whom he appoints, One hundred and Ten Pounds; which reduced his Net Income to Four hundred and Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

W. Williams.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will- Roe.

N* 39-

The Examination of Richard Stanley, Esquire; taken upon Oath, May 13th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Controller of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports in the Office of the Customs; he holds his Office by Warrant from the Treasury, as he apprehends during Pleasure. He is paid, by Order of the Board of Customs, Quarterly, a Salary of Three hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Ten Shillings a Year; out of which he pays, for Taxes, Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence; and to a Clerk, Sixty Pounds; which makes his Net Income One hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence.

Every Fortnight an Account is made out in the Office, containing the Sum, in Calli, received for the King’s Share of Fines and Forfeitures during the Fortnight, and the Sum remaining in the King’s Chest, distinguished under the Heads of — Application — and The Sum of Bills in the Chest not converted into Calli; this Account is signed by the Receiver and the Controller, certified as to the Truth of it by the Accountant of Petty Receipts, and laid before the Board: The Accounts lent up from the Officers at the Out Ports are entered in Books kept by both Officers, the Receiver and Controller; the Entries in these Books are frequently examined by both, and always before the Account of the Fortnight is signed.

He frequently examines the Money and Bills in the King’s Chest, and always when he makes up the Account It is an Office of Trust, and he gives Security for the due Execution of it.

Rich* Stanley.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N* 40.

6 Geo. III.

N# 40.

The Examination of Mr. dement NevUl taken upon Oath, May 10th and 13th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Clerk to Richard Stanley, Esquire, the Controller of Fines and Forfeitures for the Oat Ports. He was appointed by the Controller, at the Recommendation of the Board of Treasury,

The Collector at an Out Port remits the Produce of the Seizures, Fines, and Forfeitures received by him, by Bills transmitted to the Receiver of the Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports; at or near the same Time an Account of them is lent to the Controller, this Account contains a Division of the Sum remitted, under the Heads of — The King’s Share — Secretary’s Poundage — Accountant’s Poundage — Law Charges — The Allowance to the Register of Seizures — and, The Civil List Duty; a like Account is sent to the Office of the Accountant of Petty Receipts.

After the Bills are accepted they are locked up in an Iron Cheli, under Two different Keys, one kept by the Receiver, the other by the Controller; the Bills, when due, are received by the Receiver, and the Money deposited in the same Chest, until issued for Services pursuant to Orders of the Board of Customs.

Clem* Neoill Zouch.

T- Anguish,

Sam1 Readier oft,.

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe,

N* 41.

The Examination of Mr. John Bastin; taken upon Oath, May 6th and 10th, 1785.

75

Receipts. The Accountant holds his Office by Constitution from the Treasury, during Pleasure.

After the Accounts of the Seizures, Fines, and For-feftoros have been Examined in the Office by the Clerks, the Principal attends to sign the Books in which these Accounts are entered; he attends every Quarter, and puts his Initials to every Article in the Accounts of the Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports; and after every Sale, which upon an Average are about Five in the Year, he signs his Initials to every Article in the Ledger of the Receipts and Payments relative to the Seizures in London. By his Constitution he receives a Salary of One hundred and Thirty-five Pounds a Year. By a Minute of the Board of Customs, in the Year 1708, be is paid a Poundage of Three Pence Halfpenny in the Pound upon the Gross Produce of Seizures of the Enumerated Goods; this Poundage amounted last Year to Two thousand One hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Two Shillings and 8even Ptence One Farthing. He paid for Taxes One hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence One Farthing j and to Clerks Four hundred and Eighty Pounds; and for other contingent Expences One Pound Eight Shillings; which reduced his Net Income, last Year, to One thousand Six hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence. He appoints all the Clerks in his Office. The Gross Average Amount of the Poundage, for thele last Ten Years, has been One thousand Nine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings, and the Net Average One thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny.

Jtf Bastin.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond, fViUn Roe.

27° Janmrit.

This Examinant faith. That he is First Clerk to John Cope Freeman, Esquire, the Accountant of Petty

* N* 42.

An ACCOUNT of the Fees and Gratuities usually taken by the Cashiers, and Paymasters with their

federal Controls.

Receiver

General.

Clerk.

Office of the Receiver General.

£. s. d.

£. s.

A Patent r Dormant Warrant Constitution

10

10

Deputation -

Letter of Attorney from a Plantation Officer -Letter of Attorney from an Out Port Officer -Probate of a Will -

An Alignment ——

On the Discharge of a Tobacco Bond....

Compliments on the Receiving Salaries and Debentures -On entering Instruments, and on the Discharge of Tobacco Bonds -

106 8 34 7

6

6

6

6

6

6

5 —

2 6

3 6 2 — 2 — 1 — 1 — 1 —

Vol. 41.

Assistant

Fourteenth Report on 1‘uUhc Accewus,

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

7 6 17° Januarii.

Assistant to the Receiver General.

From the Owners of Whale Fishery Ships, on examining the Papers annexed to the Orders for the Bounties, and marking them for Payment,

87 at io«. 0 d.each -

8 Southern D° -

From some Merchants and Brokers, on Account of the Tobacco Business, about -

From the Controller General - -

the Collector of the Coal Duties -

the Officers of the Pipe -

First Clerk.

Of several Officers in London, the Out Ports, and the Plantations, for writing their Receipts for Payment of their Salaries ——

Of several Merchants and Brokers for the Tobacco Business -

Another Clerk.

A Gratuity from the Receiver General

Another Clerk.

For entering 11 Patents, at 5 s. each ——

11 Dormant Warrants, 2 s.6d. - -

Letters of Attorney, Probates of Wills, Alignments, and Administrations

Another Clerk.

A Gratuity for making out a Weekly Lift of the Balances of the Duties -

Another Clerk.

A Gratuity for carrying the Weekly Certificates to the Treasury -

Chief Teller.

On Paying the Establishment, &c.

First Clerk in the Treasury.

From the Ownere, on making out Tickets to the Teller, for Payment of the Whale Fishery Bounties, 96 at 10 j. 6 d. each -

Odd Pence allowed by the Merchants on Debentures, &c. -

From the Officers, on making out Tickets to receive their Incidental Salaries and Allowances

Another Clerk.

From several Patent Officers, &c. on paying their Salaries, &c.

From the Owners of Whale Fishery Ships, on paying 96 Bounties, at 2 6d. each

From thp Coal Fafitors, Christmas Boxes, amounting to

Another Clerk.

From several Officers, on paying their Incidental Salaries and Allowances -

The Owners, for 96 Whale Fishery Bounties, at 1 s. each -

From Tradesmen, on certifying the Civil List Tickets, deducted from their Bills -

Assistant to the Chief Teller. New Year’s Gifts from sundry inferior Officers, amounting to -

178 6.

£. s. d. 45 13 6

4 4 —

10-----

— 10 6

20-----

10 — —

10

2 15 —

176

236

2 2 —

4----

250-----

50 8-1*76 18 18 —

10 1 —

12-----

6 6 —

14 17 —

4 16 — — 7 —

25-----

Office

26 Geo. III. 27° Januarii.

Office of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments.

For the Entry of a Patent ——

Dormant Warrant ——

But when the Patent and Dormant Warrant are entered for the same Appointment, the usual Fee for them both together is ——

For the Entry of a Letter of Attorney -

A Probate or Extra of a Will -

For making out a Certificate of the Deduction of the Civil List Tax (when entitled to Repayment) ——

77

£.

1 1 -- IO

Fourteenth* j Report on Public Accoants.

6

1 1 —

— 36

- 3 6

Of the above Fees

{The Deputy has a Moiety, The Clerks a Moiety.

Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures in the Port of London.

For every Lot of Goods fold in the long Room,

If for Exportat on -

If for Home Consumption -

By the Clerk, for each Sale, from the Receiver -

— 1 —

---6

22 —

Shillings and Six Pence for Taxes. The Net Income N® 43. of the First, last Year, was Two hundred and Twenty-

four Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence; and of the The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell; taken latter, One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Ten Shil-upon Oath, May 1 ith, June 3d and 13th, July lings and Six Pence. The Controller General appoints 6th, and August 26th, 1785. all the other Clerks himself.

The Account of the Grols Amount of the Duties This Examinant faith, That the Controller General arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of of the Custotns holds his Office by Patent, during Management, transmitted to this Board, dated the Life; he attends Once every Week, and sometimes 26th May last, contains Charges of Management paid oftener, to sign Official Letters to the Collectors at the at the Plantation Ports, which do not appear in any Out Ports, informing them of those Bills remitted by other Account of the Year 1781. The Vouchers are them, which are brought to Account by the Receiver sent from the several Ports to the Board of Customs; General: These Letters are sometimes, and may al- for the Charges inserted in the Account of the Col-ways be signed by the Chief Clerk; he executes no lector, which contains both his Receipts and Pay-other Part of the Business, but is responsible for the ments, is sworn to by him, signed by the Controller due Execution of the Whole. He has a Salary, by at the Port, and passed by the Controller General, his Patent, of One thousand Pounds a Year; by one None of these Payments are passed by the Controller Treasury Warrant One hundred and Ninety-eight General, unless they have been previously, or are af-Pounds; and by another, for the Payment of his Two ter wards, allowed by the Board. At most of these Chief Clerks, One hundred and Fifty Pounds (which Ports, certain Sums are now allowed to answer cer-Sum is paid to them); by Minute of the Board Four tain contingent Expences. The Articles in the Column hundred and Eighty Pounds; and by another Trea- of Charges of Management, paid by the Receiver lury Warrant 4- of a Shilling Poundage upon the General, are for the most Part Salaries of Officers Amount of the Coinage Duty paid into the Hands of paid in The Board lately direfited, that

the Receiver General, which amounted last Year to all the Collectors and Controllers in the Plantations Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Shil- should be paid their Salaries in in order

lings and Eight Pence. These are the only Profits of to compel them to fend over their Accounts as cx-his Office. He paid, for various Taxes, Three hun- peditiously as they can, or otherways to stop the dred and Fifty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Seven Payment

Pence Half-penny; and to his Clerks, Six hundred In some of these Ports all the Charges of Manage-

and Seventy Pounds; which reduced his Net Income, ment are paid out of the per Cent. Duties, which do

last Year, to One thousand and Eighty-five Pounds not belong to the Public, but to the Crown, and are Nine Shillings and One Half-penny. By virtue of a therefore not inserted in this Account, the same Officers Treasury Warrant he nominates his Two Chief Clerks, being employed to collect both Kinds of Duties, as well

subject to the Approbation of the Board of Customs; those belonging to the Crown, as those which belong to

he pays to each of them One hundred and Fifteen the Public.

Pounds a Year; and the First Chief Clerk has. by In the Account of the Grols Receipt of the Cuf-Warrant of the Treasury, One hundred Pounds a toms for the Year 1781, the Total of the Column of Year, for making out every Year an Account of the the Net Produce does not agree with the Sum stated Gross and Net Produce of every Branch of the Cuf- to be paid into the Exchequer by the Receiver Ge-toms. The Two Chief Clerks receive Acknowledg- neral, in the Account of the Auditors of the Imprelt meats from the Collectors, for Copies of their Ac- for that Year; tliele Two Sums never do agree; the counts sent to them upon their Application, and for Net Produce may be either more or less than the Sum other extra Business, which amounted to Twenty- paid into the Exchequer; it will be more when there eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings to each of them for are Bonds outstanding, which have been included in the last Year. Each pays Nineteen Pounds Two the Grols Receipt of that Year, but not turned into Vol. 4L X Calli,

foartotixtir Report on Public Account*

78 27* Januan 178

Cash, and therefore included in the Net Produce, but not paid into the Exchequer; it will be lets when Bonds included in the Net Produce of former Years are turned into Cash in the current Year, and paid into the Exchequer, but not included in the Net Produce of that Year. In the Year 1781 the Expences of the Vessels and Cutters employed in the Service of the Customs were defrayed out of the Duties collected at the several Ports. These Expences are now, and have been for lbme Time, paid out of the Produce Of Fines and Forfeitures.

The Accounts of the Gross Produce of the Customs for the Years 1781 and 1784, do not include the Sum of Duties remitted to the Receiver General from Scotland, amounting in each Year to Sixty thousand Pounds, nor the Duties remitted to him from the Plantations, which, in the Year 1784, amounted to Five thousand Four hundred and Sixteen Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing. This Account includes all the Duties collected at the Out Ports; but the Account of the Payments by the Receiver General into the Exchequer, in the same Year, does not include such Part of the Duties collected at the Out Ports as were either not remitted, or, if remitted, not received by him during the Year; and this Sum is very different in different Years.

The Collectors at the Out Ports pay the Salaries and Incidents out of any Money in their Hands, upon whatever Branch it may be, unless upon the excepted Branches, pursuant, as he believes, to a Treasury Warrant of the Year 1761; if they make these Payments out of the excepted Branches, the Controller General corrects their Accounts, and transfers those Payments to such other Branches of their Receipt as appear to him most convenient, and to reduce the Total of the Payments to an even Sum. Though an ACfc direCbs that the Duty it creates shall bear its own Charges, yet it is impracticable to carry that Direction into Execution, because the Charges of collecting and managing that Duty' are so various and extensive, and blended with so many other Duties, that it is impossible to ascertain how much of the Charge is occasioned by that specific Duty.

Jos*

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

IVilhRoe.

N* 44.

The Examination of Mr. William Saxby; taken upon Oath, May 11th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he was, during the last Year, Deputy to Robert Thompson, Esquire, the Surveyor of the Out Ports. The Surveyor holds his Office by Patent, during Pleasure; he executes no Part of the Business of the Office, the Whole is transacted by his Deputy, for which he is paid, by his Principal, Thirty Pounds a Year, and receives no other Emolument from this Office.

The Salary paid to the Surveyor, by his Patent, is Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence a Year, out of which he pays, for Taxes, exclusive of the Receipt Tax, Eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence, and is liable to pay, for Fees to the Customers and Controllers of the Out Ports, for fending up Copies of their Accounts to his Office in London, pursuant to Directions in his Patent, Eighty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence; which reduces the Net Profits

of his Office to One hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence.

W‘n Saxby.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rick1 Ncave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will» Roe.

N* 45.

The Examination of Mr. Charles taken

upon Oath, June 10th, 1785.

This Examinant iaithj, That he is Deputy to, and appointed by, Heneage Leg Esquire, Register of His Majesty’s Warrants in the Port of London. The Register holds his Office by Patent, during Pleasure. He executes no Part of the Business, it is all transacted by the Deputy.

It is the Bufinefe of this Office to enter in a Book. Copies of all the Entries Inwards in the Port of London: No Use is made of these Entries; the Books containing them are returned from Time to Time into the Exchequer: They are never called for; but the Tradition is, that when the Customs were farmed, these Books, with others of the like Kind, were sent to the Exchequer, for the Purpose of informing them of the Number of Entries, and the Amount of the Customs.

Most of the Patent Officers make the like Returns of their Books into the Exchequer.

The Register has no Salary; He is paid by Fees from the Merchant-Two Pence for Entries liable to Fees* by Natives, and Four Pence by Foreigners. These Fees amounted last Year to Two hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence; out of which he paid, for Taxes, Sixteen Pounds; to his Deputy, One hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence (which was all the Emolument he received from the Office); and to the Collector of his Fees, Ten Pounds Eight Shillings; which reduced his Net Income to Sixty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

This Examinant further faith, That he is also Attorney to Mr. Legge, as Inspector and Examiner of Exchequer Books in the Out Ports. He holds this Office by Constitution, during Pleasure. No Business whatever has been done in this Office ever since ho knew it, which is about Eighteen Years. This Officer has a Salary, by the Constitution, of Three hundred Pounds a Year; out of which he pays, for Taxes, Seventy-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings. His Net Income was Two hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Six Shillings.

Chat May.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

N* 46.

The Examination of Mr. James Parnell; taken upon Oath, May 1 ith, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Inspector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts and Vouchers holds his-. Office by Patent, during Pleasure. He executes no Part of the Business of the Office; it is conduced by the Chief, and Four other Clerks: The Principal has 02 not,

a6 Geo. III. 270 Januariu 79

not, that he knows of, fof upwards of Forty Years, done any Part of the Business: He is paid a Salary of Six hundred Pounds a Year, inserted in his Patent — Four hundred Pounds for himself, and Two hundred Pounds for Four Clerks; out of which he paid One hundred and Thirteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings for Taxes, Two hundred and One Pounds Four Shillings to his Clerks, and Three Pounds Two Shillings for finall Contingencies; which made his clear Income, last

Year, Two hundred ancf Eighty-two Pounds. — He appoints all the Clerks in his Office.

James

T. Anguish,

A.Piggott,

Richf Neeme,1

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WiUmRoe.

N* 47.

Air ACCOUNT of the FEES and G FATUITIES usually taken in the Offices of the Controllers

and Examiners of the General Accounts.

By the Clerks in the Controller General’s Office.

Gratuities from the Collectors at the Out Ports, and others, for a State of their Accounts.

By the Clerk to the Examiner of the Sufficiency of Officers Securities.

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every Officer’s Bondsmen, the Penalty of whose Bond is 1,000 L and above, and when they are first appointed -

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every Officer’s Bondsmen, the Penalty of whole Bond is 1,000l. and above, and when they renew their Bonds - -

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every other Officer’s Bondsmen, the Penalty of whole Bond is above tool, -and when they are first appointed -

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every other Officer’s Bondsmen, the Penalty of whose Bond is above loot and when they renew their Bonds ——

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every other Officer's Bondsmen, the Penalty of whose Bond is 100l. and when they are first appointed -

For a Certificate of the Sufficiency of every other Officer’s Bondsmen, the Penalty of whose Bond is 100l. and when they renew their Bonds -

1

10

5

2 1 1

d.

6

6

N* 48.

The Examination of Thomas Esquire;

taken upon Oath, May 24th and 26th, 1785*

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy to Lord Pelham, the Surveyor General of the Customs; he has been Deputy for about Twenty-two Years. The Surveyor General holds his Office by Patent, for Life. He executes no Part of the Business of the Office, the Whole is transacted by his Deputies and Clerks. This Office is a Check upon every Import and Export in the Port of London. Every Bill is entered in this Office, and every Duty computed, examined with the other Checks, and entered in the Caffi Book. The Surveyor General is paid by Salaries and Fees.

His Salaries are, Five hundred Pounds a Year, inserted in his Patent, and Twenty Pounds a Year by Treasury Warrant; his Fees arise from Entries of Instruments in the Office, and from every Cocket Coastwise: All thtfe Fees are established by the Book of Rates; they amounted. Hi the Year 1784, to One thousand Five hundred and Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence; he paid lor Taxes One hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings; to his Deputies, Two Vox. 41.

hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence; to Clerks, Thirty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence; and for Stationary, and other Expences, Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence; these Payments reduced his Net Income to One thousand Four hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

The Deputy to the Surveyor General is paid a Salary of Two hundred Pounds a Year by his Principal, and no Fees or other Emoluments: The other Deputies are paid finall Salaries by the Principal; and the Deputy Outwards, and his Clerk, receive finall customary Fees from the Merchants, for Business done in the Office. The Surveyor General appoints his Deputies and Clerks.

Thomas Fanshaw.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

Fourteentk Report on Public Accounts*

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

8o 170 Januani. . 1786.

N* 49.

The Examination of Arthur Hammond, Esquire; taken upon Oath, May 26th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he i3 the Senior of the Four Surveyors General resident in London. These Surveyors General are each appointed by the Constitution of the Treasury to hold their Offices during the King's Pleasure: It is their Business to superintend, either jointly or separately, the ConduQ. of all the Officers of the Customs, both in London and at the Out Ports, pursuant to the Orders and Instructions, either of the Lords of the Treasury, or the Board of Customs. Where a Complaint arises in a Minute of the

Board, containing the Subject Matter of the Reference, is transmitted to the Office of the Surveyors General — a Charge is formed against the Officer complained of — he is summoned, and heard, and the Surveyors report to the Board the Evidence, and their Opinion. Where the Complaint arises at an Out Port, or the Board suspect Miscondu6t, the Surveyor General is lent down by the Board, with full Authority to examine into the Conduct and Ability of every Officer at that Port, and to make his Report to the Board. Disputes between the Officers of the Customs, or between them and the

Merchants, are likewise referred to these Officers, and they form the Instructions for the Conduct of the Officers, and the Management of the Revenue, wherever either the Board or the Surveyor finds it necessary: Two of them, at least, constantly attend the Board of Customs whenever they fit

Each Surveyor is paid by his Constitution a Salary of Four hundred Pounds a Year, subject to Taxes, amounting to One hundred and Two Pounds Two Shillings, which reduces his Net Income to Two hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings a Year.

When upon an Out Port Inspection, he is allowed, for himself and a Clerk, One Pound Seven Shillings and Six Pence a Day, and One Shilling and Three Pence a Mile for Chaise Hire. He has no Fee, Perquisite, or other Emolument whatever, except that he has received from the Board occasional Gratuities, amounting, in the Course of Three Years, to Twenty-eight Pounds Five Shillings, for extraordinary Services.

Ar. Hammond.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Wiir Roe.

N* 50.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES usually taken in the Office of the Surveyor General in the Port of

London.

A Freeman’s Entry A Non-Freeman’s Entry -An Alien’s Entry -

Entries

A Debenture -

Ship's Entries to the Levant Ditto to other Parts Ship’s Clearings Victualling Bills Silk Debentures

A Freeman’s Cocket

A Non-Freeman s Cocket

A Free Order

By the Surveyor General.

Inwards.

Whole Fees Half Ditto Whole Fees Half Ditto Whole Fees Half Ditto

Petty Custom.

Whole Fees Half Ditto Sights

Outwards.

Whole Fees Half Ditto

Whole Fees Whole Ditto Half Ditto Whole Ditto Half Ditto Whole Ditto Half Ditto

C s- d.

-----4

-----2

-----6

— — 3

----- b

-----3

----4

----2

----4

----6

----6

----2

----4

----2

----6

----3

----8

A Certificate

%6 Geo. III.

vf Januarii.

A Certificate Cocket -All Entries

A Cloth Cocket, Freeman -D* - Non-Freemen

Ship’s Clearings

D* - to the Streights Clerk’s Fees -

D* -

Bonds of Employment

Out Port Certificates -

Whole Fees -Half D°

Whole D* from the Seal -Half D* -

Whole Fees - -

Half D*

Whole D* -Half D*

Whole Fees Half D#

8t

£. s.

---- f)

-----3

— - — 10

— 1 6

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

6

-----2

Coastwise.

A Cocket Inwards D* - Outwards -A Tran fire -

Clerk’s Fees from Cockets -

2

9

1

2

The Deputy’s Fees.

Entries that do not pay Fees to the Patentee: Un-Freemen,

Whole Fees -D* - D* - - Half D#

Entries by a Freeman - Whole D°

Half D*

A Free Order - - - ‘

A Corn Debenture, and Sail Cloth Debenture Ditto ----- - Half Fees

All other Debentures, except Linen, if above Forty Shillings

l 6

— 9

— 6 — 6

The Clerk’s Fees.

For Debentures that pase through the Office -

Ditto....

For Corn Debentures above Forty Shillings -

For a long Entry -

Silk Entries, under Fees and Alterations -Entries passing after Hours -

i*

6

N* 51.

The Examination of Mr. James; taken

upon Oath, May 25th and 27th, 17^5-

This Examinant faith. That he is Chief Clerk to the Register General of all Trading Ships belonging to Great Britain; He is appointed tv Peter Shaio, Esquire, the Register General, who holds his Office by Patent, during Life. The Business of ths Office is tranla&ed by the Chief and Four other Clerks; the Principal executes no Part of it In this Office are entered the Registers of all Ships trading to the British Plantations, and all Ships and Vessels entered from or cleared out to Foreign Parts at the Port of London, specifying, among other Things, the Number of Tons, and the Number of Men, and difdnguishing the Foreign from the British Ships.

The Collectors and Comptrollers at the Out Ports transmit every Quarter to this Office Lists of the Ships, both British and Foreign, trading to or from each Port

You 41.

during the Quarter, with the like Distinctions, and speci* tying also the Quantities of certain Enumerated Goods t They fend also Two Annual Accounts — One of the Number of Ships belonging to the Port, with the Total Tonnage, and Number of Men — the other the Number of the British and Foreign Ships trading to or from that Port, with the Total Tonnage, and repeated Voyages. The Surveyor at each Out Port transmits a Quarterly Account of all Goods landed from and Gripped to Foreign Parts during the Quarter, and of the Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders landed there.

From theie Entries and Lifts an Abstract is made out every Year of the Number of Ships, British and Foreign, trading to and from each Port in Great and to and from each Foreign Port, during the Year, with the Number of Tons.

The Register General receives Three Salaries, Five hundred Pounds by his Patent, and One hundred and Ninety Pounds, and Fifty Pounds, by Warrants; out of which he pays, for Taxes, One hundred and Thirty-f'even Pounds Two Shillings; and to his Clerks, One hundred and Ninety Pounds; which makes his clear Income Four hundred and Twelve Pounds Eighteen Y Shillings.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

82 27 0 Jatittarii.A. 1786.

Shillings. He appoints and pays all his Clerks, who have, betides their Salaries, only some very small Fees for Entries, amounting last Year, in the Whole, to Fourteen Pounds fifteen Shillings.

Jet Turner.

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neave,

Sami Beachcrojl,

Geo. 'Drummond, mU" Roe.

N# 52.

The Examination of Mr. John taken

upon Oath, May 26th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Assistant to John Pelham, Esquire, the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in the Office of the Customs. The Business of this Office is transa&ed by the Assistant, and Six Clerks; the inspector General executes no Part of the Business. He holds the Office by Constitution from the Board of Treasury, during Pleasure; the Assistant is appointed in the same Manner: The Six Clerks are appointed and paid by the Inspector General.

Every Bill for an Import or an Export, at the Port of London, is brought to this Office, and the Quantity of every Article upon each of these Bills is entered in this Office, distinguishing the Country from and to which each Article is brought or sent Every Out Port fends to this Office a similar Quarterly Account of the Imports and Exports, of which Entries are made in this Office; from hence an Account may be obtained from this Office, of the Quantity of every Article exported or imported, and to and from what Country, at any Port in England, for any given Time.

The Inspector General is paid by his Constitution a Salary of Seven hundred and Eighty Pounds a Year; out of which he pays One hundred and Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes, Two hundred and Sixty Pounds to his Clerks, and Six Pounds to his Assistant, to defray contingent Expences; which reduces his Net Income to Three hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Ten Shillings a Year.

The Assistant is paid Two hundred Pounds a Year by his Constitution, and receives Six Pounds from his Principal; he pays Fifty-one Pounds for Taxes, and Two Pounds for contingent Expences, which makes his Net Income One hundred and Fifty-three Pounds a Year: No Fees, Perquisites, or Emoluments are received in this Office.

Jn. Tomkyns.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

JVillm Roe.

N* 53-

An ACCOUNT of the Fees usually taken by the Clerks to the Register General of Shipping.

£. s. d.

For the Entry of a London Register

------ Plantation Register - 1

1 London Endorsement For searching after a Ship’s Register — an authenticated Copy of a Register

6

6

N‘ 54-

The Examination of James Hume, Esquire; taken upon Oath, May 27th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Chief Deputy to the Duke of Newcastle, the Controller of the Customs in the Port of London. The Business of this Office is transacted by a Chief Deputy, a Deputy Inwards, a Deputy Outwards, a Deputy for the Coast Business, and Three Clerks, all appointed by the Controller, who. executes no Part of the Business himself.

The Bench Officers, in the Long Room at the Custom House consist of the Five Chief Deputies, of Five Patentees, the Collector Inwards, the Collector Outwards, the Controller, the Surveyor, and the Surveyor General: It is the Business of the Bench Officers to attend Daily

at the Custom House upon Working Days, to administer Oaths, each to superintend his own Office, and to answer such References as are font to them by the Board. The Controller holds his Office by Patent, during Life; he is paid by Salaries and Fees: The Salaries are. Two hundred and Fifty-five Pounds by his Patent, and One hundred and Twenty Pounds by Treasury Warrants; the Fees are Payment by the Merchants, of very small Sums, upon all Entries Inwards, and all Outwards where the Subsidy exceeds Five Shillings; upon Debentures, and all Coast Documents: These Fees are received by the Clerk of the Rates, and the Deputy Collectors Outwards, and paid Monthly to the Chief Deputy Controller: The Controller’s Fees amounted last Year to One thousand Three hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence; he paid, for Taxes, One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Ten Shillings; to his Deputies, Two hundred and Forty four Pounds Ten Shillings; and to a Clerk, Fifty

Pounds;

26 Geo. III. 270 Januarii.

Pounds; which reduced his clear Income to One thousand Three hundred and Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence.

The Chief Deputy receives from his Principal a Salary of One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds a Year: The Fees on Cockets amounted last Year to One hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Five Shillings. He paid for Taxes Eight Pounds, and in small contingent Expences Two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence; his Net Income was Three hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence. All die Fees are efta-bfished by the Book of Rates; no other Fees or Gratuities whatever are received by the Controller or his Chief Deputy.

James Hume.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4 Neave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt" Roe.

N* 55-

The Examination of Mr. William taken upon Oath, May 27th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Controller -Inwards in the Port of London. The Emoluments of his Office consist of Salaries and Fees; he receives from his Principal a Salary of Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, and by Order of the Board Fifty Pounds, for making up the East India Sales; the Fees are small customary Payments by the Merchants, on Debentures, Certificates, Entries, and Computations; they amounted last Year to Four hundred and Fifty Pounds. He paid, for Taxes, Thirty-seven Pounds Five Shillings; to a constant Clerk, Fifty Pounds; and for occasional Assistance, Twenty Pounds Fourteen Shillings: His Net Receipt was Four hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings.

The Fees paid to the Clerks are similar to those paid to the Deputy, but a lets Sum, and upon but few Articles; each of them is under the Necessity of paying for additional Assistance, or the Business of the Office could not be completely executed: No other Fees or Emoluments are received in this Office.

which reduced his Net Income to One hundred and Eighty Pounds.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4 Nea

Sant Beachc,

Geo. Drummond, Wiir Roe.

W. Richardson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4Nea Sant Beachc,

Geo. Drummond, Wiir Roe.

H. Herd.

rouneeniu Report on Public Accounts.

N° 57.

The Examination of Perry Player, Esquire; taken upon Oath, June ill, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs in the Port of London: He holds this Office by Patent, during Pleasure; he executes it himself, with the Assistance of One Clerk, whom he appoints: His Business is to collect the Duties upon White Woollen Cloths exported, and these are the only Duties he collects; the Petty Customs, or Aliens Duties Outwards, has been long since abolished, and the Aliens Duty Inwards is collected by the Collector Inwards. Where Goods are entered Outwards by an Alien, though he pays no Duty as Alien, yet a Fee is due; if a whole Fee, Three Shillings and Six Pence, of which one Shilling and Six Pence is paid to the Customer of Petty Customs, Eight Pence to his Controller, Eight Pence to the Surveyor, and Eight Pence to the Surveyor General, the Customer receives and divides it: This Fee is paid to the Customer, upon the Cocket being produced to him, which he signs: These Fees amount to very little in the Year, for few Entries are made in the Name of Aliens* He receives by his Patent a Salary of Five Pounds a Year, and the Fees upon Entries of Cloths Outwards, inserted in the Book of Rates; the Amount of these Fees last Year was Seventy-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; his Net Income was Forty-eight rounds and Three Pence. The Duties produced by this Branch are inconsiderable; he pays every Quarter into the Treasury all the Duties then in his Hands.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott, Rich4 Neave, Sam1 Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond, fVUr. Roe.

P. Player, Cust.

N- 58.

The Examination of Mr. William Reade; taken upon Oath, 31st May and 15th June, 1785.

N* 56.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Herd; taken upon Oath, June lft, 1785.

This Examinaqt faith, That the Deputy Controller Outwards receives no Salary, he is paid by small customary Fees received from the Merchants, or their Agents; he examines and computes the Bounties upon Debentures; he enters and signs them; he signs Bills of Health, Plantation and Irish Certificates, and Registers of Ships; for some of these he is paid One Shilling, for others Six Pence: The Amount of his Fees last Year was Two hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds; out of which he paid Eight Pounds for Taxes, and Forty Pounds to a Clerk appointed by the Controller;

Vol. 41.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Controller of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards in the Port of London; he is appointed by Lancelot Harrison, Esquire, the Controller, who holds his Office by Patent, for Life. — All the Business of this Branch is transacted by the Deputy, the Principal executes no Part of it. Where Cloth is exported, the Controller is a Check upon the Customer, both as to the Quantity exported, and as to the Computation of the Duties upon those Exports of Cloth liable to Duties: He compares the Articles entered upon the Bill with the Articles entered upon the Cocket, and computes the Duties, signs the Cocket, and retains the Bill; he enters the Duties in a Calli Book, and the Quantities in a separate Book. Every Week the Customer makes out

an

‘Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

84 27° Januarii. A- 1786.

an Account, whether he has received Duties or not; he enters the Total Sum, received, and signs the Account; it is lent to the Controller, who examines it with his own Entries, and signs it. Every Quarter the Customer, before he pays the Duties into the Treasury, applies to the Controller, to fee whether his Total Receipt agrees with the Total of the Controller.

No Duties have been received as he apprehends, for many Years by the Customer, under the Title of Petty Customs Inwards; but every Entry by an Alien, and of certain Goods imported in Foreign Ships, paying the Petty Customs to the Collector Inwards, is registered in the Controller’s Office.

The Controller is paid, by his Patent, a Salary of Two hundred Pounds a Year; he receives small Fees for Entries and Clearings, established by the Book of Rates, amounting last year to Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings: he paid for Taxes Fifty-five Pounds, and Twelve Shillings to his Deputy; which made his clear Receipt One hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings.

This Examinant further faith, That he is Assistant Clerk of the Ships Entries appointed by Warrant of the Treasury. The Business of this Office is transacted by himself and One Clerk, whom he appoints. The Assistant Clerk takes a Copy of every Ship’s Report from the Original: He enters in Three different Books the Names of the Ship and Master, from whence she comes, and where she is Quayed: He carries One of these Registers Daily to the Board, for them to appoint Officers for the Discharge of the Ship; the Copy is examined with the Original, and deposited with the Jerquer. He is paid Two Salaries, Sixty Pounds a Year by "his Warrant, and Twenty Pounds by Minute of the Board of Customs: He receives custoroary Fees for making out Sufferances, and for entering where the Ship is Quayed; these amounted last Year, to One hundred and Seventy Pounds: He paid for Taxes Three Pounds, and to a Clerk Thirty Pounds; which made his Net Income Two hundred and Seventeen Pounds.

Reade.

T.Anguish,

RichdNeave,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt Roe.

N* 59.

The Examination of George

Esquire; taken upon Oath, May 31st, 1785-

Chief Deputy, a Deputy Outwards, and Four Clerks: The Principal transacts no Part of the Business; he holds his Office by Patent for Life; he has Two Salaries, Three hundred by his Patent, and Twenty Pounds upon the Incidental Lift: His Fees consist of (mail Payments upon Entries, established by the Book of Rates; they amounted last Year to One thousand Five hundred and Twenty seven Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence: He paid, for Taxes, One hundred and Seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence;. to his Deputies, Three hundred and Twenty-six Pounds; to Clerks, One hundred and Fifty-five Pounds; and for Stationary, Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence; which reduced his clear Income to One thousand Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds and Seven Pence. He pays his Chief Deputy a clear Salary of Two hundred and Fifty-five Pounds a Year, which is his only Emolument.. He appoints all the Officers and Clerks, except the Clerk to the Deputy Outwards.

G. T. Brathwaite.

T. Anguish,

Richf Neave,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will"Roe.

N* 60.

The Examination of Mr. Charles May\ taken upon Oath, June lft, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Deputy Outwards, to the Surveyor receives from him a Salary of Seventy-one Pounds a Year; he is paid, by the Merchant or his Agent, small Fees upon Debentures, and for registering Entries entitled to Bounties, and for feme other Business, which Fees are grounded upon Usage; they amounted last Year to One hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence: He paid to his Clerk Fifteen Pounds, which reduced his Net Income to Two hundred and Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Cha. May.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WilC Roe.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Deputy to Lord Stawel, the Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs for London. This Officer is Surveyor of all the Custom Duties, both Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of London, and is a Check upon the Computation and Receipt of those Duties. The Office consists of a

a6 Geo. III.

85

a 7° Januarii.

N' 61.

fourteentk Report on Public Accounts.

Ad ACCOUNT of the Fees usually taken by the Officers in the Long Room, for the Foreign Bufinest

Inwards and Outwards.

Office of the Controller Inwards and Outwards in the Pent of London.

A Freeman’s Entry A Non-Freeman’s Entry An Alien’s Entry -

Controller.

Inwards.

I- s. d.

Whole Fees Half D* Whole D* Halt D* Whole D° Half D*

4

2

6

3

6

3

Outwards.

A Debenture - Whole Fees

HalfD*

A Ship’s Entry to the Levant D° - to other Pam A Ship's Clearing ..

A Victualling Bill ..

A Freeman’s Cocket 1- Whole Fees

HalfD*

A Non-Freeman’s Cocket - Whole D*

Half D*

A Certificate Cocket - - Whole I>

HalfD*

- 4

- 2 1 — *

- 4

- 6 - 6

- 4

- 2

- 6

- 3

- 4

- 2

Coastwise.

A Cocket -A Tran fire -

A Foreign Certificate A Certificate of Return to cancel Bond A Return Inwards - -

9

3 2

4 2

Principal Deputy.

A Cocket Whole Fees -

HalfD*

Deputy Controller Inwards.

On Certificate Debentures, when the Old Subsidy and additional Duty (agreeable to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage) amount to above 5s. and under 20s. which are computed, examined, entered, and signed -

D* - - above 20 s.-----

D* of any Amount — 15 |per Cens. on. Muffins and Callicoes aboye 4<w. - -

On Certificates for the Discharge of Bonds given in the Plantations, which art entered and a Seal affixed (upon an Average do not exceed Ten in a Year) -

On Duplicates of Tea exported io the WestJndies. and America (now done away) -

On en Entry of unrated Hast India Goods which are returned (upon an Average dp not exceed

Twelve in a Year) - - - -....

On keeping an Account, of East India Goods Imported, endorsing the various Payments on the respective Bonds, and discharging the fame, each ——

One-Prime Entry.of Tobacco bonded, which is computed, entered, and a Monthly Schedule made out; in Proportion to the Number of Hogsheads, the.Merchant allows from 2s.6d.to

----6

----6

— 2 — 6

— 26

— 10 6

— 10 6

"First Clerk.

On a Certificate of Goods exported, writing off the several Articles from their original Dates of Importation ——

Vql. 41. Z

6

On

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

85

vf'JanuairiL

A. 178 6*

On a Certificate for the Return of Duties, which are computed and wrote off1 the original Date of Entry, it amounting to 40#. -

On an Entry for the Payment of the Remainder of the Duties due on Goods taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption -For computing, writing oftj and Entry of the Tobacco Discounts, if amounting to 40$.

On computing and entering the Certificate for damaged Tobacco, if amounting to 40$.

Second Clerk.

On a Certificate Debenture, examining, endorsing, and entering the same -

On an Entry of unrated East India Goods returned — computing the Duties, &c.

On a Certificate for unrated East India Goods exported, writing off the several Articles from the original Dates of Entry, computing the Amount for which they sold at the East India Company’s Sale, and casting the reduced Value thereon -

Deputy Controller Outwards.

For a Silk Debenture, if the Bounty exceeds 2/. - -

For a Sugar D* - -

For Sail Cloth D*, if exceeding 5/. - -

For D* - - if exceeding 2/. - -

For all Corn - - above 5/. ——

For D° - if exceeding 2 /. - -

For Leather - - above 2/. - -

For Gunpowder, if exceeding a/. -

For a Plantation Certificate -

Fur an Irish D* -

For a Bill of Health - -.....- - - t

For a Register of a Ship -

London Greenland Ship - ‘ ——

Examining the Documents of the Out-Port Greenland Ships, Southern Whale Fishery Ships, Herring Busses ——

London Southern Whale Fishery Ships ——

For keeping an Account, and collecting the Patents Cocket Fees, per Month, about -

Clerk to Deputy Controller Outwards.

For every Bounty Debenture -For long Entries - -

For every Alteration in a Free Cocket

Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs Outwards, and his Deputy.

For every Whole Fee Cloth Cocket by a Freeman -For an Half D* -

For every Whole Fee Cloth Cocket by an Unfreeman For an Half D* -

For a Ship’s Clearing- -For a Streights or Western Island Ship’s Clearing For an Whole Alien Entry -

For an Half D* -

Controller of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards, and his Deputy.

For every Whole Free Cloth Entry ------- Half D* -

For every Whole Unfree Cloth Entry ------ Half D* - -

For every Alien’s Whole Entry ---------- Half D* -

For every Ship’s Clearing, except Streights For every Streights Clearing -For every Whole Fee Alien’s Warrant Inwards ------- Half D*....

" 4

— 2

— 6

— 3

— 6

— 3

— 10

1 6

— 2

— 1

s. d.

-----6

-----6

-----6

— — 3

-----3

-----6

----6

----6

----6

----6

----6

----6

— 2 6

5-----

Customer. Deputy.

6 3 6 3

8 6

— 1 4 4 -- - A

8 — 4 4

" 4 3

Patentee. Deputy.

2

1

2

1

2 1

Surveyor

46 Geo. III.

47" Januarit.

87

Surveyor of the Subsidies and Petty Culioms.

Fourteenth Report on 1'ublic Accounts.

Petty Custoros Outwards.

Por a Cloth Cocket by British Freemen of London -

For a Stranger’s Cocket, or Unfreemen *....

For a Cloth Certificate, by Strangers or British, to pals according to the old Rate -For a Ship’s Entry eroding the Seas - -

For a Ship’s Entry to the Streights, Canaries, or Western Islands -For clearing of Ships, and examining the Book - -

-.To the Customer’s Clerks. More for a Cloth Cocket or Certificate -

£. s. d.

-----4

— — 6

-----4

-----4

-----6

-----2

Subsidy Outwards.

For every Ship’s Entry within the Levant, or beyond the Streights Mouth - -

For every Ship’s Entry going to other Foreign Parts -

For every Ship’s Entry going to the Out Ports ——

For clearing every Ship passing to Foreign Parts, and for examining the Ship’s Contents

For every British Cocket by Freemen -

For every Stranger’s or Unfreernan’s Cocket -

For making every Certificate Cocket, as well British as Strangers, for Goods which paid Subsidy Inwards, and pay no Subsidy Outwards -

For every Certificate upon Warrant trom His Majesty or the Lord Treasurer, paying no Duties -For a Foaring Bill, licensing such as bring in Victuals to carry out Beer by Store For every Coast Cocket Outwards, and entering in His Majesty’s Books for a whole Ship or Vessel passing into the Open Seas -

For making every Certificate of Return -

For making, entering, and keeping an Account of every Debenture for Re-payment of Half Subsidy, or other Sums of Money -

To the Clerks for a Cocket, by British or others ——

1 —

— 4

— 1

— 6

— 4

— 6

— 4

— 8 — 6

— 8

— 2

— 4

— 2

Petty Custom Inwards.

For every Stranger’s Warrant -

For every Bill at Sight -

For every great Employment to employ the Proceed of Goods

2

4

Subsidy Inwards.

For every Warrant by British Freemen of London ——

For every Warrant for Strangers or Unfreemen -

For a Certificate of Foreign Goods coming from any of the Out Ports to London, or from any other Port to Port within this Nation ——

For Goods lent by Sea, by the Importer thereof, to any of the Out Ports from London For every Bill of Portage ——

For a Second or Parcel Cocket Outwards ——

4

6

2

2

3

2

Deputy Surveyor Outwards.

On Bounty Debentures amounting to 40 s..and upwards (Linen Debentures excepted) - each

Sail Cloth and Corn Debentures, amounting to 5/. and upwards - each

Registering Entries, receiving Bounty, and on Apparel and Provisions -On very long Entries ------ each

Clerk to Deputy Surveyor Outwards.

On Bounty Debentures amounting to 40 £. and upwards ..... each

Corn Debentures ------- each

2

6

Voju 41.

FovftMoUl Kcport on Public Accounts*

88 27* Januarii. A. 1786.

N* 62.

The Examination of William Suckling, Esquire j takfen apon Oath, June 3 and 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That the Collector Inwards bolds his Office by Patent during the Life of the Right Honourable Charles Jenkinson: He executes no Part of the Business; it is all transa&ed by his Deputies and Clerks: He is paid Three Salaries, Four hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence by his Patent, Two hundred Pounds, and Seventy Pounds, by Treasury Warrants: His Fees are almost all grounded upon the Book of Rates, and are small Payments upon Documents therein mentioned; they amounted lad Year to One Thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence: He paid for Taxes, Two hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence; to his Deputies, Six hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny; and for Contingencies, Twelve Pounds Five Shillings: His Net Income was One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence.

The Deputy receives a Salary from the Collector, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, by a Treasury Warrant One hundred Pounds, arhd upon the Incidental Lift Fifty Pounds: His Fees consist of One Third of ffie Coinage Fee of One Shilling in the Pound on Spirits, collected in the Port of London’, this produced last Year One hundred and Fourteen Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence; of a Part of the Sufferance Fee, and of customary Fees for Incidental Business, these amounted last Year to Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence: He paid for Taxes Thirty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence, and for Incidents Eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence: His Net Income was Seyen hundred and Forty-six Poulnds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

T. Anguish, A. Piggott, Richf Neave, Will" Roe. W. Suckling.

- N° 63.

The Examination of Mr. Martin Challis; taken

upon Oath, June7th, 1785.

This EXanrtittatit faith, That he 13 Clerk of the Ships Entries; he holds His Office by Deputation from the Collector Inwards in the Tort of London: The Business of this Office is transa&ed by himself and One Clerk, appointed by the Collector.

The Report of every Ship, whether British or Foreign, arriving in the Port of London from Foreign Parts, signedand sworn to by the Master, is deposited in this Office; the Name, the Master, the Tonage, the Number of Men, and the Port from whence she comes, are entered in a Book kept for that Purpose.

The Clerk of the Ships Entries has no Salary; he is paid by customary Fees from the Merchant or Ship’s Owner upon every Report, and other small Fees for Business transacted in the Office; they amounted last Year to Five hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence: He paid for Taxes Twenty-six Pounds Ten Shillings, and to his Clerk Fifty Pounds,

which reduced his Income to Four hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings ’ and Eight Pence.

Martin Challis.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Geo. Drummond

Will-Roe.

N* 64.

The Examination of Mr. William; taken upon Oath, June 7th and 9th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That it has been usual for the Cleric of the Rates to oolle& upon every Entry, where Fees are due, the Fees payable for that Entry to the CollectOr Inwards, the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, the Register of Warrants, and the Patent King’s Waiters, and to pay over these Fees to each Officer; he receives also the Fee upon a Debenture for a Drawback, payable to the Collector;- — all these Fees are grounded upon the Table annexed to the Book of Rates: The greatest Sum of Fees that can be paid upon a single Entry, collected by him, is Four Shillings and Two Pence, which is divided among the Five Principal Officers, and Nineteen Patent King’s Waiters; the smallest Sum io divided is One Shilling and Three Pence; the Debenture Fee is either Eight Pence or Four Pence.

The Business of the Office of Clerk of the Rates is transacted by himself and Three Clerks; he is allowed by the Collector a Portion of the Poundage upon the Fees of Entries, which he receives for the Collector, Controller, Surveyor, Surveyor General, and Register of Warrants; and also a Portion of the Collector’s Fees on Poll Entries, on Debentures, on Entries of Goods liable to the Aliens Duty because imported in Foreign Ships; and the Whole of the Collectors, Controllers, and Surveyor General’s Fees on Portage Bills; these, together with a Salary of Sixty Pounds, allowed him by the Collector, amounted last Year to about Two hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny. For receiving the Fees of the Patent Kings Waiters, he has from them 5 /. per Cent, on the Amount of the Fees, and which produced to him last Year about Sixty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence. He is also allowed, as Computer of the Impost on Tobacco, the Sum of One hundred Pounds a Year, by Warrant from the Treasury.

He has also certain small customary Allowances from the Merchants, on the parting of Documents through his Office; which, with an Annual Gratuity of Ten Pounds from the East India Company, amounted last Year to about Two hundred and Fifty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence; the Total of these several Salaries and Allowances last Year was Six hundred and Forty-five Pounds; out of which he paid for T&xee Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence, and to Clerks One hundred and Ten Pounds, which reduced his Net Income to Five hundred and Six Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence.

The Three Clerks under him have, besides the Salary of One hundred and Ten Pounds paid by him, certain customary Allowances from the Merchants, for Business done; which Allowances amounted last Year to about Two hundred and Forty-four Pounds, and with the Salary made the Net Income of the First Clerk about One hundred and Forty Pounds; of the Second Clerk about One hundred and Thirty-

02 eight

0,6 Geo. Ill I70 januarii.

eight Pounds; and of the Third about Seventy-six Pounds a Year.

W. Sms.

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Will- Roe.

come of the Office Three hundred and Eighty-three Fourteenth Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence. Report

Gyles. Public

T.Anguish, AccounU*

T. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Wilt*Roe.

N*65.

The Examination of Mr. James Deacon; taken upon Oath, June 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Business of the Office of Receiver of the Grand Receipt is executed by him-feIf and Two Clerks, all appointed by the Collector. The Receiver has a Salary of Seventy Pounds a Year paid to him by the Collector, he receives customary Allowances of the Merchant, from Sixpence to One Shilling and Six Pence each, on the Payment of Debentures for Drawbacks and Bounties, and Two Shillings on each Return of Bills of Sight; where the Total Sum of the Duties upon an Entry produces a Fraction under Six Pence, the Merchant pays him the Six Pence, and where between Six Pence and One Shilling, the Merchant pays him the Shilling; These Odd Pence and Allowances amounted last Year to Six hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence: He paid for Taxes Five Pounds One Shilling, to a Clerk Ten Pounds Ten Shillings, and for contingent Expences Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings; his Net Income was Seven hundred and Six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence.

Regularly the Duties upon an Entry ought to be brft computed by the Clerk of the Rates, then pals the Four Checks, before the Officer receives them; but the Necessity arising from the Multiplicity of the Business, and the Difficulty of the Computation, is such, that the Receiver, to avoid Delay, is obliged to receive the Duties upon the Computation of any known Officer in the Long Room, subject to the subsequent Computation of tie Checks: If the Duty is in the first Instance under calculated, the Receiver is charged with the Amount of the real Duty, and mull recover the Deficiency from the Merchant; these Mistakes are very frequent, they have amounted, in One Year, to above One thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Ja. Deacon.

T. Anguish,

A. PiggoU,

Richd Neave,

Wilt* Roe.

N* 66.

The Examination of Mr. Henry taken

upon Oath, June8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That the Office of the Receiver of the Plantation Duties is conducted by himself and One Clerk, both appointed by the Collector Inwards; he is paid by the Collector a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, and by the Merchant small customary Allowances upon the Payment of Debentures, upon Tobacco Bonds, Bills at Sight, and the Odd Pence upon Entries; all these amounted together, last Year, to Three hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence; the Taxes were Five Pounds, and the Payment to a Clerk Twenty-five Pounds; which rendered die Net In-Vol. 41.

N* 67.

The Examination of Mr. William taken upon Oath, June 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Receiver of the Wine Duties is assisted by One "Clerk, appointed, as well as himself, by the Collector Inwards. The Receiver is allowed, by a Minute of the Board Of Customs, a Salary of Fifty Podnds a Year, for paying the Imprest Orders; he has Four Pence in the Pound, that is. One Third of the Poundage upon the Coinage Duty upon Wine in the Port of London-, which amounted last Year to Sixty Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence; he receives from the Merchants an Allowance upon the Payment of a Debenture, the Guernsey Certificate, the Return of a Deposit, and the Odd Pence upon the Total of the Entry: Thele amounted last Year to One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny; he paid for Taxes Eleven Pounds Ten Shillings and One Half-penny, and to the Clerk Twenty-five Pounds: His net Income was Twd

hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

JVM Mucklow.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Wilt*Roe.

N*68.

The Examination of Mr. Hutchinson Hothersatl Browne;taken upon Oath, June 9th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That as Computer of the Wine Duties, he has no other Emolument than certain small customary Allowances, made him by the Merchant on computing the Entries; which amounted last Year to Two hundred and Ten Pounds Three Shillings, being the Whole Net Income of his Office.

Hutchinson H.

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe.

N* 69.

The Examination of Mr. Peregrine Sims; taken upon Oath, June loth and 14th, 1785*

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy to Thomas Meggs, Esquire, the Petty Customer Inwards, who holds his Office by Patent, during Life; the Principal does not transact the Business of the Office himself, it is executed solely by the Deputy. For a Long Period of Time no Duties have been received by the Petty Customer; they are paid to the Collector Inwards. Where an Entry is on Alien Account, the Merchant, o t his Agent, brings the Warrant to the Petty Customer, who signs that Warrant, takes a Copy of it,

A a and

Fourteenth Report on Public AccoUqtf.

oO 27° Januarii* A. 1786.

and enters that Copy in a Book-, which is returned to the Exchequer: Upon every Alien's Warrant, produced to the Petty Customer, he takes a Fee of One Shilling and Eight Pence, when the Customs shall amount to Twenty Shillings or upwards; and when the Customs shall amount to Five Shillings, and be under Twenty Shillings, a FeeofOue Shilling and One Penny: Upon certain Articles of Commerce, imported in Foreign Ships, and thence subjefit to the Petty Customs, when the Customs shall amount to Twenty Shillings, or upwards, a Fee of Two Shillings is paid to the petty Customer upon that Entry; and a Fee of One Shilling and Three Pence upon similar Entries, where the Customs shall amount to Five Shillings, and under Twenty.

Every Bill at Sight, obtained by an Alien, or for Goods imported on Foreign Bottoms, and subject to the Petty Customs, must be ligned by the Petty Customer, for which he receives a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but no Fee is afterwards taken upon the Warrant made out from that Bill at Sight: These Fees are partly grounded upon the Book of Rates, and partly upon Usage.

The Petty Customer receives a Salary of Sixty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, which is inserted in his Patent Out: of the Fees received by the Petty Customer he pays certain Proportions to the Collector Inwards, the Comptroller of the Petty Customs, the Surveyor, and Surveyor General: The Amount of the Fees he received last Year was Two hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny; out of which he paid to the above Officers, as their Shares of those Fees, Fifty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence: He paid for Taxes Eighteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, and to his Deputy Seventy-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence; which left a Net Emolument from his Office last Year of Two hundred Pounds.

This Examinant further faith, That as Deputy to the Petty Customer, he received from his Principal a Salary of Sixty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and was allowed by him a part of the Fees, which together amounted last Year to Seventy-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence; and this was the whole Income of that Employment.

Peregrine

T. Anguish,

Rick Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

WiU* Roe.

N# 70.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Frewin; taken upon Oath, June 13th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Office of Examiner of the Duties Inwards is executed by the Examiner, and Three Clerks: The Examiner is appointed by the Warrant of the Treasury, during Pleasure; the Clerks are appointed by him: He has by his Warrant a Salary of Sixty Pounds a Year; his Fees are small customary Payments by the Merchants upon Debentures, and by the Captains upon Portage Bills; these amounted last Year to Two hundred and Ninety-one Pounds One Shilling; he paid for Taxes Three Pounds, and to his Clerks One hundred Pounds; his Net Income was Two hundred and Forty-eight Pounds One Shilling.

The Fees paid to the First Clerk arise also from Debentures, and amounted last Year to Sixty-seven 06

Pounds Nine Shillings; the Second Clerk has Fees on Certificates for Over-entries and Damages; lie received from them last Year Twelve Pounds Five Shillings.

R. Frewin.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond, mu* Roe.

N* 71*

The Examination of Mr. White", taken

upon Oath, June 14th and 15th, 1785.

This Examinent faith, That he is Computer of the Duties of 15 per Cent, on Mullins and White Callicoes; he is appointed by Warrant from the Treasury; the Office is executed by the Principal, and One Clerk, appointed and paid by him: The Duty of the Office is to attend the Sales of the East India Company, to take an Account of the Lots of Mullins and Callicoes, the Prices they are sold at, and to compute the Duties upon those Prices; he compares, from time to time, his Account with that of the Comptroller Inwards, and of the Officers of the India Company; and at the End of the Sale he casts up the Columns in his Account to Totals, and compares them in the like Manner; he then draws up a State of his Account, signs it, and tranlinits it to the Receiver of the Grand Receipt; he computes the Drawback, and signs the Debenture.

He is paid by his Warrant a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year; he receives from the East India Company, and the Exporters, small customary Fees upon the Entry, Certificate, and Debenture; they amounted last Year to One hundred and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings; out of which he paid Twenty-one Pounds Two-Shillings for Taxes, and Fifty Pounds to his Clerk: His Net Income was One hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Eight Shillings.

P. White.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will» Roe.

v N#72.

The Examination of Mr. William; taken upon Oath, June 15th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Copying Clerk of the Entries Inwards is paid a Salary of Forty Pounds a Year by-his Warrant; he receives from the -Merchant generally a customary Payment of One Shilling, for his having procured to the Warrant the Hands of all the Checks, and delivering it to the Discharging Officer looner than it could have been perfected in the usual Course of Business; these Payments amounted last Year to about One hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings; he paid for Taxes, exclu-five of the Receipt Tax, One Pound, and for Assistance about Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings: His Net Income was about Two hundred and Nine Pounds Eight Shillings.

Wm Saxby.

T. Anguish,

Rick1 Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N* 73-

26 Geo. III.

2 70 Januarii.

9*

N* 73-

An ACCOUNT of the Fees and Gratuities usually taken by the Officers in the Long Room, for the

Import Buhner*.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Collector Inwards.

For a Shipper’s Entry, with the particular Contents, vis.

From the East Indies, or Streights - -

From Spain, Portugal, and The West Indies, or British Plantations -

From Dunkirk or France, Flanders, Holland, Irelandor any Eastern or Northern Parts

For every Ship or Vessel lese than ao Tons ——

For every Hoy ——

For every Oath -

For every Foreigner’s Entry - - Double

For a Debenture ——

For a Ditto ——

For a Post Entry -

For every Warrant by British Freemen of London -

For every Warrant for Strangers or Unfreemen -

For every Cerrihcate of Foreign Goods imported to be shipped out free of Subhdy For every Certificate of Goods under the Value of 20/. -

For every Certificate of Foreign Goods coming from any of the Out Ports - -

For every Certificate of Freedom for Prize Ships -

For a Debenture ——

For a Ditto ——

For a Whole Sufferance -

For a Half Ditto - -

For a Bill of Stores ——

For a Whole Fee Sufferance for Wood -

For a Half Ditto ——

For a Corn Sufferance -

For a Certificate of Foreign Goods brought Coastwise -

For a Navigator’s Entry - - - - *

For a Ditto ——

For every Parcel brought into the King’s Warehouse for Security of the Duties -

Chief Deputy.

For drawing Special Bonds under a Treasury Warrant - -

For filling up the Bonds for the Security of the Duties on East India Goods ..

For keeping an Account of East India Goods imported, and endorsing the various Payments on the respective Bonds, and discharging the same -

By Gratuities at Christmas ....

Clerk of the Ships Entries Inwards.

For every Ship from the East Indies, with Contents of the Cargo For every Ship from the Greenland Seas -

For every Ship from the West Indies, Spain, or Portugal, of 300 Tons For every Ship from Ditto under 300 Tons, and from Quarantine For every Ship from Ireland, Bourdeaux, Rouen, Norway, or The Baltic For every Ship from Boulogne, Calais, the Ports in Flanders, and Holland For a Certificate to discharge Bond in the Plantations for a Cargo For entering a Ship’s Register -

For Sealing a Certificate to make a Foreign Ship free For writing an Affidavit....

s. d.

2 6

2 —

1 8

6

— 2

— 8

4

— 6

4

— 6

1 6

— 6

— 6

10 —

— 4

— 3

2 6

1 6

— 6

----1 6

Clerk to Ditto.

For writing Orders for such Ships as are wanted to be landed, a small Fee of 6d. or

6

4

2

2

— 10 6

— 6 —

1 1 —

15-----

8 — 8 6 8 6

4 —

3 6

1 6

5 6 1 . —

1 — — 4

Voju 41.

Clerk

Fourteenth Report on Publio Accounts

27* Januariu A. 1786.

Clerk of the Rates.

For Debentures;

Viz. Certificate, where the Old Subsidy and Additional Duty to be drawn back amounts to 5 s. and under 20#. -

----- above 20 s. -

- - - - more for every 15 per Cent. Parchment, amounting to 40#. and

upwards ——

Bounty on Refined Sugar -

- - -on Silk....

Bills of Sight, from ——

to---.....-

Prime Entries, for Tobacco, bonded, from - - - .

to ——

Payment of the Home Consumption Duties on Coffee and Cocoa -

Portage Bills of 10 s.and upwards -

Entries for Goods imported in Foreign Ships, where the Goods are liable to the Petty Custom — the Old Subsidy and additional Duty amounting to 5 s. and under 20*. ----- - 20 j. and upwards -

A Gratuity from the East India Company Annually -

s. d.

----2

— — 4

----6

----6

----6

— 26

— 74

1 9

----4

10 — —

First Clerk to the Clerk of the Rates.

For-a Certificate to the Lord Mayor for Entries of Corn and Linseed A single Licence to import Spice -

A Dozen of the same ——

A Warrant for paying up the Duties for Home Consumption on Tobacco bonded -

Second Clerk to Ditto.

For Debentures;

Viz. Certificate -

More for 15 per Cent. Parchment, amounting to 40 s. and upwards Bounties on Silk and Sugar ....

Licence for the Importation of Cambricks -

Duplicate of the fame, if out of Time -

Junior Clerk to Ditto.

Portage Bills. Of 40 s. and upwards, of Europe -

50 s. and upwards, of the Indies For altering an Entry, by Permission, after it is passed Certificates of Over-entry, Damage, and Discount above 40 ---- for damaged Tobacco above 40 &

— 26

— 10 6 6

2

1

3

3

2

6

6

6

3

Receiver of the Grand Receipt and his First Clerk.

Cleric.

On paying the Drawback on Foreign Goods, and the Bounty on British Goods exported, the Merchant allows at his own Discretion, and in Proportion to the Amount of each Debenture -Where Odd Pence happen to arise on the Total Amount of Duties on an Entry for Goods imported, it is coftomary, tho’ not universal, for the Merchant to pay down Even Money, and the Fee in such same is, from ——

When a Merchant cannot ascertain the exact Quantum or Description of his Goods, he is allowed to take out a Bill of Sight, making a Deposit equal to the supposed Amount of his Duties; when this Bill is perfefled the Fee is ——

On making out a Bill of Sight for the Cargo of an Indiamm -

jC* t.

s.

1

2

d.

6

5

£. s. d.

1 —

6

Receiver

26 Geo. III.

93

Receiver of the Plantation Duties.

Fra&ions on Entries. — When Fra&ions arise on the Amount of an Entry, it is customary (tho’ not

universal) for the Merchant to pay even Money.

On Tobacco Bonds. — For 50 Hogsheads and upwards -

For 20 D* — and under 50 Hogsheads -

por 10 D* — and under 20 - - - - r

For all under 10 Hogsheads -

On Debentures. — For paying a Debenture amounting to above 50 /. -

under 50/. - -

On Bills at Sight — for each

On D® by his Clerk

Fourteenth Report on Public Account*,

£ t. d.

— 10 6

— 7 6

— 5 —

— 26

— 16

— 2 —

Receiver of the Wine Duties.

Whenever Odd Pence occur in the Total of the Duties, it has been usual for the Merchant to pay even Money, which Custom produces upon each Entry, with few Exceptions, from

to

It is the Duty of this Officer to pay Debentures for each, of which he is generally allowed, in Proportion to the Amount, from ——

to

Guernsey Certificates are examined, and the Quantity entered particularly noted; upon each of these Documents he receives ——

And upon the Returns of Deposits ------ each

1

1

2

51

6

6

Computer of the Duties on Wine.

For every Entry for Wine, where the Old Subsidy and Additional Duty amounts tq 5$. or more -

For every Poll Entry, where the Old Subsidy and Additional Duty amounts to 40$. or more -For every Post Entry, where the Old Subsidy and Additional Duty amounts to 55. and is under 405. -

----6

----6

1 —

Collector of the Petty Customs.

For every Merchant Stranger’s, or Alien Entry, Whole Fees -For every Half Fee Entry -

For every Navigator’s Entry, whole Fees -

For every Half Fee Entry -

For every Bill of Sight -

1 8

t 1

2 —

1 3

2 6

Register of His Majesty’s Warrants.

For every British Warrant for Goods Inwards - - - - -- - - - 2

For every Stranger’s Warrant - - - 4

Office of the Examiner of all Duties Inwards, except Wine and Currants.

For every Certificate Debenture, on which the Moiety of the Old Subsidy and the Add1 Duty amounts to 5 s. and is under 405. ——

For every Certificate Debenture, on which die Moiety of the Old Subsidy and the Add1 Duty amounts to 20#. or more -For every Certificate Debenture, being for Muffins or Callicoes (in Addition' to the above Fee) when the Drawback of the Duty of 15 per Cent, amounts to 405. or more -For every Certificate Debenture, being for Mullins or Callicoes -

For every other Certificate Debenture -

For every Portage Bill, amounting to 20$. and under 40$. -For every Portage Bill, amounting to 405. or more -

For every Certificate, for the Payment of the Bounty on Goods imported, amounting to 40s. or more - -

For every Certificate, or Over-entry, or Damage, amounting to 405. or more ——

For every Special Certificate, amounting to 405. or more -

Vol. 41.

Principal, First Clerk. Second Clerk.

£ s- d> 6 6 £ s. d. £ 5. d.

6

6 3 *

- - 6

— m ... 6

Bb 6 Examiner

Fourteenth

Keport on Public Accounts*

94 27* Januarii. 1786.

Examiner of Duties on Wines and Currants, and his Cleric.

For every Wine Debenture, if the Old Subsidy and Add* Duty amounts to 11, or more ——

For every Debenture for Wine, where the Old Subsidy and Add1 Duty amounts to 5 s. and is under 1L - -

For every Portage Bill for Wine, where it amounts to 1/. or upwards For every other Portage Bill, where it amounts to 2 or upwards -

Examiner. Clerk.

£ s. d. 1* 1 ?

6 6

6

Computing Clerk of the 15 per Cent. Duties on Mullins and White Callicoes.

Certificates of 15 per Cent.on Mullins and Callicoes exported -

Debentures of D* ——

Entry of D* -

Perquisite from East India Company per Annum -

By the Computer of the Duties on unrated East India Goods, an Annual Gratuity -

-----6

5

5

Clerk to the Computer of unrated East India Goods.

Tor a Certificate Debenture, when the Old Subsidy and Add1 Duty amount to above 5s. and under 20s. which are computed, examined, entered, and signed -D* - - - above 20s. -

On an Entry of unrated Goods, which are returned (upon an Average they do not exceed Twelve in a Year) -

On a Certificate for unrated Goods which are exported, for writing off the several Articles from the original Dates of Entry, computing the Amount for which they sold at the East India Company's Sale, and calling the reduced Value thereon -

1---9

— 1 3

— 36

— — 6

Copying Clerk of the Entries Inwards.

For expediting the Warrant, and delivering it to the discharging Officer -

1 — <

Assistant to the Clerk of the Ships Entries.

For every Baggage Sufferance....

For every Corn Sufferance -

Ships that are Quayed, each -

— 1 6

— 2

6

Clerk to Ditto;

From the Land Waiters, when they requell a Copy of the Ship’s Report

1 —

W 74-

The Examination of James Esquire; taken

upon Oath, June 16th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Deputy to the Duke of Manchester, the Collector of the Customs Outwards in the Port of London. The Collector holds his Pffice by Patent, for Life: He executes no Part of the Business. — This Office consists of Two Branches, the Cocket Office, and the Coast Office. The Business of the Cocket Office is transa&ed by the Chief Deputy to the Collefitor Outwards, the Deputy, the Assistant Deputy, the Receiver, Eight Cocket Writers (Two of whom are the AfiHtant Deputy, and the Receiver) and an extra Clerk. The bufioels of the Coast Office

is transacted by a Deputy and Three Clerks. All thele Officers are appointed by the Collector. The Collector is paid by a Salary, and Fees; his Salary is Two hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence a Year, infeited in his Patent; the Fees are received by the Deputy, and paid over to the Chief Deputy for the Use of the Collector; they amounted lait Year to about One thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-five Pounds; his Payment for Taxes was One hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings, and for contingent Expences Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence; his Net Income was One thousand Nine hundred and Seventy Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence.

This Examinant further faith, That as Chief Deputy he has no Salary; but is paid by the Deputy Outwards, out of the Fees he receives from the Merchants,

a6 Geo. III. 37’‘Januarti. 95

chants, Three hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year; and by the Deputy of the Coast Business out of the like Pees, Eighty-eight Pounds Four Shillings a Year; and from the Receiver of the Trinity Lights, Nine Pounds Nine Shillings: These have been the constant Payments to the Chief Deputy ever since he has known the Office, which is about Twenty-three Years. These Payments are clear of all Deductions, and amount to Four hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings.

J.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

IViUr Roe.

N* 75-

The Examination of Mr. William; taken upon Oath, June 17th, 17S5.

This Examinant faith, That, as Deputy Collector Outwards, he collects certain Fees for certain Officers. He collects all the Fees due to the Collector Outwards, arising in the Cocket Office Outwards: These Fees consist of small Payments by the Merchants for Variety of Business done in the Office, and are all grounded upon the Table of Fees annexed to the Book of Rates, except the Fee of One Shilling upon the Plantation Bond, which is grounded upon Usage: He pays these Fees Monthly to the Chief Deputy, for the Use of the Collector: This is the principal Branch of his Fees. Where the Amount of the Old Subsidy is Twenty Shillings Net Money and upwards, a Whole Fee is paid; where under Twenty Shillings, and above Five, a Half Fee; and where under Five, no Fee.

For certain Business, dated in his Account of Fees transmitted to this Board, he receives the Fees due to the Controller, the Surveyor, and the Surveyor General, which are annexed to the Book of Rates; and the Fees due to the Deputy Controller, a Clerk in the Secretary’s Office, Two Clerks in his own Office, and himself, which are grounded upon Custom: He pays to these several Officers their Fees. Out of his own Fees, he pays to the Chief Deputy Three hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year, as a customary Composition for what used to be his Share of them. The Remainder amounted last Year to One thousand Four hundred and Sixty Pounds Four Shillings; out of which he paid for Taxes, Twenty-seven Pounds; to Deputies, Fifty Pounds; to Clerks, I2ighty-one Pounds Ten Shillings; for Stationary, Three hundred and Twenty-four Pounds; and to the Messenger, Twenty-five Pounds Five Shillings: His Net Income was Nine hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Nine Shillings. He has no Salary.

JV Bates,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

mil" Roe.

N* 76.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas taken

upon Oath, June aoth, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That, as Assistant Deputy Outwards for Foreign Business to the Collector Outwards, and as First Cocket Writer, he receives a Salary and Fees. His Salary is Forty Pounds a Year, paid to him by the Deputy Outwards. His Fees are customary Vol. 41.

Payments by the Merchant upon the Delivery of the Cocket, or of a Duplicate of the Content of a Ship’s Cargo to Ireland: He is paid for perusing the Warrant and Four Bills, and adjusting them, and writing a Cocket for the lame, from Six Pence to Five Shillings, according to the length of the Cocket; but where the Cocket Writer draws out and arranges an Entry from a complicated Lift of Articles, he receives a Gratuity, at the Pleasure of the Merchant, as for extra Business. All the Cocket Writers are paid in the same Manner for writing Cockets. His Fee for making out a Duplicate is Two Shillings and Six Pence. He receives all the Fees upon a Cocket wrote by him, due to the Collector, Controller, Surveyor, and Surveyor General; and pays Monthly to each the Fees belonging to him: All the Cocket Writers receive the like Fees for these Officers. The Amount of the Fees received by him last Year, on his own Account, was about Four hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence; out of which he paid to a Clerk Forty Pounds, and for Stationary about Nine Pounds. His Net Income was Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

T. Sutton.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Will mRoe.

N* 77-

The Examination of Mr. James Dodson; taken upon Oath, June 17th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That as Receiver of the Customs Outwards he is paid by the Deputy Outwards a Salary of Ten Pounds a Year. He receives from the Merchants, upon Payment of the Duties, the Odd Pence between One Penny and Six Pence, and between Seven Pence and One Shilling, on the Amount of the Duties, either on One or more Entries; this, upon an Average, produces about Fifteen Pounds a Year. He receives small Fees for entering Out Port and Com Debentures: As a Cocket Writer, for adjusting the Warrant, and writing the Cocket, he has a Fee from Six Pence to Five Shillings, according to the Length; all these are customary Fees, and amounted together last Year to about Two hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings, out of which he paid for Stationary, both as Receiver and Cocket Writer, about Eleven Pounds Seven Shillings, which reduced his Net Income to Two hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings.

James Dodson,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N° 78.

The Examination of Mr. Robert Seymour; taken upon Oath, June 21ft, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy to Frederick Augusta Barnard. Esquire, the Cnftomer of the Great Customs Outwards, who holds his Office by Patent, but executes no Part of the Business; it is all trail fueled by the Deputy.

The only Duty collected by this Officer is that on Leather exported: The Computation and Col left ion of the Duty, and the Computation of the Drawback,

is

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

2 7° Januarii. A. 1786.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

is checked and transacted in the like Manner with other Export Duties, except that the Drawback is checked by his Controller only, and payable at the Excise Office.

Where Wool is to be carried Coastwise, the Owner or his Agent, producing his Petition, granted by the Board, gives Notice to the Customer, describing very, minutely every Circumstance that relates to it; the Customer makes out a Bond, to be entered into by the Owner or Agent, to secure the shipping of the Wool, and a Licence to ship it, and gives Notice to the Officers of the Port to which the Wool is intended to be lent. Two Returns of the Wool being shipped are made to this Office by the Coast Waiters; the Customer endorses a Cocket upon One of them, and makes out a Coast Bond, which is a Security to be given by the Master of the Ship to land the Wool in some Port in Great Britain', upon Execution of this Bond he delivers to him the Cocket.

The Certiftcate of the Landing, signed by the Collector, Controller, and Three Landing Officers, at the Port where landed, is brought to this Office; in consequence of his Return he cancels both the Bonds, annexes the Certificate to the Coast Bond, and transmits them to the Exchequer.

Where Wool- is brought into the Port of the Customer has Notice from the Out Port, receives the Cocket, compares it with the Notice, grants the Sufferance, after Leave obtained from the Board; and after landing, certified by the Coast Waiter, the Customer makes out a Certificate, and delivers it to the Persons applying. /

Where Leather is -carried Coastwise, he makes out and takes the Coast Bond from the Master of the Ship, and cancels it, in like Manner, upon the Return of the Certificate. All the Documents, except the Notices, are registered in this Office.

The Customer has a Salary by his Patent of Fifty Pounds a Year; he receives finali Fees for Business transa&ed in his Office, grounded some of them upon the Book of Rates, others upon Usage; they amounted last Year to One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence; he paid for Taxes Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence, to his Deputy Forty Pounds, and for printing Instruments One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence: His Net Income was One hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence.

The Deputy receives from his Principal, a Salary of Forty Pounds a Year, and similar Fees, grounded upon Usage, to the Amount, last Year, of One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence; he paid for Stationary Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, which reduced his Income to One hundred and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence.

R. Seymour.

T. Anguish,

R ichf Neacc,

Will.Roe.

N# 79.

The Examination of Mr. Perry Player Blommarl; taken upon Oath, June 23d, and 27th, 1785.

It is the Business of this Controllor to check the Customer in every Circumstance which regards the Computation and Collection of the Duty and Drawback on Leather exported, in a manner similar to what is practised upon other Export Duties; with this Difference, that the Computation of the Drawback by the Customer does not pass any other Check than this Officer.

When Wool is to be carried Coast wile from,

the Licence and Bond are brought to the Controller, signed by the Customer; he examines those Two Instruments, to see that they agree in all material Circumstances — he registers, and signs them; he examines the Notice to the Out Ports, the Return from the Coast; Waiters, and signs the Cocket which is endorsed upon One of the Returns.

When the Return is made by the Out Port Officers, certifying the Wool to have been landed, he examines the Return with the Entry formerly made in the Licence Bond Book, and in the Coast Outward Book, to see that they agree iu every Particular, and puts his Initials to the Return.

Where Wool is brought to London from an Out Port, he compares the Cocket with the Notice sent fromr the Out Port to the Customer and Controller; and if they correspond, he signs the Return, which is made out by the Coast Waiters in London, and transmitted to the Out Port.

Lrpon the Carriage of Leather Coastwise, he signs the Cocket and Sufferance; he examines the Return mtde by the Officers at the Out Port with a Register of those Instruments which he had previously made, and if they agree, he signs the Return with his Initials. The Controller registers all Documents, except the Notices Outwards.

The Controller has, by his Patent, a Salary of Thirty Pounds a Year; he receives Four Fees from the Merchant or Captains of Vessels, of One Shilling each; Three of them upon the Entry of Cockets Coastwise, which, as he apprehends, are grounded upon the Book of Rates; and One upon the Examination and Computation of Debentures, grounded upon Usage: These amounted last Year, as he believes, having assisted in making up the Three last Quarters of it, to Seventy-six Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny; out of which Ten Pounds Fifteen Shillings was paid (or Taxes, which, with Ten Shillings paid for contingent Expences, reduced the Net Income of the Controller to Sixty-five Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny.

This Examinant further faith, That the Deputy to the Controller has no Salary; he has Three customary Fees, One of Two Fifths' of Two Shillings, the Fee on a Licence; of Four Pence for an Entry of Calves Skins; and Eight Pence on a Leather Debenture; these amounted, last Year, to Thirty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence, which was the whole Emolument of that Employment.

P. P. Blommart.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggot,

Geo. Drummond,

Will.Roe.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy to Doctor Richard Williams, who is Controller of the Great

Cgstoms Outwards, and holds his Office by Patent, during Pleasure. He has very lately had his Appointment to that Office from the? Patentee, but assisted Mr. William May, the late Deputy, who has resigned, in making up the Account transmitted by him to this Board. The Principal executes no Part of the Business of the Office, it is transacted solely by the Deputy.

N* 80.

‘ — ' ,

The Examination of Mr. Henry Bushby; taken upon Oath, June 28th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Clerk of the Certificates, under the Collector Inwards for the Port of London. He is appointed by the Deputation of the Collector, and has been in the Certificate Office about

Thirty-

a6* Geo. III. 27

Thirty-seven Years: The Business of this Office is transa&ed by biniself, and Three Clerks.

Every Article imported is entered in this Office from *the Bills of the Clerk of the Rates, or some other of the Checks in the Subsidy Book Inwards. When any of these Articles are to be exported, a Bill containing a Description of them is brought to this Office, and the Entries upon the Bill are compared with the correspondent Entries in the Office Books, and wrote Off in the Margin; this Bill is entered in the Certificate Book Outwards; a Certificate is then made out, as the Ground of a Debenture for the Drawback; it contains the Titles of the Branches of the Duties to which the Articles are liable upon Importation, and enumerates the Articles to be exported: This Enumeration is frequently very long, especially on the Export of unrated East India Goods; a Certificate has taken up Twenty-eight Sheets: This Certificate is signed by the Clerk of the Certificates, and delivered to the Merchant; it is afterwards brought back to the Office, with the Debenture annexed; the Articles appearing upon the Debenture to be actually shipped are compared with the Entries in the Certificate Book Outwards; he signs the Debenture, and delivers it, with the Certificate, to the Merchant or his Agent

The usual Office Hours are from Ten until Two; it is frequently impossible, when Business presses, to transafik it in the Office Hours.

The Clerk of the Certificates receive no Salary; he is paid by Fees: He collects the Fees payable upon the Out Port Certificate to the Collector, Controller, Surveyor, Surveyor General, and himself; his own Fees are paid by the Merchant, and are, grounded chiefly upon Custom; ithey arise from theinstruments that pais the Office, and are in Proportion to their Length: They amounted last Year to Nine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence; out of which he paid, for Taxes, Twenty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, to the Clerks One hundred and Two Pounds, and for Contingencies Three Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence; his Net Income was about Seven hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence.

The Clerks 1 in this Office are paid Salaries , by the Deputy, and Fees by the Merchants upon the Instruments, in, Proportion to the Length of them.

T. Anguish,

Rich Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

WUlm Rot.

N° 81.

The Examination of Mr. Charles Causton; taken upon Oath, June s8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy to Urilliam Varey, Esquire, Other of the ‘Qrftom House in the Port of London. The Usher holds his Office by Patent during Pleasure; he executes no Part of the Business, it is all transa&ed by the Deputy, and One Clerk appointed by the Deputy. It is the Business of this Officer to reduce into Form the Oaths and Affidavits directed by the several Acts of Parliament to be administered and sworn relative to Goods exported, or directed by the Commissioners of the'Cilstoms relative to Goods (topped upon Suspicion of their not having paid the Duty.

Every Certificate for a Drawback is brought to the 'Usher; he examines, and marks with the Initials of his Name, the Oath to be taken by the Exporter or his Agent; after it has passed the Offices, it is 'brought .'back to the Usher with the Cocket, he puts his Initials upon the Cocket, and retains the Certificate: Once A 'Week he compares the Certificates with the Bills in the Office of the Register of Certificates CoCkets, and delivers them over to the Collector Outwards.

After the Debenture and Certificate have "been properly sworn to and marked by the Collector Outwards, they are brought to the'Usher; be procures to the Gath on the Debenture the Signature Of One’Bench Office^ 'and returns'both to the Exporter or his Agent Tim Debenture for a Bounty is brought to -the Usher, for him to procure to the Oath the Signature Of the'Bench Officer.

The Usher has a Salary of Six Pounds'by his Patent; he has. only One Fee, and that grounded upon the Table of Fees, Two Penoe for every Oath taken at the Custom House relative to Goods exported; this Fee amounted last Year to Six hundred and Nineteen Pounds Seven Shillings; out of which he paid for Taxes Thirty Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, to his 'Deputy ‘Fifty Pounds, and for contingent 'Expences Seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence. His Net Income was (five hundred and Thirty4even Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence.

The Deputy, receives from his Principal a Salary of Fifty Pounds, hereceivesby Custom aFee-for the Oath?, in Proportion to the Number upon the same Document^ they amounted last Year to One hundred and Sixty-six Pounds; he paid for contingent Expences One Pound One Shilling. His Net Income was Two hundred and Fourteen Pounds Nineteen Stuffings.

Cha. Causton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neaoe,

Geo. Drummond,

JVUL Roe.

Vo l. 41.

Cc

Fourteenth. Report on Public Account*.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

270 Januarii. ^.178

N* 82.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers in the Long Room,

for the Export Business.

COLLECTOR OUTWARDS.

£ * d-

Subsidy Cockets, by Freemen ---- Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - Half Fees

Ditto - - by Unfreemen ----- Whole Fees

Ditto - - - Half Fees

Alien’s Cockets - -- -- - Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - Half Fees

Free Cockets ---- - Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - Half Fees

Warrants ——

Certificate Cockets - - Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - Half Fees

Debentures. ---- - Whole Fees

Ditto - - - Half Fees

Ship’s Entries to the Levant -

Ditto - - to other Parts -

Ship’s Clearings ——

Victualling Bills - - -- --....

Plantation Bonds and Certificates -

Silk Debentures - -- -- - Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - Half Fees

COAST FEES.

Cockets in Ditto - out Transires

— 1 —

— 1 S

---6

By the First Deputy to the Collector Outwards.

In lieu of Fees, an Allowance Annually for Foreign Business Also in lieu of Fees from the Deputy of Coast Business - -

From the Receiver of the Trinity Lights -

360-----

88 4 — 9 9

Deputy

Deputy for Foreign Business to the Collector Outwards.

D

(n

n'

CD

CL

a

o

o

eg

FT

o

H

O’

,o

t -

Subsidy Cockets, by Freemen ----- Whole Fees

Ditto - Harif Fees

Ditto - by Unfrecmen - - - Whole Fees

Ditto ---- - Half Fees

Free Cockets - - - - Whole Fees

Ditto - -- - - -- Half Fees

Warrants ——

Certificate Cockets - Whole Fees

Ditto - - Half Fees

Endorst Ditto - -

Debentures for Foreign Goods - - - - Whplc Fees at allowing

Ditto - for - Ditto.....Half Fees at - ditto-

Ships Entries to the Levant -

Ditto - to other Parts - - - - ’ ' -

Ships Clearings ——

Victualling Bills - - - - Whole Fees -

Ditto - Half Fees

Plantation Bonds and Certificates -

Silk Debentures ---- Whole Fees -

Ditto - - Half Fees

Greenland Ships, for Bond, Licence, and Certificate - - ‘ -

Bill of Health....

Examining the Documents of the Greenland Ships, Herring Busses, and Southern Whale Fishery Ships belonging to the Out Ports -London Southern Whale Fishery Ships - -

Plantation Register for a Ship - -

Ditto - - for a Prize Ship - - - - - ‘ -

Bond and Oath for a new Hegifter’, or Letter in lieu of the old one loft -Endorsement of a new Maftdr upon the old Register -

Special Bonds - - - each

Other Bonds - - - each

Subject to Stamps. _Parchment

Making out Debentures that are not subjefit to Stamps -

Small Linen - - - Ditto - -

Allowing Bounty Debentures -

Except Linen and small Debentures.

Sufferances

Duplicates of Ships Contents to Ireland -

- each

- each

- each

----6

— CoTle&or. Controller. Surveyor. Survr Gen1. Plantation Clerk. Dep. Cont\ A Clerk. Another Clerk. Self.

& S. d. £ s- d. £. s. d. £. s. d £ *. d £ s. d. £ s- d. £. s. d. £. s.

— 1 — — 8 1 - — —

— — - 6 — 4 1 — —

— 1 6 — 1 — — —

— - . 9 - — — 6 — ——

— 1 8 — —

— — 6 — - 4 i — —

2 6 — 1 6 — 1

— 1 — 8 — —

— > 1 — 4 — —

— — 6 —

— i 6 — > 6

— 4 6 1 —

— 2 6 — I — 6 — — 6 6 ——

— 2 , — — 6 — - 6 6 ' 6: ——

— 1 — — 3 3 3 — 3 ——

; 7 6 — 1 — - - . - - — i 6 1 - — 4

2 6 1 — 4 4 — r- 4 ——

— 2 6 6 2 2 — 2 - - — 1

1 3 6 - . - - - - " — 2 6 2 6 - — 18

— 5 — — 1 — - . - 4

3 6 i — 1 — - - — 2

— - 6 — - - ( - - - — 1 — - . — 5

— 8 6 i — i 6 — 1 — - - — 6

— 10 6 - - - — i ft — 1 — - - — 8

! 6 6 — 6

— 4 - - - — l — - " — 3

— 2 6 — 2

— 1 — — l

— 1 4 — 1

— — 10 mm — ——

- 1 6

— 1 — I *

r 2 6 6 — 2 -

— 2 6 — 2

----10

OS

o

w

o

4

8

6

6

4 ' ©

X *

> 2

1 ? O 5

f 8

? o B cr

IOO

270 JaTtnarii,

A. 178

Fourtmrth

Report

onMIk

Accounts.

The Eight Cocket Writers.

For pending a Warrant, and Four BiHs, and adjusting them agreeable to die various Forms and Distinctions prescribed by Law, for an Entry Outwards, and also writing a Cocket for the fame

on a whole Skin of Parchment.

For the fame, as above - - - from -

Accopding to the Length ------ down to -

For a very unall Cocket ——

j^» St d»

Besides the above Fees.

The First Cocket Writer.

For making out a Duplicate of die Content for a Ship’s Cargo to Ireland

2 6

O — ---1 Pnrlrnf WvUor

iJCCuuu vOCKvv W rttCi*

For entering and examining Out Port Debentures, eaoh For entering and examining Debentures for Corn exported.

If above $L - -

If under &L- - -

6

1

6

Fifth docket Write*.

Fbr filling Up a Blank Bond, and Writing an Oath prescribed by Law for a Register of a Ship, the former one being loft ——

For a Letter of Licence -

For filling up a Bond licence, and Security for every Greenland Ship, upon an Average, and in Time of War, ptotecting the Men ——

— 5 —

— 26

-10 6

Extra Clerk to the CotleEtar Outwards.

For preparing and writing out a Sufferance ——

For writing a Certificate for Silk manufactured, intended to be -exported, from which the Bond is filled up ——

fi

Patent Customer of the Great Customs Outwards.

For a Debenture -

For a Cocket of Wool, Woolsells, Leather, Skins, and Hides For a Cocket of Calves Skins - -

For a Bond to His Majestys Use -For filing a Return -

Fees on Leather brought Coastwise ..

of of a Licence -

For a Return Outwards -

2 10

2 9

a —

1 —

- 6

2 4 2 — 2 —

Deputy Customer of the Great Customs Outwards.

For a Cocket for Wool, Woolfell, Leather, Skins, and Hides, Outwards — above One Ton Weight -

under -

For a Cocket of Wool, Woolsells, Inwards -

For an Under Sufferance ——

Fora Debenture ——

For Eotry of Leather ——

Fpr a Discharge of Wool ——

3 — — 6 i 6 q —

1 6

— 8 — 6

Patent Controller of the Great Customs Outwards.

For Leather brought Coastwise ----- For a Coeket of Calves Skins -

For a Cocket of Wool, Woolsells, Leather, Skins, and Hides Fora Debenture -

1

1

1

1

Deputy

i6 Geo. III.

3 7° Januafii.

iox

Deputy Controller of the Great Customs Outwards.

4 of a Licence -

For an Entry of Calve Skins

For a Debenture -

at

£> s- d

4

8

Clerk of the Certificates.

For a Certificate of Foreign Goods entered Outwards for Exportation in general

For a Certificate of Foreign Goods from an Out Port -

For a Certificate of Freedom for a Prize Ship -

For a Debenture of Foreign Goods of Callicoes or Mullins -

For a Debenture of Foreign Goods in general ——

For a Certificate from Navy Board for Exportation of Naval Stores - -

For a Certificate of His Majesty's Duties having been paid on sundry Goods -

For examining and marking a Warrant for Payment of remaining Duties on Goods warehoused For a Certificate of particular Goods landed firorfi France -

For a Certificate of Wine landed from Ireland -

For certifying a wrecked Ship made free -

— 12

2 6 6

- 8

- 4

- 6

l —

1 — -

2 6 l 6 i —

Clerks in the Clerk of the Certificates Office.

For examining and writing off the Dates of Importation, and writing out a Certificate for Foreign Goods entered Outwards, a Quarter of a Sheet ——

Half Sheet

Whole Sheet....

Every additional Sheet ——

Every Discount, Damage, and Over-entry Certificate, above 40/ -Every Prize and Wreck Ship that pays Duty - *

Examining and writing off the Dates for Foreign Goods that pay up the remaining Duties for Home Consumption - - - .- - .-

Making out a Certificate of Freedom for a Prize Ship -

Entering - D° - - I)0 - - - D° -

Entering a Wreck Ship, Bills, Attorney General’s Opinion, &c. -

— 6

1 —

2 —

2 —

— 6

6 —

— 6

3 6 3 — 5 — -

Ulher of the Custom House.

For every Oath Outwards

Deputy Ulher.

For every Document, or Oath, Bill, &c. on which there is One, Two, or Three Oaths, including

the'Patent Fee.....-----

If the Number on the same Document exceeds Three, and does not exceed Six And in that Proportion, according to the Number of Oaths.

-----6

Ulher’s Clerk.

For every Oath, Bill, fyc. written by him, where the Number of Oaths on the same Document do not exceed Three, an optional Gratuity of- - - -; -

If the Number exceeds Three, and does not exceed Six - - .

And in that Proportion, according to the Number of Oaths.

-----6

N* 83.

The Examination of Mr. James Bttme; taken upon Oath, June 29th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Southern Plantation Jerquer in the Office of the Customs; he has been One of the Jerquers near Twelve Years, but in this Vol. 41.

Office only since October last. There are Five Jerquers, all appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; their Bufinefe relates to Imports only. As Ships arrive from different Parts of the World, Four of the Jerquers have different Ports allotted to them, they are called the Southern Plantation, the Northern Plantation, the Southern European, and the Northern European Jerquers, the other is called the Wine Jerquer,

D d whose

Fourteenth Report on Public

Accounts.

102

A. 1786.

2j° Januarii,

Fourteenth

Report

on Public Accounts*

whole Business it is to attend to all Ships, from whatever Port they come, having on Board Ten Tons of Wine or more; if the Ship has under Ten Tons, it goes to the Jerquer of the Division from whence the comes.

The principal Duty of the Jerquer is to examine the Books of the Land Waiter, as a Check upon that Office. It is the Duty of the Land Waiter to enter every Warrant in his Book, and upon the landing of the Goods to enter in the same Book, and in no other, under the Entry of the Warrant, every Article landed, describing minutely the Marks and Number, and the Weight of each Draught or Quantity weighed at One Time. Within Thirty Days after the Ship is cleared, Dr if an India Ship One Year, the Land Waiter ought to bring to the Jerquer’s Office all the Warrants belonging to that Ship, and his Books made up complete, and signed by himself and the Land Surveyor. The Jerquer having received the Ship’s Report from the Clerk of the Ships Entries (which Reports are sent to him Weekly) examines the Articles entered in the Report, Warrants, and Land Waiters Books, to see that they correspond; he examines the Computations and Callings in the Land Waiters Books, and fees that the Allowances for Draughts, Tares, and Damages, are just.

It is the Duty of the Tide Waiter to enter in his Book an Account of all the Goods delivered out of the Ship pursuant to die Orders of the Land Waiter, and to carry this Book to the Jerquer immediately after the Ship is cleared; the Jerquer compares the Entries in this Book with the corresponding Entries in that of the Land Waiter: There are always more than One Land Waiter appointed to each Ship, each keeps the same Account in his own Book.

All the Warrants, and the Books of all the Land Waiters, relative to the Same Ship, should be delivered to the Jerquer at the same Time, by One of the Land Waiters, who signs his Name to the Number, both of Warrants and Books, as put down in the Jerquer’s Ships Entry Book.

Upon a Reference from the Board, and the Jerquer’s Certificate that the Maftir is entitled to Portage, the Jerquer computes the Portage, and makes out and signs the Bill, and after it is ligned by the Commissioners registers it in a Book kept for that Purpose.

The Southern Plantation, and the Northern European Jerquers, have each Two Clerks, the rest but One: Each used to appoint his own Clerks, but the Board, by a Minute of the 9th of March last, declare, they will provide themselves for that Service for the future.

Each Jerquer has a Salary, by his Warrant, of One hundred Pounds a Year; the Fees paid to him are, on passing Portage Bills, in proportion to the Amount of the Portage; Two Shillings and Six Pence for each Letter of Attorney; and One Shilling for searching for a Warrant; all grounded upon Custom: These Fees, upon Computation, amounted last Year in this Office to Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; there was paid for Taxes Twenty-three Pounds; which reduced the Net Income of this Office to One hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence.

By a Minute of the Board, of the 25th of November last, all the Fees anting from the Portage Bills are abo-lHhed; the remaining Fees have produced to him left than Forty Shillings since the 25th: of November last.

J' Burne.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Nectve,

Geo. Drummond,

Will. Roe.

N* 84.

The Examination of Mr. William Buddie-, taken upon Oath, July ill, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is First Clerk to Mr. James Burne, the Southern Plantation Jerquer; he receives upon the Incidental Lift a Salary of Forty Pounds a Year: Before the Year 1780, as he apprehends, this Salary used to be paid to the Principal, and by him to his Clerk; since that Time all the Clerks in these Offices have been put upon the Incidental Lift.

Where Goods are sent to the King’s Warehouse, the Warrants, Petitions, and Sufferances, accompany the Goods. Formerly, as he believes before the Year 1773 or 1774, the Land and Deputy King’s Waiters themselves took these Documents from the Warehouse, and brought them to the Office of the Jerquers; upon the Petition of the Land and Deputy King's Waiters, the Board of Customs directed that these Documents should be taken from the Warehouse by the Jerquers Clerks, for which Bufinest the Land and Deputy King’s Waiters agreed to satisfy them. These Documents are distributed in the Warehouse into Four Classes, for Four of the Jerquers Offices, omitting that of the Northern Plantation, that Office having been erected since the Order of the Board.

About Once a Month One Clerk of each of these Four Jerquers receives from the Officer at the Warehouse the Documents allotted to his Office, each delivers to the Fifth Jerquer those which lielong to him; for this Service each Land and Deputy King’s Waiter, being Fifty-six in Number, pays, by Agreement in Writing, to each Clerk One Guinea a Year: It was usual also for the Clerk to receive a Gratuity upon each Portage Bill, but this is now abolished by an Order of the Board in November last. The Produce of these Two Kinds of Profits amounted last Year to Eighty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence. He paid for Taxes One Pound and Eight Pence, and a small incidental Expence of Four Shillings; which reduced his Net Income to One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence.

Buddie.

T. Anguish,

Rich*Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will.Roe.

N* 85.

The Examination of Mr. William Buddie; taken upon Oath, August 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Five Clerks in the Offices of the Jerquers did not receive, during the last Year, One Guinea each from all the Landing and Deputy King’s Waiters; the Total Sum received by them was Two hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings, according to his own Receipt, and the Information he has received from the other Four Clerks of the Sums received by them: Some new Officers were appointed in the Year, and for the Time of their being under Instructions, which is always for Six Months, they pay nothing to the Jerquers Clerks.

Buddie.

T. Anguish, A. Piggott, WUL Roe.

N* 86.

26 Geo. lit

2 70 JanuariL

JO3

N' 86.

The Examination of Mr. John Tombs; taken upon Oath, June 29th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Wine Jerquer in the Office of the Customs in the Port of , and has been so about Eight Years. It is the Business of this Officer to jerque or examine. Monthly, the Books of all Ships arriving in the Port of having Ten Tons

of Wine or more on board, from whatever Port they come, and whatever may be their Cargoes.

The Examination of the Books, Warrants, and Documents, is condoled in the same Manner in all the Offices of the Jerquers.

Upon his Appointment to the Office he found there a Table of Fees upon Portage Bills; those Fees, and Five Shillings for a Power of Attorney, and One Shilling for iearching for any Document; were all the Fees paid in the Office; they amounted last Year to Fifty-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence. He paid for Taxes Twenty-three Pounds, and for a contingent Expence Twelve Shillings: His Net Income was One hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence. As the Portage Fees are abolished, the Net Income of his Office will probably not exceed Eighty Pounds.

The Jerquer finds Security, Two Persons in Five hundred Pounds each, for the due Execution of his Office.

Jrt Tombs*

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Ru# Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will-Roe.

N* 87.

The Examination of Mr. Ambrose Edwards; taken upon Oath, July 6th, 1785.

Where Cockets are made out for Goods entitled to Drawback, they are brought with a Bill to the Register of Certificates: The Cocket has certain Official Signatures upon it. The Cocket and Bill are compared, to see that they agree as to the material Circumstances; he then marks the Coeket with his Initials, retains the Bill, and enters it in a Certificate Book.

When the Debenture is made out in Consequence of the Certificate, after having gone through certain Official Checks and Formalities, it is brought to The~R5gifter, who compares it with the Entry formerly made in the Certificate Book, enters the Quantity certified by the Searchers to have been actually shipped, and signs the Debenture; it then goes to the various Checks, to have the Drawback computed, and is brought again to the Register, who, upon finding the proper Signatures to it, writes an Order for Payment upon the Debenture, signs it again, and delivers it to the Board; when the Commissioners have signed the Debenture, it is returned to the Register, who gives it, taking a Receipt, to the Person entitled.

The Register has a Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year upon the Establishment; he receives from the Merchant or his Agent certain customary Fees, in some Cafes of One Shilling, in others of Six Pence, on each Debenture; they amounted last Year to Two 'hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings; out of which he paid iQr Taxes Forty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and to hia Three Clerks Sixty Pounds j this left him a Net. Income from his Office of Four hundred and Seventeen Pounds.

This Examinant further faith, That he is paid by his Principal a Salary of Ten Pounds a Year, and receives small Fees from the Merchants upon Debentures; they . amounted last Year to One hundred mid Forty-six Pounds Nineteen-Shillings, which made his whole Emolument One hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings. The next Clerk to him in the Office has a Salary from his Principal of Twenty Pounds a Year, and a small Fee from the Merchants upon Certificate Cockets: The Junior Clerk is paid by his Principal a Salary of Thirty Pounds a Year, and has no Fee, Of any other Advantage from the Office.

This Examinant faith, That he is Senior Clerk to Mr. fViUington Clark, the Register of Certificate Cockets, and Examiner of Debentures in the Port of London, and has been in the Office about Twenty-two Years.

The Register is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; he has himself the Nomination of all his Clerks. The Business of this Office is transafited by the Principal and Three Clerks.

A. Edwards.

T. Anguish,

Rich fNeave,

Geo. Drummond,

WilT Roe.

Vol. 41.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Foorteeath Report on Public Accounts.

104 270 Januarii. 178

N* 88.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES usually taken by the additional Checques on the Foreign Bufinefe

Inwards.

Southern Plantation Jerquer.

A Gratuity paid by Mailers of Ships entitled to Portage, for making out and pa fling the Bills through the different Offices; computed by the following Table, by ancient and established Custom, but suppressed by a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated 25th , 1784.

Table of Fees.

From £. — 10 —

1 10 —

2 -

2 10 —

4-----

6-----

io----

14----

20 — —

to £ 1----

1 10 —

2 10 -

6-----

10-----

- 14-----

20 -

- and upwards

a Fee of -

Out of which the Fees of the Long Room, in passing the Bills, were paid as follows:

From £ — 10 — - - to £. — 20 — (exclusive)

— 20 — - - — 40 — D" -

— 40 - 50 — D9 -

— 50 — - - - 10 — — D* -

10 -. - and upwards

When Mailers of Ships perfect Powers of Attorney for their Portage, there is charged (the Stamp being paid for out of it) ——

When Merchants, or others (not belonging to the Customs) desire to have a Sight of a Warrant, the usual Charge is ——

By the Wine Jerquer, and the Northern Plantation Jerquer, each.

Table of Fees on Portage Bills.

Amount of the Bills paid to the Captain.

- to

From £. — to —

1 10 —

2 10 -

3 -

4 -

5 -

6 -

7 -

8 -

9-----

£ 1-----

1 10 —

2 — — 2 10 —

4-----

0-----

8-----

9-----

10-----

Examining any Document in Office, by a Merchant, or any other Person The Wine Jerquer Powers of Attorney -' -

£. s. d.

- 3 6 — 5 6

— 7 6

— 8 <»

— 10

— 12 6

— 15 —

— 18 6 i 1 —

1 11 6

2 2 —

— 3 —

-.36

— 4 —

-46

— io 6

— 1 —

Fees.

6

6

6

6

6

1

1

2

3

4 7

10 — 12 — 14 —

1.5 — l(i — 16 0

— 1

— 5

Northern

2(5 Geo. III.

27® Januarii.

105

From

IO Northern European Jerquer. to £.\ the Fee

1 - 1 10 - -

1 10 — - - - 2 ——

2 - 2 10 — - - - m

2 10 — - - 3 ——

3 - 3 10 -

3 10 — - - - 4 ——

4 - 4 10 -

4 10 — - - - 5 ——

5 — — - m - 5 10 -

5 10 — - - - 6 ——

6 - - 6 10 -

6 10

7 - and upwards -

Fourteen t& Fees* Report r t i on Public £ Accounts.

— 26

— 4 —

-46

-56

— 66 — 8 —

- 9 6

- 11 -T-

- 12 6

— 14 —

— 15 s

- 17 6 176

Southern European Jerquer.

Table of Fees taken on the Amount of their Portage Bills, from the Mailers of Ships, for Extra Trouble in passing their Bills through the different Offices in thef Long Room.

Amount of Portage.

From £. — 10 — - - - to £1 - m - __ 1 ,

1 - - 1 10 — m - - - — 2 __

1 10 - 2 - - — 2 6

2 — — - m - - 2 10 — — 4 m - - - - ' — 3 6

2 10 — - - - m 3 4 6

3 - 3 10 - — 6 6

3 10 — m - - - 4 - - — 8 6

4 — 10 —

5 - - 6 - - _ 12 _

6 14 —

7 - 8 - - — 14 6

8 — — - m - 10 - - — 17 _

10 1 1 —

15 1 7 . —

The First Clerk to each of the Jerquers.

From the Landing Waiters, and Deputy King's Waiters, for taking the Warrants, and other Documents, from the King’s Warehouse, and keeping a Register of the same for their Inspection, each, per Annum -

A Compliment from Captains of Ships, on receiving their Portage Bills, for passing them through the different Offices, on the Amount of such Bills a Poundage of about ..

1 — 1 —

Second Clerk in the Southern Plantation Jerquer's Office.

A Gratuity from the Mailers of Ships, on receiving their Portage Bills, for shewing them the different Offices where they are to receive the same, amounting in the Year to about

11----

Second Clerk in the Northern European Jerquer’s Office.

A Gratuity from Mailers of Ships, on receiving their Portage Bills, for shewing them the different Offices where they are to receive the same, amounting in the Year to about -

15-----

Vol. 41.

Ee

Office

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

iod 27* Jjwerii-

Office of Register of Certificate Cockets, and Examiner of the Debentures.

On Debentures for the Drawback on CalficQS qud China, each, if the Drawback exceeds 40#. -

Qn - D# - all other Foreign Goods, if the Drawback exceeds 40$. each -On - D° - Bounty on Corn, if th§ Bounty exceeds 5/. each -Under 5 L -

On - D° - all other Goods (except Linen) and where the Bounty does not exceed 40 s. each ——

Op Certificate Cockets, for Goods having a Drawback each -

Fee* usually t^ken by the Register. Fees usually taken by the Clerks.

ir t £. s. d. £. s. d. 6

— — 6 3 6 6

— — 6 2 6

N* 89.

'Pie Exaipination of Mr. Edmund j taken

uponOpfh, July 5th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is the Senior Landing Surveyor in the Port of London; he has been in thid Office about Sixteen Years. The Landing Surveyor superintends and controls those Officers who are. employed in landing all Goods imported, that is the Landing Waiters, and the Deputy King's Waiters.

It is the Duty of this Officer, upon the Inspection of all Packages landed, containing Goods the Duties on which are payable by Weight, to settle the Tare to be allowed to the Merchant, whether it be according to the Table of Tares, or by actually weighing the Package, or forming a Judgment of the Weight. Where the unpacking would be injurious to the Merchant, the Quantity allowed for Tare is entered in the Land Waiter’s Book, and ligned with the Initials of Two Landing Surveyors. ‘ At or soon after the Goods are landed or warehoused, and weighed, numbered, of gauged, and Entries made by the Land Waiters in their Books, of the Weight, Tale, or Quantity, the Landing Surveyor fees that the Denomination of the Goods landed agrees with the Denomination of the Goods expressed in the Warrant; he frequently directs an Article to be re-weighed, re-told, or re-gauged, to see that the Entry of the Weight, Tale, and Quppfity, be accurately inserted in the Land Waiters Books.

Upon a Reference from the Board of Customs to the Landing Surveyors, they survey the Goods that have received Damage, and settle the Quantum of the Damages to be allowed the Merchant. The Amount of these Damages is fpipetipaeg very coofiderablp, even to very near the Amount of the Duties} Sixty-three of Sixty-four Parts have been allowed.

There are Nine of these Officers in the Port of London: The lawful Quay of the Port of London is divided into Three Stations, Three Officers to each Station, except that One by Rotation superintends the Goods landed by Sufferance; and One Officer in each Station changes his Station every Week by Rotation.

This Officer is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury. He receives upon the Establishment an Annual Salary of Two hundred and Thirty Pounds. He receives,

for superintending the Sale of condemned Goods fold 4t the Custom House, One Ninth Part of Thirty-five Pounds allowed for every such Sale: His Share amounted last Year to Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence. He receives no Fees or Gratuities whatever for the Business done upon the Quay at Custom House Hours; but for attending at Times and Places not required by Law, he receives Compensation from the Merchants, under the Authority of the Act of the Sixth and Seventh of King William: This amounted last Year to One hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eleven Shillings. The Total Sum thus received from the Merchants, by all the Nine Officers, is equally divided among them. The First Six received from the East India Company an Annual present of Spices, valued at Five Pounds Four Shillings: The Company, by a Resolution feme time ago, have discontinued this Present, unless to those Officers appointed prior to that Resolution; whiqh makes the Difference of the Sum received by these Officers, as stated in the Return. The Payment for Taxes was Sixty-three Pounds Five Shillings, which reduced his Net Income to Three hundred and Fiffy? eight Pounds. Eight Shillings and Eight Pepce.

Edrrt Horrex.

T. Anguish,

A. PiggoUy

Rich1 Neeroe,

Geo. Drumpiond,

Wiilm, Rtfr

N* 90.

The Examination of Mr. tajcpn

upon Oath, July5th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Assistant Surveyor for the Examination of Baggage. It is his Business to superintend the Officers employed in the Examination of Baggage landed and examined upon the open Custom House Quay — To examine and sign their Report to the Board of Customs of the Contents of that Baggage. If they are carried to the King’s Warehouse they are examined by Officers belonging thereto.

He is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, and paid upon the Establishment a Salary of Onq huqdfpd S and

Geo. III. yamarii. 107

and Fifty Pounds a Year; hut being appointed to this Odice upon the 27th February last Year, he received poly One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence. He has One Fee only, grounded upon Custom — Six Pence for the Examination of each Parcel or Packet, and if but One, a Shilling: This produced to him about Sixty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence. He paid for Taxes Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence; and for receiving his Salary, Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence His Net Income was about One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence.

The Emoluments are much reduced, for Want of a Warehouse to examine Baggage in, an Advantage enjoyed for some Time by his Predecefior, Mr. Wiggins to whom the Office, when he executed it, and had a Warehouse produced, according to his own Information, above Three hundred Pounds a Year.

Norman.

F Anguish,

A. Piggotts Richd Neeroe,

Geo. Drummond?

Wilt* Roe.

N* 91.

The Examination of Mr. James Dunphey; taken upon Oath, July. 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is One of the Landing Waiters in the Port of London; he has been so for Twenty-five Yean. There are in this Port Thirty-eight Landing. Waiters, and Eighteen Deputy King’s Waiters, all of winch are employed in the same Business, which is. to superintend the landing of all Foreign Goods iprpoEted.

The Commissioners of the Customsv upon a Ship’s being reported, appoint, at their Discretion, Three Landing Waiters to every Linen Ship, and Two to every other Ship. The. Landing Waiter, upon receiving the Warrant, fends to the Tidefman who has the Charge of the Ship an Order specHying the Marks uf those Packages or Calks described in the Warrant, which he is to deliver out; these Goods are in Consequence of that Order brought on Shore, in the Charge of some Tidefman. The Landing Waiter attends the Landing of the Goods, and enters In an Official Book, under the EnUy of the Warrant, the Marks, Number, Weight, or Measure of the Goods as they are landed.

After the Ship is cleared, he makes up from his Book an Account of all the Goods that have been landed on the Account of each Merchant; from the Amount of the Weight a certain Allowance is made for the Draft; that is, for any Error that may be occasioned from a Defett in the Weights or the Beam; the Allowance for Tare, where it is established, is entered opposite the Article; the Landing Surveyor examines this Entry, and signs it; a discretionary Tare is settled by both of them together. The Landing Waiter, after all the Goods are landed, compares the Quantity landed with. the Quantity entered upon the Warrant.; and, as. the former almost always exceeds the latter, he informs the Merchant of the Difference, and desires him to make his Post Entry, and enters in the Credit Book, kept in the Office of the Landing Surveyor the Quantity -for which the Merchant has not paid the Duty. The Post Entries- heing paid, he takes the Warrants for them from the Long Room, and ties up together all the Warrants, Prime- and Post, Petitions, and Sufferances belonging to that Ship; and carries his Book, with the Documents, to bn examined Vo l.41.

by the Landing Surveyor, who signs the Book; after which he deposits both in the Jerquer’s Office.

Until all these Duties are paid, the Landing Waiter stands charged with them, and cannot be discharged from the Ship; and the Landing Surveyors will not sign his Book.

The Landing Waiter is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; he has a Salary, by his Warrant, of Eighty Pounds a Year, subjefit to Twenty Pounds Two Shillings for Taxes. The Fees paid to the Landing Waiters are grounded principally upon Usage: There is a certain Rate of Fees upon every Species of Merchandize, paid by the Merchants, whether the Business is done upon a Working Day or a Holiday, upon the Free Quays or the Sufferance Wharfs; these Fees amounted, last Year, to Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence; he paid, for contingent Expences, Seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence; his Net Income was Three hundred and Five Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence. The legal Hours of Attendance for all the Officers at the Water Side are from Six to Six in the Summer, and from Eight to Sunset in the Winter. The Difference in the Amount of the Fees, taken by the dist ferent Officers in this Department, arises from die different Value or Number of the Ships to which they are appointed.

James Dunphey.

T. Anguish,

RichdNeave,

Geo. Drummond.

Wilt* Roe.

N# 92.

The Examination of Mr. William Parke; taken upon Oath, July 12th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is King’s Gauger in the Office of the Customs in the Port of London; he has been in this Office Four Years, and is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury. It is his Duty to gauge, on the Part of the Crown, all Foreign Articles imported capable of liquid Measure, upon their being landed; upon gauging them he gives the Dimensions and Quantity to the landing Waiter, who enters them in his Book, and the Gauger signs the Initials of his Name, and the Day of the Month, to that Entry, and so makes himself responsible for the Accuracy of the Entry. There are regularly Three Gaugers; but ever since he ha* been in the Office there has been, except for about Ten Months, only Two acting Gaugers, the Third Office being either vacant, or the Officer under instructions. They are all appointed by the Treasury, and have a Salary, by their Warrants, of Eighty Pounds a Year.

The Gauger receives no Fees for Business done upon the lawful Quay; but the Merchant frequently, gives him a Gratuity of Three Pence a Calk: For Business done upon the Sufferance Quays, he receives certain Fees established by Usage: One of them is Seven Shillings and Six Pence for gauging every Hundred Barrels of Tar; this is now at an End, fiuce the Importation of Tar from America has ceased; the Tar from Russia, and all other Countries, is weighed, not gauged, the Form of the Calks not being adapted to gauging. His Fees and Gratuities, last Year, amounted to One hundred and Sixty Pounds Seven Shillings; he. paid for Taxes Sixteen Pounds Eight Shillings, and on receiving his Salary, and other contingent Expences, Thirteen Shillings. His Net Income was Two hundred and' Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings. The lawful Quays reach from the Tower to London Bridge; they* are- divided into Three- Stations, and contain many

different

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

2 7° Jam

108

different Quays, called by different Names, and conti- over the Name of each Ship the Names of the Offi-

A’ 1786.

guous to one another; all other Quays upon the River are called Sufferance Quays.

The Hours of Attendance are from Six to Six in the Summer, and from Sunrise to Sunset in the Winter, except the Dinner Hours, from One to Three.

Parke.

T. Anguish,

Rich Neaoe,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WiU. Roe.

N* 93.

The Examination of Mr. William upon Oath, July 18th, 1785.

taken

This Examinant faith, That he receives all the Fees for the Nineteen Patent King's Waiters, and divides the Total equally between them; they are all considered but as One Officer, and have no other Fees than those inserted in the Table established by the Order of

cers he chooses should attend the Delivery of that Ship; hence it arises that the Ships, both in Number and Value, are very unequally appointed among these Officers; frequently some have Six or Seven Ships, others only Two, upon the same Station; and the Profits of these Officers vary very much in their Annual Value, feme Officers get above Three Times as much as others. It is in the Option of the Merchant to what Quay be will carry his Ship, and no Officer can have Two Ships at the same Time in different Stations; but the Goods of a Ship quayed in One Station may be landed at a Quay in any other of the Stations, and the Officers appointed to that Ship muff follow them, except such Goods as are landed by Sufferance, over which other Officers are appointed. No Officer can change his Station until all the Ships he has upon his Station are cleared, unless by special Orders of the Board, too many Officers appearing to be upon one . Station, and too few upon another. By Minute of the Board, no Officer should be appointed to the same Station after all his Ships are out.

In the Landing Surveyor’s Office One Credit Book is kept for each Station: After the Ship is cleared, and the Books of the Landing Waiters made up, One of them enters in the Credit Book of the Station all

the House of Commons. They hare .11 the fame: Salary those Goods telooging to each Merchant, the Duties of of Fifty-two Pounds a Year, upon the Edablishment. which amount to* pounds and „pw„ds, which

have been landed from that Ship, and for which the Duties remain unpaid: He makes up the Merchant's Account immediately, and lends it to him, in order that

The Share of the Fees amounted last Year, to each to Seventy-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence; the Taxes were Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings; the Expences of collefiting, Nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence; the Net Produce to each was One hundred and Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

W. Sims.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Will* Roe.

N° 94-

The Examination of Mr. Samuel Heclford; taken upon Oath, July 12th, 15th, and 18th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Senior Deputy

King’s Waiter in the Port of London;he has been in

the Office near Twenty-seven Years.

There are Nineteen King’s Waiters, who hold their Office by Patent; and Nineteen Deputies, who are appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, and execute all the Business of the Office; no Part of it is transa&ed by the Principals. The Duty of the Deputy King’s Waiter is exactly the same with that of the Landing Waiter; he is appointed by the Board of Customs, indiferimi-nately with the Landing Waiter, to superintend the Landing of Goods. The Commissioners do not appoint these Officers to Ships by Rotation; they take it by

Turns, One each Week, to appoint such of these _ . , .

Officers as they choose to those Ships which are re- for every Species of Goods, according to a Rate ported during the Week, and in the Absence of the a8Tee^r upon am®n§ them; the Amount of these Fees Commissioners the Secretary appoints. One Landing .^ea<TL3as ^ne. hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Surveyor every Day attends the Commissioner whose Twelve Shillings and Five Pence One Half-penny j he Turn it is to appoint, with Two Lifts, One containing Pwt* ^ees "e Certificate of his Principal at the Five the Number of Landing and Deputy King’s Waiters Jerquers Offices, and other Contingencies, Seven Pounds upon every Station, with the Number of Ships each of Ten Shillings and Four Pence: His Net income was

he may make his Post Entry. The Credit Book is carried to the Board Once a Week.

When the Merchant has made his Poll Entry, the Landing Waiter enters in the Credit Book the Date of the Post Entry opposite the Credit; he is chargeable with the Duties not paid immediately upon his Entry of the Credit, but the Board usually give about Ten Days or a Fortnight for the Payment of the Duties, before they surcharge the Landing Waiter with them, unless they deem it an improper Credit, in which same they demand immediate Payment from the Officers, or for them to shew Cause why they shall not be mulfit for their Neglect.

The Credit given to the Merchant is in many Cafes unavoidable. Where the Goods are Subjects of Weight, or of Liquid Measure, the Merchant cannot make a perfect Entry; the weighable Goods being subjefit to Waste, and the liquid Goods to Leakage, he cannot from his Invoice tell the exaQ: Quantities: If he makes an Over-entry, he muff recover the Duties over-paid by a Certificate of Over-entry, which it is not in his Power to procure without Trouble, Delay, and Expence.

Where the Goods pay Duty by. Tale, no ffiort Entry is permitted, and consequently no Credit allowed.

The Deputy King’s Waiter has no Salary or Allowance from Government, he is paid by Fees grounded either upon Act of Parliament or Custom.

The Usage is for the Merchant to pay a certain

them stands appointed to at that Time; the other containing the Names of such of these Officers as are either out (that is, having no Ships) or lick, or absent upon Leave, or dead; the Assistant Clerk of the Ships Entries attends at the same Time with the Book, containing the Lift of Ships reported that Day; the Commissioner writes

One hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny Half-penny.

Sant Heclford.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

WM* Roc.

j

Go_QgLe_

a 6 Geo. III.

270 Januarii.

109

N* 95.

The Examination of Mr. Cornelius taken

upon Oath, July 13th and 15th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is One of the Appointors of the Weighing Porters, and has been about Eight Years in that Office; there are Three of these Officers, One to each Station.

In the Weighing Department of the Customs in the Port of London, there are Twenty-five Weighers,

called Weighers in Fee, who are appointed by Warrants of the Treasury; Two hundred and Three Preferable Weighers, who are appointed by the Board of Customs; and Two hundred and Thirty Persons, including the Noon Tenders, attending upon the Quays to be employed when wanted, called Glut or Extra Weighers.

Out of the Weighers in Fee the Board of Customs felefifc Three Persons, who are called the Appointors, whose Duty it is to superintend all the Weighers. The Weighers in Fee, and the Preferable W eighers, are almost always in Employment; when more are wanted they are taken from among the Extra Weighers. There are Eighteen Noon Tenders, whole Business it is to attend from One to Three, to receive the Lighter and Boat Bills that come up at that Time, and to take Care of the Goods in Charge on Shore, whilst the Weighers are at Dinner; these Officers are likewise employed as Extra Weighers. The Appointors change their Stations every Week, and each takes a Number of the Weighers in Fee, and Preferable Weighers, to his own Station, and every Morning appoints them to the particular Business each is to execute during the Day; enters their Names, with the Ships they are appointed to, in a List; and delivers it to the Landing Waiter appointed to that Ship.

Where Goods are landed by Sufferance, the Appointor directs what Weighers shall attend them, and each stays a Month at the Sufferance Wharf, or until the Ship is cleared.

The Business of the Weigher is to weigh all Goods subjefit to Weight, in the Pretence of the Landing Waiter, who enters the Weight in his Book: He opens likewise all the Packages for the Inspection of the Landing Waiter, and makes them up again.

In every Lighter or Boat that brings Goods on Shore, the Officer who has the Charge of the Goods brings with him a Bill from the Officer on board the Ship, containing a List of the Goods to be landed from that Lighter or Boat: If it comes up in the Night, the Watchman of the Quay receives this Bill, ana delivers it the next Morning to the Appointor, or his Assistant; if it comes up in the Day, it is delivered to the Appointor himself, or his Assistant; and upon the Receipt of it, the Appointor directs what Weighers shall work the Ship. He enters every Day in the Station Book the Names of all the Weighers employed during the Day, and their respefitive Business; this Entry is signed by the Landing Surveyor for the Station, and at the End of the Week it is signed both by him and by the Appointor.

Every Month the Appointor tries by the Exchequer Standard the Weights upon his Station, and is continually examining the Beams, to lee whether they want Repair; and Once a Year he tries the Weights, and examines the Tackle, upon the Sufferance Quays.

Each Appointor and Fee Weigher has a Salary of Thirty-five Pounds a Year upon the Establishment. The Appointor weighs himself all the Silk, for which he receives from moll of the Merchants a customary Fee of Six Pence per Bale; he receives for stamping Morocco Leather One Shilling per Cafe, from every Hudsons Bay Ship One Pound One Shilling, every Vot. 41.

East India Ship One Pound, and a Gratuity from the Fourteenth Wharfingers upon the Sufferance Quays, amounting last Report Year to Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings; all these Fees and Gratuities are divided equally between the Accoun Three Appointors; they amounted last Year to Thirty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence each; they paid for Taxes Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence — the Net Income of each was Seventy-one Pounds Seven Shillings.

Com' Floyd.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggotty Rich*Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will!* Roe.

N* 96.

The Examination of Mr. Stephen Thornton; taken upon Oath, July 15th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Weighers in Fee, called also the established Weighers, in the Port of London, and has been so about Fourteen Years: He was appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, and is paid upon the Establishment a Salary of Thirty-five Pounds a Year, subjefft to the Payment of Nineteen Shillings Yearly to the Superannuation Fund.

The Weigher in Fee has no established Fee, that he knows of; but it is customary for some of the Merchants or their Agents to give him such Perquisites or Gratuities as are inserted in a Schedule, signed by him with the rest of the Weighers in Fee, and sent to this Board.

Some of the Merchants refus'e to give any Perquisites or Gratuities whatever.

The Gratuities upon a Sufferance Quay are more advantageous than upon the Legal Quays. About Ten or Twelve Years ago the Russia Merchants agreed to pay the Weigher Two Shillings a Day, and One Penny per Ton, for weighing the Hemp, Tallow, and Flax, upon the Sufferance Quays: All the Gratuities amount to but a small Sum in the Year; the Sum -he received from them last Year was, to the belt of his Knowledge, about Three Pounds Ten Shillings.

" Thornton.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will*' Roe.

N* 97.

The Examination of Mr. Charles taken

upon Oath, July 15th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he has been upwards of Twelve Years One of the Preferable Weighers in the Port of London: He is appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, and receives a Salary of Five Pounds a Year, payable Half Yearly, subjefit to the Superannuation Fund: He is allowed Two Shillings a Day for every Day he works, payable Monthly.

The Preferable Weigher claims no Fees whatever; but it has been usual for some of the Merchants of their Agents to give them small Gratuities, such as are mentioned in a List signed by him with the other Preferable Weighers, and sent to this Board.

Some of the Merchants give him less, and some nothing. Where Brokers or Agents are employed, there is Reason to believe they sometimes charge

F f to

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

I lO

27* Januarii. 1786.

to the Merchants more than they give to the Weigher.

His Salary and Day Pay amounted last Year to Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and his Perquisites to Fifteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence: He paid Nineteen Shillings to the Superannuation Fund. His clear Receipt was about Forty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence. He was employed for some Time in Sufferance Work,

which is more advantageous than that on the Legal Quays.

Charles Lucas.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N* 98.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers at the Water Side, for the Foreign Business Inwards.

Clerk to the Landing Surveyors:

From each Landing Waiter at Christmas, for entering the Board’s Minute into their Minute Book, and for giving them the Account of the Ships when they are surcharged, a Gratuity of -

From each Landing Waiter and Gauger, on their first Appointment, for regillering their Names in a Book kept for that Purpose ——

From each Weigher, Noon Tender, and East India Locker, on his first Appointment, for registering] his Name ------- - -j

For delivering the Petitions out to the Merchants, Agents, fyc. to expedite the Business — at thej Option of the Merchants, 8$c. ------ - -1

From Captains of Ships and Passengers applying for Petitions, and for going with them to the Landing Waiter, to forward their Business, an optional Gratuity of.

For entering the Tradesmen’s Bills every Quarter, a Gratuity at Christmas - - - - of

Paper Surveyor:

For Examination of Stationers Bills, per Annum ——

£. s. d.

or 2 6

— 3 6

or 2 6

— 2 —

or 2 6

or — 6

or 2 —

12 12 —

Surveyor of Baggage:

On Examination of Baggage from the Proprietors, per Parcel or Packet

6

Deputy King’s and Landing Waiters:

The Emoluments of these Officers, established by Order of the Honble House of Commons, and the Recompences usually taken for Extra Services, such as attending the Delivery of Goods on Holidays at Places not required by Law, and for copying from their Books the WTeight, 8gc. of Goods imported, for the Information of the Merchants, are consolidated by Custom.into One Rate, upon every Species of Merchandize, and is as follows:

Raisins and Figs in Casks and Jars; Pimento, Ginger, Spanish Wool, and Nuts, in Bags; Aloes in Gourds, per the 100 Packages; Hides, per 100; Elephants Teeth, per Ton -Oranges and Lemom in Chews, Prunes in Boxes, Raisins in Baskets and Boxes, Spruce Beer and Anchovies in Barrels, per the 100; Italian Silk, per Bale; Linen of , and

Flanders, per Chest or Bale; Coral, per Chest; Spiceries, per Calk; tanned Goat Skins, Leather, and Human Hair, per Bale; and Ostrich Feathers, per Pack -

Turkey Silk Carpets and Dantzick Canvass, per Bale; Capers, Bees Wax, and Smyrna Raisins, per Calk; Quills from Holland and Germany, and Hats from Leghorn, per Package; Cochineal, per Seron; Horse and Cow Hair, per Bale; ordinary Oil and Currants, per Ton - -

Turkey Cotton Yarn, Mohair Yam, Goats Hair, and Safflower, per Bale; Tobacco, per Calk; Russia and Irish Linen, per Pack or Bale; perfumed Oil, Drugs, Succades, and Goods of a similar Kind, per Package; and Cinnamon Pack -

Sugar, per Cask; Cotton Wool, per Bale; Pearl Barley, Millet, and other Seeds, per Calk or Bag; Ifinglass, per Bale; and Madder, per Calk -

Rice, per Cask; Coffee and Cocoa, per Bag; and Irish Linen, per Box - - >

Coffee and Cocoa, in Casks under Five hundred Weight - -

> If above ——

— 5 —

— 2

----6

----3

----6

Wrhal«

a6 Geo. III. 27* Janmrii.

Whale Fins, per Bundle ——

' If of Foreign Frshing -

Hudson’s Bay Ships, per Cargo ——

East India Company, for each Ship’s Cargo.-

For the Private Trade, by an East India Ship, about ——

If they attend an Holiday -

Owners of Ships pay for fumishing them with an authentic Account of the Cargo, to enabled from them to Collect the Freight - - - -Jto

Timber, Mails, Staves, and Linseed, per the Ship’s Lading of either; and Marble Blocks, per

the Parcel -----.....-

Bar Iron, per the 100 Tons -

Turpentine, per 100 Casks -

Tarras, Stone Pots, Grave Stones, Mill and Qnern Stones, per the Parcel; Irish Beef, Pork, and Butter, per loo Calks ——

Firkin of Butter, per the Hundred ——

Cork, per Ton ——

Tallow and Valonia, Barrilla, Brimflone, Ashes, Train Oil, Old Rags, Box Wood, and all Woods

for Dyers Use, per Ton.....-----

Pitch and Tar, perLaft; Hemp and Flax, per Ton; Argol and Tartar, per Calk; Bullrulhes, per Load; and Wainscot, per too Inches -

Com, if under 500 Quarters - -

But if above ——

And so on in Proportion for sundry other Sorts of Goods.

Collector for the Patent King’s Waiters:

For every Entry for Goods imported, where the Old Subsidy and Additional Duty amoant to 5$. and under 20 s.vix.

By British Freeman of the City of London ——

Unfreemen -

By Aliens ——

III

£. s. d- Fonrtensh Report — - 2 on Public

__ __ 10 Account*.

5 5 4°* — 10 — 1 1

1 t 3 13

1

1

1

5

-3

o

6

-----6-

- 5 3

— 10 o

-----6

-----6

-----9

20 s. and upwards.

By British Freemen of the City of London -

Unfreemen - -

By Aliens -.....-

For every Cocket----- Of British Goods Coastwise -

Certificate for Foreign Goods Coastwise, brought by Transire

6

6

— l

Gaugers;

For every Pipe of Wine, Brandy, and Rum For every 100 Barrels of Tar -For every Pipe of Oil - -

For every Hhd. of Ditto -

per Calk per too per Pipe per Hhd.

6

6

6

4

Weighers who ad as Appointers:

For weighing Silk, per Bale -

For stamping Morocco Skins, per same - - - .

Attending Hudson's Bay Ships, per Ship -East India Ships - - - - D*

Established Weighers: Fees on the Legal Quays:

I>eatber, per Bale - -

Spice, per Calk -

Yam, per Fatt -

Thread, per same -

Linen, each Merchant Pearl Barley, per Score Calk -Millet, per Ditto -

Spanish Juice, per Score Cafes -Juniper Berries, per Ditto Bags Kid Skins, per Calk Lamb Skins, per D" - -

Madders, per Lighter Quills, per Calk -

Bees Wax, per Cask (sometimes) Spanish Wool -Vo l. 41.

1

1

1

-----6

1

1

1

1

6

6

1

6

3

Open

112

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

2 70 Januarii. A. 178

£ d»

Open Tapes, per same Rags, per Score Bags ... Leghorn Hats, per Tub -Flax, per Score Bales ... Chytnical Oils, per same -Feathers, per Bale -Perfumes, per same -Vermicelli, per same -Foreign Skins, per Bale -Foreign Carpets, per Bale Shumack, per Score -

Hampers of Wine -Baskets of Spaw Waters - -

Rice, per Lighter -

Drugs, per Calk -Spanish Flies, per Calk -

Marbles, per Calk -Slate Pencils, per D° -

Dutch Toys, per Fatt -Chests of Slate, per Chest Irish Linen, per. Ship . -

Elephants Teeth, per 100 - . - .

Stags Horns, per 1,000 -

Fur Skins, per Calk -

Furze Sticks, per Lighter Snuff, per Score Calks -Dutch Clock, per same -Catline, per same -Russia Linen, per Lighter - -

Indico, per Lighter ... Clover Seeds, per Score Bags -Garden Seed, per D# .

Raw Calves Skins, per too Bund*

Raw Hides, per Score Calks -

Cochineal, per Score Calks

Jesuits Bark, per Score Seron -

Yellow Oker, per Score Calk

Argil, per Lighter - -

Capficomb, per Score Bales

Archiller Weed, per Lighter -

Verdigrease, per Calk -

Old Copper, per Calk -

Ostrich Feathers, per Cafe

Sugar used, 1 d. per Calk, now per Lighter

Cotton used, 1 d. per Bag, now per D*

Cork, per Score Bundles -

Mottos, per same - -

Buffalo Hides, per Lighter

Venice Turpentine, per Score Calk

Flanders Bed Ticks, per Bale -

Human Hair, per Bale -

Horse Hair, per Bale -

Saffron, per Bale -

Round Robins, per Robin

Paper, each Merchant, per Ship

Old Flint Glals, per Calk

Manna, per same -

Morells, per same -

Trouffies, per same -

Cambrick, per Bale -

Copper Plates, per Calk

Basket Rods, per 1,000 Bundles

Hones, per Calk -

French Eggs, per Basket*

Swan Skins, per D° -

Gums, per Calk - -

Whale Fins, per Bundle -

Ginger, per Lighter - - .

Bremen Linen, each Merch'

Lolh Hides, per Bale -

Currants, per Lighter - -

Reed Cane, per 100 Bundles -

1

6

6

3

6

6

2

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

1 —

— 2 6

----6

1

Tees

a6 Geo. Ill,

*7° Januariu

113

Fees taken on the Sufferance Quays:

From the Merchant, for Subsisten.ce, per I)ay -When paid by the Wharfinger, but - , -

And per Lighter -

Hemp and Flax, per Ton -

Tallow - - per D*----- --«

Ashes - - per D* -

Barilla - - per D* -

Cork, per Score Bundles -

Rice, per Score Calks ——

Rags, per 100 Bags -

All Kinds of Wood used in dying, 100 Ton -

Oil, per joo Calk -

Foreign Matts, per 1,000 - -

Naval Stores, per 100 Calk -

Irish Provisions, per Ship - -

Preferable Weighers:

Allowances on Sufferance:

For Hemp, Tallow, Flax, and Barilla, per Ton -

For Turpentine, Rice, American Allies, and Rock Mofe, per too Calks

For Pitch, Tar, Flour, and empty Porter Calks, per too Calks

Emery Stones, Valonia, and Logwood, per 100 Ton -

Cream of Tartar, Argle, and Brimstone, per Ton -

Schumack, per 100 Bags -

Cork, per 100 Bundles - -

Reed Canes, per 100 D* -

Allies from the East Country, per Ton - -

Provisions at Blackwall and Deptford, per 100 Barrels -Provisions at other Wharfs, per Ship -

Allowance for Expences, when working the Whole Day, per Day -Rags, per 100 Bags ——

Sometimes they are paid by Wharfingers, per Day -

Fourteenth - , Report

* f on'Public Accounts.

— 2 —

— 6

— — 6 -----6

— 36

— 10 —

— 26 6

1

6

1

2

2

2

2

1

6

Allowances on the Quays:

For East India Ships, per Ship -

For Linen by Hambro' Ships, each Merchant

For Fatts of Yam, by D* - per Fatt

For Fatts of Toys, by D* - per Fatt

For Cafes of Toys, by D* - per Cafe

Linen by Bremen and Dantxick Ships, per Merchant

Linen by Amsterdam and Rotterdam Ships, per Cafe

For Seeds, by D* Ships, per 100 Bags

For Calks of Spice, by D*, per Calk -

For Pearl Barley, by D* -

For Russia Linen, per Lighter - -

Skins, per Calk - - - .

Weighing Sugar, per Lighter - - -.

Working Dinner Hours on Tobacco, each Man -

Stamper D* -

Cotton, Rice, and Indico, per Lighter Weighing Currants, per D*

N* 99*

The Examination of Mr. George By; taken upon Oath, July 19th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That be is Deputy Chief Searcher to John Drously, Esquire, the Patent Chief Vol. 41.

Searcher in the Port of London; he has been in this Office above Ten Years.

The Office of the Searcher consists of Two Branches — the Patent Searcher’s Office — and, the Controlling Searcher’s Office. The Officers in the First Branch are, the Chief Patent Searcher, his Deputy, Five Under Patent Searchers, Ten Deputies (Two to each Under Searcher) and Six Clerks: The Second Branch consists

p g of

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

I14 270 Jmuarii. J. 178

of Ten Controlling Searchers, the Surveyor of the Searchers, and Two Clerks; besides other Officers attending upon both Branches.

The Chief Patent Searcher transe&s no Part of the Bufiqeft of the Office, the Deputy executes the Whole. It is the Duty of this Officer to examine the Manifest, the Content, the Cockets, and the Victualling Bill, of every Ship clearing out from the Port of London for Foreign Parts; these Instruments are brought to him nearly at the same Time. The Manifest contains every Article of the Cargo put on board the Ship, except Stores allowed for the Ship, included in the Victualling Bill; this Manifest is made out by the Master, or his Broker, from the Ship’s Book, and when completed, is delivered to the Deputy Chief Searcher. All the Cockets belonging to the Ship being filed in the Searcher’s Office, the Deputy fees that they are signed by the proper Officers, and examines the Marks and Numbers of the Articles in the Manifest, with the like Description in the Cockets.

The Chief Clerk in the Searcher’s Office draws out from the Cockets a Content, that is, an Abstract of the Cargo of the Ship, which the Deputy examines by the Comets, signs the Manifest, the Content, and Victualling Bill; transmits the Content and Victualling Bill to the Controlling Searchers, and retains the Manifest; the Content, being sworn to by the Captain, is returned to the Deputy Searcher, who makes out a Copy, signs, and feuds it, with the Cockets and Victualling Bill, to the Searchers at Gravesend. The Cockets are entered in distinct Books in this Office; Copies of them, sworn to by the Deputy, are lent from Time to Time to the Exchequer. Three of these Books, the Certificate, Bounty, and Free Books, are very voluminous.

The Chief Searcher has, by his Patent, a Salary of One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year; he has a Customary Fee upon the clearing of every Ship to Foreign Parts, pajd by the Master or his Broker, according to the Place to which she is bound. The Amount of these Fees (aft Year, was Five hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Three Shillings; he paid for Taxes, Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings; to his Deputy, Eighty Pounds; to a Waterman, Forty-five Pounds; for Stationary and other Contingencies, Twenty-five Pounds; his Net Income was Five hundred and Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings.

The Deputy, is appointed by the Patentee, with the Approbation of the Treasury; he receives from his Principal a Salary of Eighty Pounds a Year. He has no regular Fees annexed to his Office; but for examining the Manifest out of Office Hours, he receives a Compensation as for Extra Duty; the Ten Deputies receive a Variety of Fee? upon the same Ground: All these Fees form One Fuqd, and are equally divided between the Chief and the Ten other Deputies; the Share of the Chief Deputy amounted, last Year, to One hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, subject to no Deduction.

Geo. By, D. C. Sr.

T. Anguisfi,

Rich*Neaoe,

Geo. Drummond, liiU. Roe.

N* 100.

The Examination of Richard Devins, Esquire; taken upon Oath, July 20th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of die Under Patent Searchers; he was One of the Deputy Under Patent Searchers for about Fifteen Tears, and bas had

the Patent about Eighteen Months. There are Five Under Patent Searchers, each of them has regularly Two Deputies; Four of them do not execute any Part of the Business of the Office, it is transacted entirely by their Deputies; he is the only One of the Under Patent Searchers who executes his Office himself;,he has only One Deputy to assist him.

There are different Branches of the Searcher’s Business assigned to the different Deputies, and they take this Business by Rotation. The Under Patent Searchers take it by Turns to receive from the Merchants all the Cockets they produce during the Day, with the Number of Packages intended to be shipped that Day endorsed on each Cocket.

One of these Searchers attends each Station every Day; the Cocket is sent to that Searcher who attends the Station where the Goods lie; he compares the Endowments upon the Cocket with the Packages; he examines at his Discretion the Weight, the Number, and the Measure; permits the Merchant to ship diem, and returns the Cocket, if completed, to the same Searcher, who signs hfs Name to it; if it is not completed, it is returned to the Merchant, that he may endorse upon it such other Goods as he intends to ship afterwards. When the Cocket is completed, the Searcher examines the Endowments with the Entries, and the Cocket is entered at large in its proper Book in the Office, with the Quantity flipped; this Entry is examined by the Searcher, and signed with the Initials of his Name; the Cocket is filed until delivered, with all the Cockets belonging to the same Ship, to the Chief Searcher.

Some of die Searchers attend the like Examination upon the Water, and at the different Sufferance Quays; and the Examining Searcher is constantly attended by a Controlling Searcher, unless die Multiplicity of Business compels them to separate.

The Searcher who examines the Tobacco always weighs One Hogshead in Five without the Cafe.

The Under Searchers are appointed by Patent, with a Salary of Twelve Pounds a Year; they receive Fees from the Merchants, feme of which are inserted in the Table of Fees, others grounded upon Custora; these Fees are paid upon the Instruments that pass the Office; all of them are divided equally between the Five Searchers, except those arising from the Clearings, of which Half only belongs to them, the otiier Half belongs to the Chief Searcher.

The Share in these Fees of each Under Searcher amounted last Year to Nine hundred and Seventy Pounds Six Shillings. He paid for Taxes Fifty Pounds, for a Clerk Twenty-five Pounds, and for Stationary and other Contingencies Sixteen Pounds, Six Shillings; his Net Income was Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds. The other Four paid each to his Deputy One hundred and Sixty Pounds, which reduced the Net Income of each to Seven hundred and Thirty-one Pounds.

The Senior Deputies are appointed by the Under Patentee, subjectc to the Approbation of the Treasury, and are paid by their Principals One hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year; the Five additional Deputies are appointed by Warrant, or with the Approbation of the Treasury, and have the same Salary upon the Establishment: They have certain Fees grounded upon Usage, all of which are equally divided among the Ten Deputies, and the Deputy Chief Patent Searcher; the Share of each amounted last Year to One hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence. The Shares of the Senior Deputies being subject to no Deductions, the Net Income of each was Two hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, except his own Share, which amounted to One hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence only.

This Examinant further faith, lip doth not bold

this

26 Geo. III. 270 Jammu 115

this Office for his own Use and Benefit, but in Trust, and is paid for the Execution of it the usual Profits of a Deputy — a Salary of One hundred and Sixty Pounds, and ,his Share of the Fees.

It. Devins.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will. Roe.

N* 101.

The Examination of Mr. Ednund ;taken

upon Oath, July 20th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Additional Deputies to the Under Patent Searchers; he has been in the Customs about Thirty-two Years, and Deputy Searcher about Nine Years.

He was One of the First of these Officers at the Time of their Creation; the Five acting Searchers were not enough to do the Duty. The Additional Deputy is appointed by the Principal, with the Approbation of the Treasury, and with a Salary of One hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year; his Business is exactly the same with that of the Senior Deputies, and he has an equal Share of the Fees: He paid last Year for Taxes Twelve Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, but has Rea-fou to expect he shall be repaid the Twelve Pounds, that the Additional Deputy may be upon an Equality with the Senior Deputy.

E. Robbins.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will.Roe.

N* 102.

The Examination of Mr. Robert Weston; taken upon Oath, July 21ft, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That be is One of the Controlling Searchers in the Port of London; he has been in the Customs near Thirty Years, and Controller about Nine Years. There are Ten of these Officers, who are' Checks upon the Ten Deputy Searchers, and attend them in Rotation through the several Branches of their Duty. At the same time that the Cocket is delivered to the Searcher, the Bill which corresponds with the Cocket is delivered to the Controlling Searcher, and goes to the Examining Controller, as the Cocket goes to the Examining Searcher; — these Two Officers join in the Examination of the Goods, and in comparing the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, with the like Endorsements upon the Cocket and Bill; they consult together what Packages they shall inspect. After the Examination, and no Objection arises, they permit the Merchant to ship the Goods. There are a Number of old Tidef-men, about Twenty-four, Part of the Water Guard, who have been long in the Service, appointed by the Board to attend the Goods from the Quays to the Ships; these Men are under the immediate Direction of the Controlling Searcher. If the Goods are Certificate, Bounty, prohibited, or out of Time, the Controller appoints One of these Men to attend the Goods in the Lighter, from the Quay to the Ship; this Man copies from the Bill the Marks and Numbers of those Packages he is particularly to attend to; this Copy is called his Ticket It is his Duty not to quit his Charge until he has delivered his Ticket and Goods to the Custody of the Officer on Board the Ship; he leaves his Ticket with

Vol. 41.

the Officer, unless it is a Tobacco Ticket, which he Fomrt««nth brings back to the Controller: Free Goods require no ReP£r‘ Guard. Books are kept in this Office similar to those kept in the Searcher’s Office; the Bills, when com- CC*M° pleated, are signed with the Initials of the Controllers Names, entered in these Books, and filed in the Office as the Evidence of the Goods shipped, and of the Difference between the Quantities entered and actually shipped.

The Content is brought to the Controller; be examines it with the Entries of the Bills, signs, and returns it.

The Ship is said to be cleared when the Mailer has sworn to the Content; (he is finally cleared by the Searcher at Gravesend.

This Office consists of the Ten Controllers, and One Clerk, appointed by Warrants of the Treasury, and One Clerk appointed by them. Each Controller has an established Salary of One hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year:

His Fees are grounded upon Usage only; the Quantum of the Fee depends upon the Species of Goods, or the,

Place to which the Ship is cleared; the Fees are divided equally among the Ten Controllers; the Share of each, last Year, amounted to Three hundred and Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings. The Taxes were Thirty-two Pounds Two Shillings; the Contribution to the Clerk was Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence; the Contribution to the Surveyor of the Controlling Searcliers was Thirty-one Pounds Ten Shillings; and the contingent Expences Three Pounds Eight Shillings: The Net Income of each was Four hundred and Thirty Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

The Fees of the last Year far exceeded those of any for mer Year; the Average of Three Years, ending 1781, which was called for by the Board of Customs, was about Two hundred and Twenty-six Pounds only.

Rob' Weston.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt. Roe.

N* 103.

The Examination of Mr. John Delane; taken upon Oath, August 3d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Surveyor of the Searchers in the Port of London, and has been in that Office Seven Years. The ancient Duty of this Officer was to in(pect and superintend the Condu6t of the Controllers on the Patent Searchers or their Deputies, and to see that they attend their Duty according to their Instructious: By a Minute of the Board in January last this controlling Power was extended over both the senior and the additional Deputies to the Under Patent Searchers.

The superintending the Tidesmen carries him frequently on board the Ships, to see that the Goods endorsed on the Searcher’s Bills are actually on board. He fends Twice a Day to the Collector Outwards for the Bills or Copies of the Certificate Cockets, by which he fees what Goods are entered to be shipped; he inquires at the Controlling Searcher’s Office, whether the Goods specified in his Bills are cleared, and fees the Endorsements upon the Bills in that Office; he then directs Two Tidesmen next in Turn to go on board the Ship, in order to receive and guard the Goods. He enters on the Outside of a Book, called the Blue Book, the Day of the Month, the Names of the Ship and Master, whither bound, and the Names of the Tidef-men, and signs it: This Book he delivers to the Tidesmen, who enter in it all the Goods shipped; the Goods they are principally to attend to are prohibited Goods, and those entitled to a Drawback. It is not usual to place Tidesmen on board Ships on which Goods are

flapped

A. 178

116

2 70 Januarii.

fourteenth shipped entitled to Bounty. If such, or any other Goods, o*T Public are Put on b°arcl the Ship before the Tidesmen get thither, Accoantl they take an Account of them from the Ship’s Book, and enter them in the Blue Book; they take this Book along with them to Gravesend, it is brought back to him from thence by the Tide Surveyor, signed by the Two Tidesmen who received it, specifying the Time when they left the Ship under Sail; this Book is deposited in his Office. He makes out the Day Pay Bills of these Tidesmen, and signs them; he likewise every Month examines the Bills containing the Charges of the Outward bound Piazza Men, who attend the Goods to the Ship, and signs those Bills for Payment The Surveyor is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year. The Fees received by the Ten Controlling Searchers are by Agreement equally divided between them and the Surveyor; the Amount of his Share of them lad Year was Three hundred and Ten Pounds Ten Shillings. He paid for Taxes Twenty-seven Pounds Two Shillings, his Contribution to the Clerk was Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, and his contingent Expences Three Pounds Eight Shillings; his Net Income was Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence.

John Delane.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will. Roe.

N# 104.

The Examination of Mr. John Hankins’, taken upon Oath, August 3d, 1785. %

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Patent Searchers, and has been in this Office Eighteen Years. After all the Cockets for putting Goods on board any Ship for Foreign Service are cleared (that is, after all the Goods endorsed are shipped) the Cockets are brought to the Searcher’s Office, from them the Chief Clerk makes out the Content, and delivers it to the Deputy Chief Searcher for his Examination and Signature, and then to One of the Controlling Searchers for the same Purpose, he then delivers it to the Broker; after it has passed the Offices, and is sworn to by the Malter, it is brought back to the Chief Clerk, who makes a Copy of it, and fends it by a Tidefinan, with the Cockets, to the Searcher’s Office at Gravesend, for which Cockets the Tidefman gives his Receipt. — The Original is retained in the Office: The Cockets are entered in a Book.

The Chief Clerk is appointed by the Five Under Patent Searchers, with- a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, paid by them. His Fees are customary Payments for the Business transacted in the Office. If he does not pass the Content, he receives no Fee for it. His Fees amounted last Year to Five hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds; he paid for Taxes Six Pounds, and to his Assistant Forty Pounds; his Net Income was Five hundred and Thirty-one Pounds.

The Fees to his Assistant are paid to him by the Merchant, or his Broker, upon the Ship being cleared.

Jrt Hankins.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichfNeave,

Sam'. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, mil. Roc.

N* 105.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Price Jones; taken upon Oath, August 4th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is the Debenture Clerk in the Patent Searchers Office, and has been in this Office Ten Years.

It is his Business to receive from the Merchant all Debentures, whether for a Drawback or a Bounty; to enter them Alphabetically in Two separate Books, and pals them through the Searcher’s Office. He writes on the Front of the Debenture, in Words, the Goods actually shipped, according to their Quantity and Quality, which is taken from the Endorsements upon the Cockets in the Patent Searcher’s Office; after they are signed by the Patent and Controlling Searchers, he delivers them to the Merchant.

The Debenture Clerk is appointed by the Patent Searchers, at the Desire of the Board of Treasury, and is paid by them a Salary of Eighteen Pounds a Year: He receives from the Merchants small customary Fees upon Debentures and Cirtificates, which amounted last Year to Four hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence. He has Two Clerks under him, appointed by the Patent Searchers; and by their Direction he pays to One of them a Salary of Fifty Pounds, and to the other Twenty Pounds; they receive Gratuities at the Pleasure of the Merchant His Net Income last Year, which was a Year of extraordinary Business, was Three hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence: His usual Net Receipt is about Three hundred Pounds a Year.

„ Richard Price Jones.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

IVill. Roe.

N* 106.

.The Examination of Mr. Edward; taken

upon Oath, August4th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Four Officers for cutting off Stamps from Callicoes and other Linens, and Silks, exported. He receives Directions from the Commissioners Clerk in the Searcher’s Office to attend, Two of them together, at the Houses of the Merchants, to take off the Excise Stamps from the Goods they intend to export, to take an Account of the Goods, to fee them packed up, and to seal them with the Seal of Office; they deliver the Account of these Goods to the Commissioners Clerk.

He is appointed by the Commissioners, with a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year; he has no Fees but voluntary Gratuities from the Merchants, which are divided equally among these Four Officers; they produced last Year Sixty Pounds to each: Each paid One Pound Six Shillings to the Superannuation Fund, and to the Pay Clerks Eight Shillings: The Net Income of each was One hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings.

Edward Matthews.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggot,

Geo. Drummond,

JVill. Roe.

a6 Geo. Ill

27° Janua

"7

N* 107.

The Examination of Mr. Nathaniel Bishop; taken upon Oath, August 5th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is one of the Six Coopers and Weighers in the Office of the Searchers: He has been in this Office above Nine Years. These Officers are appointed by the Board of Customs: It is their Duty to open such Packages as the Searchers choofu to examine, and to make them up again, and to weigh the Packages by the Direction of the Searchers. Two of these Officers attend each Station by a Weekly Rotation.

He is paid, by Order of the Board, a Salary of Five Pounds a Year for his Work on Holidays, and Half a Crown for every Day’s Attendance, paid Monthly; he is allowed by the Searchers a Gratuity for Porterage, and sometimes by the Merchant for working at extra Hours; these Gratuities are equally divided among the Six Officers; they amounted last Year to about One hundred and Eight Pounds: He paid to the Superannuation Fund, and for Stamps, One Pound Two Shillings.

Nath! Bishop.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Ncave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will Roe.

N* 108.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Thames Rogers taken upon Oath, August 9th and 12th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Deputy Patent Searchers at Gravesend, and has been above Twenty Years in this Office. The Searchers Office at Gravesend consists of Two Patent Searchers, a Deputy to each, and a Controller; the Patentees execute no Part of the Business; it is all tranlacled by the Deputies.

The Patent to which he is Deputy is at present granted to Two Persons jointly: The Deputy is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury.

All the Cockets belonging to a Ship Outward-bound, with a Copy of the Content, and with the Victualling Bill, are lent from the Searcher’s Office in London, to the Searchers Office at Gravesend. Upon the Arrival of the Ship at Gravesend, the Searcher goes on board, and takes with him the Cockets; he compares the Entries of the Goods upon the Cockets with the Entries in the Blue Books in the possession of the Tide Waiters; he inquires «f them whether the Goods they have in Charge are all

on board, and examines himself, as far as he is able. If Fourteenth the Vessel has only Bounty or Free Goods on board, RePJ« no Tidesmen are put on board her, but the Searcher ^,cco^n,1^ inquires for the Ship’s Book, or of the Officers of the Ship after the Bounty Goods, and fees as many of them as he can without delaying the Ship too long, or disturbing the Cargo too much; there is not the same Reason to apprehend the re-landing of the Bounty or Free Goods, as of the Goods entitled to a Drawback.

The Searcher delivers to the principal Officer on board, the Cockets, and a Clearing Note, Signed by himself: He delivers to the Tide W'aiters a Certificate of the Time the Ship fails, Signed by the Watermen; and a Bill, Stating the Time they have been employed, signed by himself: He enters in a Book the Ships as they are cleared, and fends a Copy of it Thrice a Week to the Searcher’s Office in London.

The Patent Searchers have each a Salary of Twelve Pounds a Year, and Four Pounds allowed him for a Boat. The Fees they receive are, for clearing the Ship, and grounded upon Usage; they have likewise an Annual Gratuity of Twenty Guineas from the East India Company: These Fees and Gratuity are received by the Deputy, and the greatest Part of them divided between the Patentees, the Deputies, and the Controller; Two Thirds to the Patentees, the other Third is divided equally between the Two Deputies and the Controller:

There are feme few Fees in which the Patentees have no Share, but are divided equally between the Two Deputies and the Controller. The Share of the Fees and Gratuity to the Patentee last Year was Five hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence.

The Patentee paid for Taxes about Twenty-two Pounds, to his Deputy Sixty Pounds, to the Watermen Sixty Pounds, and for Stationary and other contingent Expences Twenty-nine Pounds. His Net Receipt lait Year was Four hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence — that of the Deputy was Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence.

The Duty of this Office is constant, Holidays, Sundays, and frequently after Dark; for this extra Service there appears to be an Allowance of a Recompence, by an ancient Minute of the Board of Customs.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richf Neave,

Sunt Beachc,

Will. Roe.

Henry Thames Rogers.

Vox.. 41.

H h

Ii8 27* Jamarii. A. 1786.

Fourteenth N* 10Q.

Report on Public Account*.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES taken by the Officers at the Water Side, for the Foreign

Business Outwards.

Chief Searcher in the Port of London:

For every Ship clearing Outwards for the East Indies -America - - - - .

West Indies -

The Streights ——

Spain ——

Portugal ——

The Sound - . - -

Ireland ——

HdlZd] If Forei?ners> 3* 6dleack; I I I I ’

Deputy to the Chief Searcher, for extra Duty:

For examining the Manifest of a Ship’s clearing Outwards for The East Indies America, West Indies, and The Streights -

Spain, Portugal, Sound, Ireland, France, and Holland - -

Five Under Searchers in the Port of London:

Far every Certificate Cocket for shipping of Goods formerly imported, each -

Pipe, Puncheon, Butt, or Hogsfield, containing British Goods, each - -

Tin, the Block or Barrel -

Dye Wood of all Sorts, Copperas, Allum, and other Gross Goods, the Ton -

Mahogany, the Ton -

Shot and Bar Lead, the Ton.....----

Pig Lead, D° - -

Sheet Lead - - each Sheet -

Beer, the Ton -.....- -

Bales, Chests, Cafes, Boxes, Caiks, and Trunks, to America and West Indies, in Cargoes, each Bales (shipped in Fpreign Ships) large -

Ditto - final 1 ——

Beef and Pork, the Barrel - -- --.

Bread, the Bag ——

Butter, the Firkin ——

Bricks, the 1,000 ——

Barrel Staves, the 1,000 -

Coaches, Chariots, and Four-Wheel Chaises, each -

Two-Wheel Carriages -

Copper, the Ton ——

Cordage, the Coil ——

' Coals, the Chaldron -

Cheese, the Ton ——

Fire Engines, each ——

Gunpowder, the Barrel -

Grindstones, the Chaldron -

Cannon (large) each -

Ditto ((’mall) ——

Gravel and Sand, The Ton ——

W ood Hoops, the 1,000 -

Iron Hoops, the Bundle ——

l'ilh, the Barrel ——

Hops, the Bag ——

Iron Shot and Shells, the Ton ——

Iron Pots and Grating Bars, each -

Nails, the Barrel -

£. s. <L

1 11

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 7

— 5

— 5

— 2

— 2

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

— 10 6

— 26

2 —

— 3

— 1

— 4

1 — 1 —

— 2

— 3

— 4

— 3

— 6 -r- 2

-- 1

----£

— 4

— 4

5 —

2 6

— 6

— 3

— 2

1 —

2 6

— 2

— 4

1 —

— 6

— 2

— 2

— 2

— 2

— 3

— 6

— 2 Rape

26 Geo. Ill

270 Januarii.

Rape Seed, the Bag -

D* - Cakes, the 1,000 -

Soap, Starch, and Candles, the Box -

Steel, the Faggot ——

Earthen Ware (loose) the 1,000 Pieces -

Earthen Ware, the Calk or Crate each - -

Salt, the Calk ——

Seeds, the Bag ——

Tiles, the 1,000 -

Tin Plates, the Box - -

Horses, Allies, and Mules, each -

Wheat, Flour, and Malt, the Quarter -

Oats, Beans, and Pease, the Calk -

Transfer Cockets (Certificates) each -

D* - - - - Free -

Certificates of short Shipping, each -

Bills of Store, each -

Debentures, each -

For Ships clearing Outwards:

To The East Indies

West Indies, America, Streights, and Spain, each

Portugal ——

Ireland and Sound -

Holland and France, Foreign Ships -D* - - - - British Bottoms -

Ten Deputy Patent Searchers in the Port of London, for Extra Duty:

£. s. d.

-----1 Fourteenth

___ ______ 2 Report

on Public 3 Accounts.

-----2

3 ,

-----6

---- a

— 1 —

— —

1

11 6

10 15

7 6

5 —

3 6

2 6

Goods shipped from the unlawful Quays:

For every 10 Packages ——

Bar Iron, under 30 Tons -

above-Ditto, per Ton - -

Pig, Bar, and Shot Lead, the Ton -

Sheet Lead, for every Ten Sheets' -

AUum, Copperas, and Dye Wood of all Sorts, the Ton.

Beer, the Ton ——

Iron Hoop*, every 50 Bundles ——

Gunpowder, every 50 Barrels - -

above D# ——

Tin, every Ten Blocks ——

Cordage, every 10 Coils - - - - . -

Tallow, the Ton -

Oil, the Ton ——

Copper, the Ton - -

Iron Shot, and Shells, the Ton ——

Hops, every 10 Bags ——

Pitch and Tar, for every 100 Banels -

Foreign Staves 60® ——

above D° -

Barilla, Rice, and Brimstone, every 10 Calks ——

Pot Allies, every 10 Calks -

Hemp and Flax, the Ton -

Bricks, Tiles, and Coals, the Lighter -

Painters Colours and Ship Chandlery, every 10 Packages -

For every Certificate Debenture of more than One Parchment -

For every Certificate Cocket, the Ship clearing the same Day as the Goods therein are shipped - ’

For Ships clearing Outwards:

To the East Indies, West Indies, America, St nights, and Spain, each Portugal, Ireland, and Sound - - - - *

Holland and France ——

6 6 2 6 1 6

Ten Controlling Searchers in the Port of London:

Fees for Extra Attendance on shipping the following Goods by Sufferance from the unlawful

Quays.

For Copper in Sheets - per Ton - - — — (5

Voi- 41. Iron,

120 2 7° .

Fourteenth Iron, Lead, Copperas, AUum, Hemp, Flax, Oil, Logwood, Fustick, Beer, and all other heavy *te^’rt.. Goods, per Ton ——

Accounts. Beef» Pork> Herrings, &c.per Barrel - - - -....

Coals ---- per Chaldron ——

Blocks or Barrels of Tin, each ——

Wheat, Barley, Malt, Rye, Oats, and Wheat ground, per Quarter -

Gratuities on shipping the following Goods from the lawful Quays

For all Goods of British Manufacture to the East and Indies, and America, each Package Certificate and Bounty Goods, each Entry -

Tobacco, every 20 Hhds. ——

Palling Debentures, each ——

Clearing Ships to the East Indies each ——

D* - - - to the West Indies "1 ,

D* - - - - Streights, 8$c. /eac

D° - - - - Holland ——

" Germany liussia, France, Ireland, each

Patent Searchers Chief Clerk, and his Assistant":

East India

- I

West India, America,

Spain, Portugal, Streights, qc.

Ireland, and up The Sound, 8$c.

Drawing out the Ship’s Content, and a Copy sent to Gravesend Palling the Content, and clearing the Ship -A Aidant, per Ship - -

Drawing out the Ship’s Content, and a Copy sent to Palling the Content, and clearing the Ship - -

Assistant, per Ship -

Drawing out the Ship’s Content, and a Copy sent to Gravesend Palling the Content, and clearing the Ship - -

Assistant, per Ship -

Drawing out the Ship’s Content, and a Copy lent to Gravesend

Passing the Content, and clearing the Ship -

Assistant, per Ship -

Holland,

Germany,

France,

Norway, 8gc.

Clearing Ships with Ballast only

Patent Searchers Debenture Clerk:

Registering and writing to all Debentures that pass through the Patent Searchers Office, fending them to the Controlling Searchers, and receiving them back when completed, then delivered to the Merchant or his Agent for each Debenture -

For Callicoe and China Debentures, each -

Writing Certificates from the Searchers Books, of Goods short shipped, for each Certificate Writing Certificates from die Searchers Books, for Goods returned from Abroad, for each Certificate ——

Additional Clerk to the Patent Searchers:

Gratuities, not fixed or stated, but at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Business, amounting in the Year to -

Clerk to the Patent Searchers:

Gratuities, not fixed or stated, but at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Business, amounting per Ann. to about ——

Clerk to the Controlling Searchers:

Gratuities, not fixed or stated, but at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Business, amounting per Atm. to about - -

Clerk to the Patent Searchers:

Gratuities, not fixed or stated, but at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Business, amounting per Ann. to about - - - - ....

17S6.

£. s. d.

----3

— 17 6 _ 5 —

2 2 —

— 26

— 10 6

— 3 ~

— 5 —

— 26

— 5 —

— 2 —

— 5 —

-----6

25-----

40----

30----

30-----

Clerk

7,6 Geo. III.

2 70 Jamarti.

Clerk to the Controlling Searchers:

Gratuities, not fixed or dated, but at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Business, amounting per Am. to about - -

Officers appointed to cut off the Stamps from Callicoes,

For attending at the Merchants Houses, and for Extra Attendance, Gratuities, amounting to each in the Year about ——

121

£. s, d.

25----

6o----

Assistant to the Searchers;

Gratuities, at the Option of the Merchant, for Extra Trouhfe amounting per Annum to about - -

Coopers and Weighers to the Searchers:

Gratuity, for Porterage, and conveying Goods to the Searchers Warehouse, amounting on the Average to ——

Officekeeper in the Searchers Office:

14----

18-----

Upon the clearing out of all Ships for the East Indies And all other Ships -For (baling Chests of Tea, every Tenth Chest Gold and Silver Coin, per Package -Goods by Land Carriage, every Cart Load -

----6

----6

----6

Searchers Office, Gravesend.

VOLU NTARY FEES from the Merchantsviz.

Customary Fees received. Patentees Proportion. Deputy Proportion. Controlling Searchers Proportion.

For Ships bound to the East Indies - - - & s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

4 4 — 2 16 — — 18 8 — 9 4

For Shi|>s of 200 to 300 Tons Burthen, bound to any Part of America, or the West Indies - - 1 1 — — 14 — — 48 — 2 4

Some few as above ----- 111 6 1 1 — — 7 — -36

For Ships bound to Portugal or Spain, in general Pay — 15 6 — 106 - 3 6 - 1 |

Some few ---- 1 1 — — 14 — — 7 — — 3 6

For Ships bound to Flanders - - - — 10 6 — 7 — — 2 4 — 12

For D* to Holland and The Baltic, on an Average - — 15 6 — 10 6 - 3 6 — 1 9

For D* to Ireland, some - — 10 6 — 7 — — 2 4 — 1 2

And some only — 6 — — 4 — — 1 4 8

For Ships to any Part of The Mediterranean, on an Average — 15 6 — 106 — 3 6 — 9

' N* i to-

Copy of the Board's Minute.

Dated the 24th April, 1695.

Sir Robert Southwell, - - Sir P. Ward.

Mr. Godolphin, - Mr. Clarke.

Memorandum,

That Mr. Williamson and Mr. Greatheedattended the Commissioners on Behalf of the Searchers, minding them that the Act is now pad for laying Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and wherein there is a Vol. 41.

Clause that authorizes the Officers of the Customs to receive such Recompence from the Merchants, for their extraordinary Service and Attendance, as the Commissioners shall determine; acquainting them further, that there are at this time several Sufferances to be executed; praying that the Commissioners will make tome Determination therein, in pur-fuartce of the said Act, for the Officers Government. — The Commissioners determine, that they may receive such moderate Recompence for their extraordinary Service and Attendance, as the Merchants will willingly give, advising them to use such Moderation therein, that there be no Occasion of Complaint from the Merchants.

I i Mr.

Fourteen! Report ou Public Aoconnta*

iate

2'7°' Jtfnuctrn.

AI 1786.

Hour tooth Hep on

Aerouuts*

eport 1 FuWie

Mr. Chijiurth, One of the Searchers of Gravesend, (Attended the Commissioners on the like Occasion, on Behalf of their Office, and received the like Answer.

A true Copy.

W. Stiles, Secretary.

10th Aug11785.

N* 111.

The Examination oft Mr. Joseph Netheringtoti; taken upon Oath, August 8th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Surveyor of the King’s Warehouse, and was appointed to that Office by Warrant of the Treasury, in November 1718.

The Officers employed in the King’s Warehouse are, the Surveyor, Two Assistants, and a Clerk j a Warehouse Keeper for the Crown, and his Deputy; a Warehouse Keeper for the Collector Inwards, and Two Clerks; Two Appraisers, Two Deputies, and their Controller; an' Examiner of Foreign Books, a Cooper, Eighteen Weighers, and a Locker at the Excise Warehouse.

The Species of Goods lent to the King’s Warehouse are, Goods seized, Goods deposited until the Duties are ascertained and paid, or until the Owners can be found, or where the Owners decline paying the Duties; the Effects of Public Ministers, and other Persons, either British or Foreign, coming from Abroad.

The particular Duty of the Surveyor is to superin-tend all the Officers in the King’s Warehouse, to see that they execute their several Employments; he attends and enters in a Book all the Sales in the long Room, and attends at his Office for several Hours every Working Day, and in the Afternoon during the Sales.

He has a Salary, , by his Warrant, of Two hundred Pounds a Year, and a Poundage of Two Pence upon the Gross- Produce arising from the Sales of the Enumerated Go6ds, which amounted last Year to Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence: He receives Fifteen Pounds for each Sale, and Ten Pounds for each of the Two Rummage Sales; which, with feme other small Allowances, amounted to One hundred and Thirty Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny.

It has been usual to receive customary Fees upon the Discharge of the Articles, from the Warehouse, and sometimes Gratuities from Foreign Ministers; these produced to him One hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence: He paid for Taxes Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, and to his Clerk Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence; his Net Receipt was Eight hundred and Fourteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence: The Two Assistants are appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, the One with a Salary of Eighty Pounds, the other of Fifty; each receives a Poundage of One Penny upon the Sale of the Enumerated Goods, and Fees and Gratuities similar to those of the Surveyor.

Joh

T. Ahguish,

A. Piggott,

Will" Roe.

N* 112.

The Examination of Mr. Robert taken upon

Oath, August 9th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy to Mr. John Walker, the Warehouse Keeper for the Crown, in the Office of the Customs; he executes this Office

for the Principal, who has been absent from it for near Twenty Years, as he apprehends, by Leave from the Board of Trtefufy, on Account of his Health. This Office is a Check upon the Warehouse Keeper for the Collector1 Inwards: All the' Goods' d&poftted in the Warehouse are entered in a Ledger from the Entries in that of the Collector; they are discharged from the Warrants or Orders of« the Board, which are produced to the Warehouse Keeper: He is paid a Salary of Sixty Pounds a. Yean by, his. Warrant, add a Poundage of One Penny on the Enumerated Goods; which amounted last Year to One hundred and Ninety Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence: He paid for Taxes Fifteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, and to his Deputy Sixty Pounds: His Net RSeoeipt tfax-One hundred add Seventy-four Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Farthing.

Roll Trott.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

WUlm Roe.

N° 115.

The. Examination of Mr. taken

upon Oath, August 1 oth, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is One of the Deputy Appraisers in the King’s Warehouse in the Port of London. He has been in this Office upwards of Twenty Years, and One of the Lockers upwards of Thirty Years.

There are Two Appraisers, holding their Offices under tire Appointment of the Chancellor of the Exchequer by Warrant; the only Bufinefe executed by them is swearing their Deputies to the Truth of the Appraisement, and signing their Names to it; each of them appoints a Deputy.

It is the Business of the Appraisers to set a Value upon all Goods seized; they are entered in a Book, and the appraised Value set against each Article. The Clerk to the King’s Warehouse Keeper takes a Copy, and engrosses it upon Parchment; which is called the Indenture of Appraisement; the Appraisers examine it with the Entries in their Book, sign and swear to the Truth of it; and it is delivered to the Solicitor.

The Appraiser has a Salary of Thirty Pounds a Year by his Warrant, he is allowed out of‘ the Produce of Seizures Two Guineas for every Indenture of Appraisement; out of the Two Guineas arc deduced the Taxes, and the contingent Expences of Parchment, Stamps, and Engrossing: The Residue is divided equally between the Two Principals and their Deputies; the Gross Amount of this Allowance to the Principal last Year was Two hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence; his Payment for Taxes was Ten Pounds One Shilling, the Share to his Deputy was Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence, and his contingent Expences Sixty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pebce: His Net Receipt was One hundred and Eighteen Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence.

The Locker is under the Direction of the Surveyor and Warehouse Keeper; it is his Bufinefe to assist in the Examination of the Goods seized, in the sorting and allotting them previous to the Sale, and to attend the Shewing, the Sale, and Delivery of them. The Emoluments of a Locker consist of a small Salary of Five Pounds a Year from the Board, and Two Shillings for every Working Day, and Gratuities

from

a

a6 Geo. III. vj0 Jan 123

from the Buyers, on shewing and delivering Goods.

Rich* Snow.

T. Anguish,

A.Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Soot Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Witt* Roe.

N* 114.

The Examination of Mr. Robert taken

oponi Oath, September ift and 2d, 1765.

This Examinant faith, That he is Warehouse Keeper for Victualling Stores. This Office was insti-' luted* by the Board of Customs, in the Year 1781, when he was appointed to it; it used to be executed by One of the Tide Waiters: It is his Duty to re-oeive all the Victualling Stores liable to Custom Duties, purchased for the Use of the Navy in the Port of London.

The Contracts are made by the Commissioners of the Victualling: The Stores purchased pursuant to those Contracts are, by Warrant of the Treasury, directed to be delivered into the Victualling Stores Duty-free, there to remain until wanted: The Board of Customs direct the Warehouse Keeper to receive them; and they continue in his Custody on the Part of the Customs, and of the Store Keeper on the Part of the Victualling Office: They are delivered out by Order of the Board, upon the Application to them of the Commissioners of the Victualling Office: The Warehouse Keeper keeps an Account both of the Receipt and Delivery.

A Surveyor of the Excise attends this Warehouse, and has a similar Custody, and keeps a similar Account of the Receipts and Deliveries of all Stores purchased, liable to the Excise Duties. Stores not wanted for the Service are frequently fold, liable to the Duties> after the Sale the Warehouse Keeper certifies to the Board the Quality and Quantity, and upon the Production of the Warrant on which the Duties appear to be paid, he delivers the Stores to the Purchaser.

Upon the Application of the Purchaser to the Board of Customs, the Stores fold are frequently removed to other Warehouses, still continuing in the Custody of the Warehopfe Keeper, until the Duties upon them are paid, which increases the Number of Warehouses under his Care. There are at present Sixteen Warehouses under his Care, of which he keeps the Keys; One by himself; Four of them jointly with the Victualling Office; Six jointly with the Excise Office; and Eve jointly with the Purchasers, in order to secure the Duties.

He has a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year by his Deputation, and he receives for the Delivery of every Calk fold, Six Pence, and a Fee of Four Shillings and Six Pence upon filling up a Bond for Exportation, and for Extra Attendance, at the Request of the Victualling Office, at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day, paid by them; these Fees amounted last Year to Fifty-four Pounds Five Shillings. He paid for Taxes One Pound Five Shillings and Eight Pence: His Net Receipt was One hundred and Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Robert

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N* 115.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers in the King's Warehouse.

By the Examining Officers in the King’s Warehouse, on the discharging the several Articles under

mentioned.

C

d.

Argol, per same of Calk Antimony, per same or Calk Almonds, per same or Calk - Ditto - small Calk -Arfeoick, per same ... Anchovies, per Barrel

per same ... Archello Weed, per Bag Alphabets, per same -Aggets, per same -Ames, per Calk ... Apples, Pears, 8gc. per Barrel Bacon, per same or Calk Buffalo Hides, per same or Bale -Brandy, per Calk ... Bees Wax, per Calk ... Black Lead, per Calk Bed Ticks, per Bale or same Bandftring Twill, per same -Bast or Chip Hats, per same or Calk Bugle, per same or Calk Bells (for Dogs) per same -Vox. 41.

6

6

----6

---1 6

----6

— 96

— 26

---6

---6

— 26

---6

— 26

— 1 —

— 26

— 26

Birds,

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fourteenth Report <m Public Accounts.

124

Birds (singing) per same -Blacking, per Calk -Books under 100 lb. per same above 100 lb. per same Bracelets or Necklaces, per same -Brass Lamps -

Bridles, per same or Calk - -

Brooms, per same or Calk -

Brushes, per same Bullion, per Cafe

Baggage with Wearing App1, each Package with other Articles Candles, Wax, per same -

Tallow, per same -

Canes, the Bundle or same -Capers, per Barrel - -

370 Januarii.

A. 1786.

£. s. d.

Carpets, per Bale Catlings, per same -

Caviare, per same -Cheese, per Calk -Cheds of Iron, each Cocoa Nuts, per Calk Coffee, per Bale, Cafe, or Calk -Cobalt, per Calk -Cocoa Nuts, per Calk Composition Fade of all Sorts, per same Comfits, per same - -

Cork, per Bundle -Cordial Waters, per same -Cridal, per same or Calk -Couries, per Calk -Coins or Medals, per Box or same Diamonds, Pearls, $c. the Bulfe -Down, the Bale or Bag - -

Drugs of all Sorts, per Cafe

per Bale or Calk Earthen Ware or China, per same Elephants Teeth, per Ton -Enamel, per same -

6

6

— 1

— 2

— 2

---- 6

— 26

6

— 26

---- ~6

Feather Beds, per Bale -

Ditto Odrich, per same -Foils, per same -Flowers, artificial 1 Flower Roots \ per Cafe

Fofiils and Petrefactions J Furs, per Bale, Cafe, or Calk Garnets, per Box or same -

Geneva, per Calk -

Glasses, French Plates, per same -German Ditto, per same -Grains, Guinea Grain, per Package Grocery, per Cafe, Calk, or Bale -Guns, per same -

Hair, Camel Hair, per Bale Goats Hair, per Bale Human Hair, per same or Bale

Hides, per Bale or same - -

Incle, Wrought, per same or Bale Indigo, per Calk or same -Ink for Printers, per Calk or same - - - " ’

Iron, Wrought, per same or Calk Ifinglass, per Barrel or same Juice of Lemons or Limes, per same or Calk -Lace, Flanders Thread, Bone Lace, per Packet above Soo Yards under 500 Yards -Leather, per Bale or same - ~

Linen of Ireland, per same or Bale - - „ ' ‘

- Ditto - all other Countries, per same or Bale.

Madder, per Calk - - - - . ’

Maps, per same ..... ’

Matting, per Bale - - - J

Metal, viz.Leaf Metal, per same -

Morrels or Trustees, per Cafe, Barrel, or Bale.

Musical Indruments, per same - -

- — 1 .

- — 2

- - m — 1

- ~ 1

m / _ --

- - — 2

— 1

- - mm mm mm _ 2

mm - — 2 1

- - — 1 2

— _ - 2

- - . - - — 1

- — 2

m - — 1

- - — 2

- - — 5

- - m m m — 2

— 2

1

m i

- - 2

— 1

- - - - - m — 2

- m mm m 2

- — 1

- .

- m m m mm — 10

- — 2

m - — _

- - - - — 1

- 2

" - 1

" - . - — 1

— 2

- - - - — 2

tm - — 2

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

— 2 6

— 26

6 6

— 26

— 26

6 6 6

— 6

— ' 6

1 —

— 6

5 —

2 6 2 6

1 —

2 6

— 3

2 6

1 —

2 6

1 —

2 6 Music,

2<S Geo. III.

270 Januarii.

*5

Music, printed or written, per Cafe..

Neats Tongues, per Barrel -

Nuts, Chesnuts, per Barrel -

Oker, per Barrel or same -

Oil, per Chest ——

Oil, per Calk or Jar -

Olives, per Calk ——

Onions, per Barrel -

Painters Colours, per same or Barrel -

Paper, per same or Bale - -

D* - - per Bundle - -

Perfumery, per Cafe, Bale, or Calk -

Pickles of all Sorts, per same or Calk -

Pictures, per same - - -

D* - - - French, per same -

Plailler Figures, per same -

Plaiting for Hats of Chip, Straw, or Ball, per Cafe

Plate of Gold or Silver, per same -

Prints, per same -

Quills, per Calk or same -

Rags, per Bale - -

Rice, per Barrel -

Rosin, per Calk ——

Rum, per Calk ——

Saffron, per same or Bag - -

Sails, each - - - - ,-

Salt Petre, per Calk

Sausages, per same -

Seeds, viz. Garden Seeds of all Sorts, per Cafe, Calk, or Bale

Sugar, per Calk ——

Silk, per Bale or same -Silk Crapes, per same above 112 lb. -per same above 56 per same under 56 Skates, per same or Calk -

Skins dressed, per Cafe, Calk, or Bale -

Smelts, per same or Calk -

Snuff, per same or Calk, above 350 lb.

under 350 -

Sope, per same or Calk -

Spe&acles, per same -

Spices, per Calk, Cafe, or Bale -

Steel, per Calk, Cafe, or Bundle -Stone, Statuary, per Cafe

Stockings, per Bale or same -

Succades, per same or Calk -

per Jar -

Sulphur Impressions, per same -----.

Tapes, Open and Thread, per same or Bale -Tobacco, per Cafe, Calk, or Bale -Tortoise Shell, per same or Calk -Toys for Children, per Calk or same -

D*

per Fatt

Treacle, per Calk or same Twine, per Calk or same ——

Vellum, per same - -

Vermicelli, per same -

Vinellos, per same ——

Vizards, per same ——

Wafers, per same ——

Waters, Pyrmont, Spa Waters, and all other Mineral Waters, per same or Basket

Whale Fins, per Bundle.....-----

Wines, French, per Hamper of 5 Doz. and upwards -

under Ditto -

D*, - - - per Calk -

all other Countries, per Calk - -

D°, per Chest -

Wood, per C. Weight -

Wool, per Bale ——

Yam, Cotton, per Bale or same ——

Mohair, &c. per Cafe, Bale, or Calk -

Raw Linen, per Cafe, Bale, or Calk -

For each Lot of Prohibited Goods fold for Exportation, on discharging the Cocket On discharging a Bill of Store for returned Goods -

On discharging a Writ of Delivery, under 100- -

above 100 -

Vol. 41. K k

s.

— a6

Fourteenth

Report on Public

__ (j Accounts.

— 6

— 1 —

— - - 6

— - 6

— - 3

1 —

— 2 6

3

— 2 6

— - 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 2 6

6

— 2 6

— 2 6

3

' - 3

6

— 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 6

— 1 —

— 1 —

— . — 6

2 6

— 2 6

— 10 6

— 2 6

— — 6

— .2 6

— — 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 2 6

— — 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 1 ~

— — 6

— 2 6

— 2 6

— — 6

— 1 —

— 2 6

— 10 6

— — 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 1 —

— — 6

— 2 6

— 1 —

— 2 6

1 —

— 1 —

— — 6

— 1 —

2 6

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 1 —

— 2 6

Oo

126

27° Januarii.

A. 1786.

Fourteenth Report on Public On discharging a Writ of Delivery, above/. 300 ---- Cf0Unt8‘ On discharging the Order for Delivery of a Ship seized ---- D° of a Boat seized ------- £. s. d. — 5 — — 5 — — 2

Clerk to the Surveyor of the Kng’s Warehouse: For making out Bounty and Irish Certificates, Annum, about ---- 1 — —

Deputy Warehousekeeper for the Crown: For every Certificate granted of Prohibited East India Goods seized and exported - — 1 —

Warehousekeeper under the Collector Inwards: For the Discharge of every Parcel delivered out of the King’s Warehouse, on Payment of the Duties, if large ---- ---- if finall -------- For every Bond for the Exportation of Prohibited or Prize Goods - - - -For every Certificate for bonding East India Prohibited Goods, or Cambrick, in the Secretary’s -6 — 3 —

Office ——

For every Writ of seized Goods delivered on Payment of the appraised Value, or on Composition by Licence, if exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds -And in proportion for smaller Seizures. 3 3 —

rrom the East India Company, per Annum ---- 2 2 —

Clerks in the Warehousekeeper’s Office, under the Collector Inwards: For every Bond for the Exportation of Prohibited or Prize Goods ---- For ingrossing every Indenture of seized Goods returned into His Majesty’s Court of Exche- — 1 —

quer - ----- — 3 —

Appraisers: An Allowance for each Indenture of Appraisement, paid out of the Gross Produce of Seizures; out of which they pay for Ingrossing, Parchment, and Stamps, Civil Lists, and Assistants - 2 2 —

Warehousekeeper for Cambricks and Lawns, and his Controller, to each: For Goods imported, per Bale - ----- for discharging a Cocket and Certificate - -- -Gratuities at Christmas --. ----- 47 —

Lockers at the Cambrick Warehouse: Upon every Entry of Cambricks, when attending the same to the Water Side or Inns; for taking Care of the Cockets for the Merchants ——

For removing Cambricks into the East India Warehouses, and giving them in Charge there to a Locker, to be packed for Exportation; for every hundred Cambricks removed - - -For assisting in Craning into and out of the Warehouse the Merchants Packages, for each — 14

Package - -- - — 3

Stamper of Foreign wrought Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies imported into the Port of , and taking of Stamps on Exportation: Fora same containing 100 P' and upwards, stamping and folding - - - . -For attending at Merchants Houses to take off Stamps on Exportation, and sealing Packages 1 1 -1 tc 1 cr>

Six Weighing Porters in the King’s Warehouse: From the Buyers, on shewing and Delivery of Goods on Sales, amounting to each per Annum to about - -- -- -- 5 10 —

Six

a6 Geo. III. 270 Januarii.

ill

Six Ditto:

Gratuities from the Merchants, Foreign Ministers, &c. for their Care in unpacking and repacking Plate, China, Glass, Pictures, Books, Baggage, &c. amounting, per Annum, to each about

Six Ditto:

15 — —

From the Buyers, on {hewing and Delivery of Goods fold on Sales, and from Merchants, Foreign Ministers, 8$c. for their Care in unpacking and re-packing Wines, §c. amounting to each per Annum to about ——

Warehousekeeper for His Majesty’s Victualling Stores:

For every Calk or Package fold, delivered out of the Victualling Warehouses For filling up each Bond taken on Articles exported -

For extra Attendance on the Vict* Service, when required, per Day

N* 116.

The Examination of Robert , Esquire;

taken upon Oath, August 10th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the Collector of the Coal Duties receives a Salary of Three hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, by virtue of his Appointment, and certain customary Fees upon Bonds, Certificates, and Debentures; they amounted last Year to Two hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Four Shillings.

He paid for Taxes Forty-eight Pounds, to his Clerks One hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings, and for contingent Expences Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings. His Net Income was Three hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings.

Rob* Wejion.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe.

N* 117.

The Examination of Hugh Bisshopp, Esquire; taken upon Oath, August 19th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, that he is Controller of the Coal Duties; he was appointed by Deputation from the Commissioners of the Customs, and receives, for himself and Clerk, a Salary of One hundred and Thirty Pounds a Year: He has customary Fees upon the Instruments that pass his Office; they amounted last Year to Forty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence. He paid Eleven Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes, and to his Clerk Thirty Pounds; which reduced the Net Income of his Office to One hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence.

H. Bisshopp.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

Vo l. 41.

Fourteenth Report on Public Account*.

Fourteenth Report on Public Account!.

128

-if Januarii.

A. 1786.

N*n8.

Ad ACCOUNT of the Fees and Gratuities usually taken by the Officers employed in the

Coal Bufinefe.

Collector of the Coal Duties:

On a Bond for securing the Payment of the Duties ——

On a Certificate given by this Office for all Coals exported, certifying to the Collector Outwards that the Coall Duties have been paid, and authorizing him to make out a Debenture for the Drawback of the said Duties - -

On examining the said Debenture, and computing the Drawback -

Chief Clerk to the Collector:

On every Ship which enters on an Holiday ——

On every Ship not entering at the Office till after 1 2 o’Clock -

On every Ship where the Undertaker signs the Bond along with the Fafitor, instead of the Captain of the Ship himself - -- . -

For receiving the Deposits of the Duties, and passing the Warrants after the usual Office Hours, on every Ship so accommodated ——

For each Petition to the Board originating in this Office -

On the Commencement of each new Fafltor, when he gives a collateral Security to the Collector, for

making out such collateral Bcmd - - . ....

Gratuities at Christrnas, from the Factors, amounting to -

Jqnior Clerk to the Collector:

Upon every Ship not entered by the Factors, but for which the Cocket is brought, and the Deposit made by the Captain himself, and on Coastang Vessela ballalted only with Coals -If this Entry is made on an Holiday ——

Gratuities from feme of the Factors at Christmas, amount* to -

Controller of the Coal Duties;

On each Bond given to the Collector for securing the Payment of the Duties -On each Certificate given for all Coals exported, authorizing the Collector Outwards to make out a Debenture for the Drawback of the Duties paid -

On examining the said Debenture, and computing the Drawback - -

Clerk to the Controller of Coal Duties.

On every Ship which enters on a Holiday ——

On every Ship admitted to an Entry after 12 o’Clock -

On every Ship where the Undertaker signs the Bond with the Factor, instead of the Captain himself For receiving the Deposits, and passing the Warrants, after the usual Office Hours, every Ship so

accommodated - - - -- --....

On each Petition to the Board ——

Gratuities from Factors, at Christmas, amounting to ——

From the Controller, per Ann. ——

£. s. d. — 36

— 26

— 2 —

— 2 —

— 2 —

— 2 —

2 2 — ii — 6

4 19 6

— — 6

— 1

— 1

— 1

— 1

— 1 3 18

10 —

N* 119.

The Examination of Mr. George taken

upon Oath, June 20th and 27th 1785.

This' Examinant faith, That he is Deputy for the Coast Bufinefe, under the Collector Outwards; he holds his Office by Deputation from the Collector, during Pleasure. This Collector, as far as relates to the Coast

Business, is Collector both Inwards and Outwards; but he receives no Duties.

The only Duties paid Coast wife are on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which are received by the Collector of the Coal Duties; on Fifti and Salt from Scotland, received by the Collector of the Salt Duties; on Malt, from Scotland, received by the Collector of the Excise; and on Wine sent Coastwise to London, which is paid at the Out Port.

The Business of this Office is transa&ed by the Deputy

cd Geo. Ill,

27° Januarii.

Deputy and Three Clerks; the Principal executes no Part ot‘ it. The Business Inwards consists of receiving from the Master of the Ship his Sufferance and Cocket, entering the latter into the Exchequer Book, endorsing the Sufferance as a Permit to the Coast Waiter for landing the Goods, and after it is returned granting a Certificate for cancelling the Bond at the Out Port. The Business Outwards consists of granting the Sufferances for

D O

shipping the Goods, and after they are returned by the Coast Waiters, forming them into a Cocket, taking Securities from the Matters or Owners, and exonerating the Exchequer Book upon receiving back the Certificate. As Deputy for the Coast Business, he receives the Fees due to the Collectors, the Controllers, and their Deputies, the Surveyor and his Clerk, the Surveyor General and his Clerk, the Patent Searcher, the Patent Kings Waiter, and himself. The Collector has Four Fees — on a Certificate Inwards, One Shilling; on a Coast Cocket Outwards, One Shilling and Eight Pence; on a Transire Outwards, Six Pence; and by Land Carriage, Four Pence; these Fees amount, upon an Average, to about Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year. He receives himself a Salary of Twenty Pounds a Year out of the Coal Duties, by Minute of the Board, for fending to the Inspector of the Coal Duties a Quarterly Lift of all the Coal Ships.

He has Three Fees; One Shilling for every Coast Bond, paid by the Master of the Vessel, out of which he pays Two Pence, being the Cost of the Bond; Four Pence or Six Pence for a Ticket to the Lord Mayor, as an Authority for a Meter j and One Penny for a Transire Outwards. These Fees are customary, and produced last Year Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds: Out of which he paid Eleven Pounds Five Shillings for Taxes; One hundred and Eight Pounds to the Three Clerks, all appointed by the Collector; and for Stationary, all of which he finds for the Office, about Fifty Pounds. His clear Income was about Three hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

JVelstead.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond

JVilP Roe.

N# 120.

which reduced his Net Income to Two hundred and Fourteenth Fifty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence. ReP®rt,.

° _ " on Public

John Crompton. Accounts.

Rich4 Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

IVilP Roe.

N* I2i.

The Examination of Mr. John Garbrand Hassard J taken upon Oath, August nth, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Controller in the Coast Department, deputed by the Duke of Newcastle, as Controller of the Customs in the Port of London. After the Sufferances and Cocket are entered in the Office of the Collector Coastwise, they are brought to, and entered in, the Office of the Controller: The Certificate of Return being made out by the Collector, is signed by the Controller, and delivered by him to the Master.

In the Business Outwards the Controller signs the Sufferances, enters and signs the Cocket. Where the Goods are of that Kind that no Bond is given for the landing them, they are shipped by a Transire, which is, with the Sufferance, entered in the Controller’s Office, and signed by him.

The Certificate of Return, with the Bond annexed, is brought by the Collector to the Controller; he certifies on the Back of the Bond the Receipt of the Certificate: These Bonds and Certificates are sent by him every Year to the Exchequer, and a Schedule of uncertified Bonds, signed by the Collector and Controller, is sent every Year to the Solicitor of the Customs.

Where an Account of the Quantity of any Article carried Coastwise is required, that Account is made out in the Office either of the Collector or Controller, and examined in the other Office, and signed by both.

He receives from the Controller a Salary of Twenty Pounds a Year, and a certain Portion of the Sum paid by the Master of a Vessel, as the Amount of the Fees usually paid to the several Officers in this Department; these amounted last Year to Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence. He paid for Assistance Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings: His Net Income was Three hundred and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

J. G. Hassard.

The Examination of Mr. John Crompton; taken upon Oath, June 23d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, that he is First Clerk in the Coast Office, under the Collector Outwards;- be is appointed by Deputation from the Collector Outwards, and is empowered, when the Deputy is abl'ent, to traofact all Business which would have come under him in the -Office. He has a Salary of Twenty-four Pounds a Year paid him by the Deputy.

He receives certain small customary Fees from Merchants, their Agents, or Captains of Ships, for Business done in the Office; these Fees are, as he apprehends* grounded upon Usage; they consist of One Shilling for a Coast Cocket Outwards, Two Shillings.for a Cocket for a Scotch Trader (which Two Fees are received by the Deputy for him) Six Pence for making out a Coast Suf- . ferance Outwards, One Shilling for Entries of Coal Ships on Holidays, and after Custom House Hours, and Six Pence for entering all other Coast Vessels on Holidays; these Fees, with small Gratuities upon Holidays, amounted last Year to Two hundred and Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence; out of winch he paid, for Afliftabce aiftl other contingent Expences, Eight Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence,

Vol. 41.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond, JVillm Roe.

N° 122;

The Examination of Mr. Edward Whitehouse; taken upon Oath, August 11th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he has been Surveyor of the Coast Waiters for upwards of Thirty Years; he was appointed by Warrant of the Treasury. It is the Duty of his Office to superintend the Coudufit of the Coast Waiters; there, are Eighteen of them, all appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, their principal Attention is to the landing or shipping Coastwise Foreign Goods liable to Duties: Where the Goods are the Produce of this Country, and neither prohibited nor liable to Duties upon Exportation, the Revenue is in no Danger of being defrauded by the Carriage of such Goods Coastwise, and therefore the Officer is not under the same Necessity of attending to them. Where a Ship

LI arrives

i3°

2j° Jannarii. . 1786.

Fourtfcnth Report on Public Accounts.

arrives Coastwise, One of the Shipping Sufferances from the Port of Loading, endorsed by the Collector and Controller in the Port of London, with a Permission to land the Goods named in all the Sufferances belonging to the Ship, is delivered with all the Sufferances to one or more of the Coast Waiters. The Eighteen Coast Waiters are divided upon Nine Stations, to some of them Three, to others Two, to others One only; they are changed Monthly by regular Rotation. The Sufferances are delivered to the Coast Waiter on that Station where the Ship is designed to unload; he examines the Goods as they are landed, with the Sufferance, and after all are landed he signs the permitting Sufferance, and delivers it back to the Collector.

Where a Ship is to fail Coastwise, the Merchant, or his Agent, fills up an Instrument, which, when signed by the Collector and Controller, is called a Sufferance, and is a Permission to ship the Goods therein mentioned: The Sufferance is delivered to the Coast Waiter on the Station; his Duty is to examine the Goods as they are shipped, with the Entries in the Sufferance, and after they are Hupped he endorses on the Sufferance the Number of Packages shipped, and returns it to the Collector, who from thence makes out the Cocket. A Duplicate of the Sufferance remains with the Collector,

Where Foreign Goods liable to Duties are brought Coastwise, the Surveyor himself generally attends the Examination.

He receives a Salary by his Warrant of Sixty Pounds a Year; he has no established Fees, but receives from the Collector a Share of the Gratuities collected by him, for the Coast Waiters, for their Extra Service, and from the Merchant small Acknowledgments for his Attendance at Extra Hours, Days, and Places; these amounted together last Year to Fifty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence. He paid for Taxes Three Pounds: His Net Income was One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence: It has usually amounted to about One hundred and Forty Pounds.

Every Coast Waiter has by his Warrant a Salary of Forty Pounds a Year; he has Twenty Shillings a Week for his Attendance at Gravesend. He has no Fees, but Acknowledgments for Extra Attendance. The Coast Waiters upon every Station divide equally the Profits of the Month.

E. TVhitehouse.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

JVillm Roc.

N° 123.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers employed in the Coast Business.

Clerks in the Coast Office, under the Collector Outwards.

Chief Clerk:

For making out a Bill or Ticket to the Lord Mayor, of all Com, Coals, or Provisions, brought by Coast Cocket, or Transire ——

For filling up a Coast Bond, or Special Bond, to his Majesty’s Use -

For making a Transire -

£. s. d. -----4

First Clerk:

For making Coast Cockets Outwards -

Ditto - - for Scotland -

Coast Sufferances Outwards - -

Entering of Ships on Holidays Inwards -Ditto for Coal Ships, after Custom House Hours, and on Holidays

1

6

6

Second Clerk:

For registering all Coast Cockets Outwards

D*----- to Scotland

Writing Sufferances Outwards -

-----6

6

Junior Clerk:

For writing Coast Sufferances Outwards

-----6

Deputy

%6 Geo. III.

27° Jattuarii.

Deputy Controller of the Coast Office:

I3I

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

A Cocket -

D* - to Scotland - -

Return to cancel Out Port Coast Bond

D* - to cancel Bond in the Port of London Coal Returns, per Month -

Transire -

1

1

4

3

1

— 6

Clerk of the Coast:

For every Bill of Store

1 —

Surveyor of Coast Waiters:

Fees for Extra Service

Coast Waiters.

For Extra Attendance in loading Coasting Vessels ----- from

According to the Tonnage - -- -.--.--to

The Generality being small, the Average is -

For entering Transires - -- - each

For landing and shipping Wool at the Unfree Quays, per Score Bags -

For landing and gauging Wines at the Unfree Quays, per Calk -

For Extra Attendance in delivering Coasting Vessels, on an Average, according to the Tonnage and Cargo, each Vessel -

— ia 6

— 4 —

— — 6

— 3 —

Coast Weighers:

For weighing and attending the shipping and landing of Wool at the Unfree Quays, each Vessel -For weighing and attending shipping Fullers Earth, per Vessel -

For attending the shipping, landing, and weighing all other Goods, and for Extra Attendance, on an Average, for each Vessel ——

1

1

-----6

N" 124.

The Examination of Mr. William Richmond; taken upon Oath, August 16th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Surveyor of the East India Warehouses; he was appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of One hundred and Thirty Pounds a Year: He is allowed by the East India Company Seven Pounds for every East India Ship, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings for every Packet; he receives a customary Gratuity of Six Pence for every Parcel of the Officers Clearing Stores, and Article of private Trade, and from Passengers, for their Baggage, sometimes Six Pence or more for each Parcel: These Gratuities amounted last Year to Four hundred and Sixty-four Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence; he paid for Taxes Thirty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence: His Net Income was Five hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence.

Wn Richmond.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Ricks Neavc,

Sam1 Beach croft.

Geo. Drummond,

WtW* Roe*

Vol. 41.

N* 125.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas taken upon Oath, August 12th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Assistant Surveyor of the East India Warehouses in the Office of the Customs; he has held this Office above Twelve Years. Both the Surveyor and his Assistant are appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; the Duty of each Office is the fame.

The East India Company have several Warehouses, about Ten in Number, allotted for the Reception of different Species of Goods; they have all separate Warehousekeepers on the Part of the Customs: The Two Tea Warehouses have Three each: During the unloading of their Ships each Warehousekeeper belonging to the Company delivers to the Surveyor a Pileing Bill for Piece Goods, containing an Account of all the Bales from each particular Ship deposited in his Warehouse. The Surveyor enters in his Book each Bale; he attends and examines them as they are opened, marks them off in his Book, and marks the Samples; he afterwards measures the Samples. Where the Goods are imported in Chests, Boxes, or Bags, the First Account of them given to the Surveyor is generally by the Landing Waiter's Abstract, which be makes out, after all the Cargo of the Ship is landed, and fends to the Surveyor;

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

132 . 'I'f Januarii. A. 1786.

it includes all the Goods he has landed from that Ship, specifying the Number of Bales, Packages, and Weights; the Surveyor compares this Abstract with the Bills, and makes out an Account, which is an Abstract of the Cargo; be compares this Abstract with the similar Abstracts of the Inspector, Land Surveyor, and Landing Waiter; he then makes out a Warrant, which contains the whole Cargo of the Ship, sorted under Seven Heads, for the Information of the Officer who computes the Duties; this Warrant is signed by the Inspector and his Assistant, the Surveyor and his Assistaht, the Land Surveyor and Two Landing Waiters, and sent to the Office of the Collector Inwards: He enters his Abstract in a Book kept for that Purpose: He, together with the Surveyor, the Inspector, the Land Surveyor, and Waiter, and the Officers of the Company, examines and settles the Allowance for Tare and Damage of all Goods entitled to them, and enters it upon the Abstract.

The Assistant Surveyor has Two Salaries; Seventy Pounds a Year upon the Establi&ment, and Sixty Pounds upon the Incidental Lift, including Thirty Pounds for a Clerk. His other Emoluments are, customary Gratuities from the Company for making up the Accounts of the Ship, and for the Warrants, and from the Passengers upon their Baggage being discharged by Sufferance, and from the Officers for their Clearing Stores; the Amount of all these last Year was Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence: He paid for Taxes Twenty-three Pounds Nine Shillings: He had no Clerk last Year, but procured Assistance from his Friends, so as to reduce his contingent Expences to about One Pound Twelve Shillings. His Net Income became, from this Assistance, about Four hundred and Forty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence.

Tho.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Sami Bcachcroft,

Will" Roe.

N* 126.

The Examination of Mr. David Maclean; taken upon Oath, August 16th, 1785.

' This Examinant faith, That he is Assistant to Frederick Augusta Barnard, Esquire, the Inspector of the Delivery of unrated East India Goods; he has been in this Office upwards of Twenty-four Years.

The Office of the Inspector is kept at the Custom House; it consists of the Inspector, an Assistant, and a Clerk. It is the Duty of the Inspector to superin-tend all the Officers on the Part of the Customs, in all the Warehouses belonging to the East India Company. Fie states to the Board the Weekly Attendance of the Officers, and occasionally such other Matters as are necessary for their Information. All Papers relative to the East India Business are referred to him by the Board, for his Report. His Signature is essential to the Warrants.

There are Fourteen established Warehousekeepers, Six Controllers, a Jerquer of the Warehousekeepers Accounts for prohibited East India Goods, and in every Warehouse a Number of Lockers, in proportion to the Business in that Warehouse.

The Duty of the Locker is to receive and guard the Goods, and in the Tea Warehouses he delivers them out; in the Warehouses for prohibited Goods he assists in examining the Goods, and packing them up, and attends them to the Water Side, and delivers them to the Searcher.

After Notice to the Inspector, given Weekly, or oftener, by the East India Company, of the Time and Place where the Goods are to be examined, the Inspec-for or his Assistant constantly attends: If the Cargo of the Ship consists of Piece Goods, he receives from the Company the Pileing Bill, which is a Copy of the Invoice: If the Cargo consists of other Goods, he receives from the Landing Waiter his Bill or Abstract: of the Goods he has landed, and from the East India Company the Sight, which is a Copy of the Entry; he Compares the Abstract with the Sight.

The Examination of the Goods by the Inspector is similar to that by the Surveyor: These Two Officers, in Conjunction with the Landing Surveyor and Waiter, ascertain the Tare and the Damage; each of these Four Officers makes up a similar' Account; they examine their Accounts together, and from thence form the Warrants. A11 Officer of the East India Company, called the Husband for Shipping, makes out a similar Account, and compares it with the Accounts of the Officers of the Customs.

Upon every Sale of Tea by the East India Company, the Controller of the Tea Warehouses makes out, upon One of the printed Sale Books, the Net Weight of every Lot, by deducting from the Gross Weight the Allowance for Tare, Draft, and Damage; lie delivers this Account to the Inspector, who compares it with a corresponding Account made out by the Company’s Husband, and transmits a Copy of it to the Bench Officers; he keeps the Original in the Office, and from thence checks the Number of Chests brought to Sale by the Company, by comparing the Number in these printed Sale Books with the Number in the AbstraCb of the Landing Waiters.

A similar Process is observed in the Sale of China, and other unrated East India Goods.

The Inspector is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary for himself and Clerks, of Two hundred and Ten Pounds a Year. He receives from the East India Company a certain Sum ]>er Ship, long since settled between them and the Board of Customs; and a Customary Gratuity of Six Pence for the Examination of every Parcel of private Trade, Sea Officers Clearing Stores, and Passengers Baggage: The Amount of them last Year was, as he believes, Four hundred and Sixty-four Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence; out of which his Payment for Taxes was Thirty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and to his Assistant and Clerk Ninety Pounds; which rendered his clear Income Five hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

David.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRoe.

N* 127.

The Examination of Mr. James Seddon; taken upon Oath, August 16th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Two Warehousekeepers for prohibited East India Goods; he was about Five Years a Controller, and has been about Eight Years a Warehousekeeper.

He receives from the Company a Pileing Bill; he enters the Bales in a Book, with a Number to each; upon the Bales being brought to the Warehouse, he puts the same Numbers upon them, as far as the Number of Bales brought agrees with the Number entered in his Book: He attends the Opening and Examination of the Bales, and enters in his Book the Number of Pieces in each Bale, with their- different

06 Descriptions;

26 Geo. III.

270 Januarii. 133

Descriptions; he retains them in his Possession until they are exported, or sent out to be dyed, glazed, or refrahed; after which they are returned to hiui for Exportation. The Merchant gives him an Account what Goods he intends to export; the Warehouse-keeper gives him a Certificate that those Goods are in his Possession, with the estimated Value. Upon a Certificate from the Board, that the Merchant has given Security to export, and a Coeket being produced to him, he permits the Merchant, attended by a Locker, to take his Goods to the Searcher at the Water Side; the Searcher and Locker sign the Certificate, which is deposited with the Warehousekeeper.

Every Half Year he makes out an Account of the Imports, Exports, and Remains, and transmits it on Oath to the Board; and the like Account Annually to Parliament

The Surveyor, jointly with the Warehousekeeper and Controller* take Half Yearly an Account of the Stock, as a Check upon the Account of the Warehousekeeper, and upon the Property of each Merchant. The Duty of the Controller is to keep the same Accounts, as a Check upon the Warehousekeeper: They, or One of them, attend at the Out Warehouses, for the Examination of private Trade, Baggage, and Piece Goods, in order to take an Account of the prohibited Goods, which are sent afterwards to his Warehouse, and treated in the like Manner as the prohibited Goods of the Company.

The Warehousekeeper is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year. The Fees of the Warehousekeeper and Controller are custoruary Payments for Business transacted in the Office, and for Extra Attendance. His Fees, last Year, were Forty-three Pounds and Three Pence; he paid for Taxes Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence; his Net Receipt was One hundred and Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

J. Seddon.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

WiUm Roe.

N* 128. Fourteenth

Report

The Examination of Mr. Francis Coke; taken upon Accounts.

Oath, August 17th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Controller to the Warehousekeeper of prohibited East India Goods; he has beeu in this Office Twenty-four Years.

The Controller receives from the Company a Pile-ing Bill; he takes the same Examination of the Goods, and keeps the ^me Accounts of them, as the Warehousekeeper, befcg a Check upon him in all his Trans- actions: He signs the Accounts to the Board, and to Parliament, having first checked them by his own.

He is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year. He receives fouie customary Fees and Gratuities, either for Business in the Office, or for Extra Attendance. The Company used to give to the Warehousekeeper and Controller a Gratuity at Christmas, bat they omitted it last Christmas.

This Receipt, last Year, was Ninety-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence. He paid to the Superannuation Fund Two Pounds Ten Shillings. His Net Income was One hundred and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

F. Coke.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNetrce,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilh Roe.

N* 129.

Ah ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers employed in $3

East India Warehouses.

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses:

A Gratuity for every East India Ship arriving from India, as an Allowance for his Trouble in exam* the Cargo, adjusting the Account, and returning proper Warrants to the Patent Officers, of the Description of all rated E. India Goods imported in such Ship -Gratuity for Extra Trouble in Exam* of all rated East India Goods, and for exam* the Accounts of Tea, Coffee, and Pepper ——

For Attendance on such Holidays as the Company require, ea. ——

For Exam* of Private Trade Stores of the Ships Officers, and of the Baggage of Passengers from India, delivered by Sufferance, per Parcel ——

£. s. d. 7-----

10-----

— 10 —

-----6

Assistant Ditto:

For Passengers Baggage, and Officer* Clearing Stores, discharged by Sufferance, for each Package

Voi~ 41.

M m

6

For

St-

Fourteenth Report on Public

Accounts.

*34

2 70 Jamarii. A. 178

For exam* Captains Baggage and Clearing Stores discharged by Sufferance, when lie has his full Complement of Clearing Stores -

And in Proportion for a less Quantity.

For adjusting the Acc*' of East India Ships, and writing the Warrants and Duplicates for each Ship, and in Proportion for Packets -

For attending at the East India House, and exam* the Packets, per Ann.

For Extra Attendance, per Day - - "{rtofterT

For attending the destroying of damaged Pepper - - - r - -

Alio a Present of Tea and Spice.

Inspectoi^if unrated’ East India Goods:

A Gratuity for every Ship arriving from India, for exam* the Cargoes, adjusting the Accounts, and returning proper Warrants to the Patent Officers, of the Description of all rated E. India Goods imported in such Ship -

For every Packet, for the same Service -

For Attendance on Holidays, when required by the Company, each....

For Exam* and Delivery of Private Trade Stores of the Ships Officers, and of Passengers Baggage, from India, delivered by Sufferance, per Parcel -

£. s. d;

— 10 6

5 5 —

— )3 4

— 53

— 10 $,

7-----

3 10 — — 10 —

----- a

Warehousekeeper, for prohibited East India Goods at Leadenhall Warehouse, and his Controller — to each;

Upon every Entry of prohibited Goods for Exportation, and signing the Cockets, and discharging the Certificates ——

For Extra Trouble on surveying, superintending, and taking Account of damaged Goods delivered out to be dyed, glazed, or refreshed; viz.

For every 100 Pieces of Taffaties -

Of Long Chintzes -

Of Short Ditto -

For Extra Attendance on Holidays -

Annual Donations at Christmas, /To the Warehousekeeper, Ten Guineas and Spices from the East India Company, (To the Controller, Two Guineas and Spices -

-----6

— 8 4

— 42

— 21

— 10 — 12 12 — 4 4 —

Warehousekeeper for prohibited East India Goods at St. Helen's, and Private Trade Ware-houses, and his Controller — To each;

Of the Merchants:

Upon every Entry of prohibited Goods Outwards, for granting the Certificate to give Bond, and signing the Cocket, and discharging the Goods, 1 equally divided between them -

6

For Extra Trouble, on fending out damaged Goods to be dyed, glazed, or refreshed; viz. Bengal Chintz, Long, per Hundred -

Short -

D* Taffaties - -

And all other Goods in Proportion.

4

2

8

2

1

4

Of the India Company:

For Extra Attendance on Holidays, per Diem -

On Afternoons, ea. -

For Extra Trouble attending at Out Warehouses, on Exam* of Private Trade, Baggage, and Merchandize, to take to Account the prohibited Goods, an Allowance per Diem -For other Extra Attendance, before or after the /To the Warehousekeeper, of - -

Hated Hpurs of Business, an Annual Gratuity (To the Controller, of -

And an Annual Donation of Spices, Value " {to the ConttoHe^6^6^ "

Jerquer of the Accounts of prohibited East India Goods:

An occasional Gratuity from the Company, for Attendance on Holidays, 8$c. per Day - - — 5 —

And sometimes - - — 5 3

Warehousekeeper

— 10 —

— 5 —

— 1 3

10 10; —

2 2 —

3 *3 6

3 *2 6

«r

26 Gfio. III. 27° Januarii. 135

Warehousekeeper for Pepper, and his Controller: Fourteenth Report + on Public *» S. a. Account*.

A Gratuity'from the Merchants, for entering Pepper, called Note Money, for each Note For Attendance on Holidays, when required by the Company, each Holiday -For depositing Trash in the Soil Pits at Whiteckapel, each Time of Attendance - -A Present of Spices, about Four Pounds, and Three Pounds of Pepper. a n . , /nr? , r rr* , 1 nr i_ r 1 — — if — 10 — — 5 —

A Gratuity at Christmas j To the Warehousekeeper - - - (disallowed last Christmas) [ To the Controller, of----- 10 — — 4

Warehousekeeper at the Drug Warehouse, Billiter Lane: ~ Eor Attendance on Holidays, per Day - - - «' And in Proportion for other Extra Attendance. — 10 —

Warehousekeeper of Bengal White Goods: For Attendance on Holidays, per Day And in Proportion for other Extra Attendance. Warehousekeeper at the Baggage Warehouse, Lime Street: — 10 —

From each East India Captain, when he brings his full Complement of Stores -A voluntary Gratuity from other Officers and Passengers, for expediting their Business, and Delivery of their Stores and Baggage, accord* to the Circumstance. — io 6.

From the Company, for Extra Attendance on HoUdays - - - -For other Extra Attendance in Proportion. — 10 — V*

From the Company, a Donation at Christinas, of Spices, Value, upon an Average - 3 13 6

Warehousekeeper for White, Coast, and Surat Goods, Leadenhall Street: For Extra Attendance on Holidays, per Diem - -- -- --On Afternoons, per Diem - - — 10 —

Warehousekeepers at the Tea Offices, Whitechapel and Fenchurch Street — To each; Gratuities at Christinas for Attendance till Three o’Clock (discontinued) -From the East India 1 For opening the Warehouses on Holidays - - -Company, For Morning Attendance before Eight o’Clock - [For Afternoon’s Attendance from Two till Six o’Clock - 3 3 — — 10 — — l 8 5 —

From the Trade, for writing Permits before and after Office Hours, at their Request, each Permit - -- -- -- — — 6

Warehouseleepcr, at ^«ec*<rpe(,{F"ceax, mi"' and fiS"‘ *"*1 Cocket for Exportation of — — 6

Fenchurch S' wr'l*n2 Exportation Permit, by Indulgence of the Trade, \ each Permit - - 6

Warehousekeeper upon Tea, Coffee, Cocoa, Bugles, and Prize Goods, at For Attendance on the Merchants-, at Times not required by Law, for every Certificate on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa, if for Exportation- - - - If for Home Consumption ----- For every.Home Consumption and Exportation Certificate for Bugles -For every -Lot of Prize Goods delivered (Coffee and Cocoa excepted) -For every Holiday that the Warehouses are opened on the Merchants Account - - - - 2 — — 10 —

Lockers for prohibited East India Goods at Leadenhall Warehouse: Upon every Entry of prohibited Goods, for taking Care of the Cockets, &c. - - - -For Extra Trouble attend* damaged Goods delivered out to be dyed, glazed, or refreshed; viz. — 1 —

For every Hundred Pieces of Taffaties - - - - -of Long Chintz - - - ---- of Short D° - - For Extra Attendance, when required by the Company, per Day each - — 16 8 — 8 4 — 4 3 2 —

Voj.. 41. Lockers

Toorteenth Report oo Public Accounts.

27° Jamarii. 1786.

Lockers of New Street Warehouse, for Bengal White Goods and Raw Silk:

From the Company, for Extra Bufinefe, when wanted, per Day

2 —

Lockers at St» Helen's and New Coast Warehouses:

For Extra Trouble attend* damaged Goods delivered out to be dyed, glazed, or refreshed; viz.

Bengal Long Chintz, per Hundred -

D* - Short D*....

D* - Taffaties -

On attending Goods for Exportation, taking Charge of the Cockets, &c. - -

For Extra Attendance, when required by the Company, per Day, each -

— 84

— 42

— 16 8

— 2 —

Lockers at Tea Warehouse, Fenchurch Street:

From the Company,

For Duty on Holidays, each -

For Extra Duty, till 3 o'Clock ——

If later, each Man extra - ~

From the Merchants, for extra Service, clearing the Teas, and carrying the Cockets to the Lighterman, amounting in the Year, to each Man, to about -

2

2

1

2 10 —

Lockers at Parker s Gardens, Tea and Drug Warehouses, and Coffee Locker at Parker's Gardens,

and St. Helen's Warehouses:

From the Company, for Extra Attendance, per Day, each - - - .

From the Merchants, for carrying their Cockets to the Water Side, call* the Porters, for striking such Tea and Coffee, and clearing the same at the Searcher’s Office ... sometimes

or

2 —

— 6

1

Locker at Mark Lane Private Trade Tea Warehouse:

For Duty on Holidays, when wanted ——

Extra Duty, before and after Time ——

Attending the Shipping to the Water Side, and clearing for the Merchants, the Amount per Annum about ——

— 8 — — 2 —

i 10 — -

Lockers at the Pepper Warehouses, Billiter Lane, Leadenhall Street, and Royal Exchange:

For Extra Attendance, opening the Warehouses on Holidays, per Day - 14

Occasionally from the Merchants, for clearing the Goods at the Custom House, after the Warehouse Hours - — x 6

Lockers at Private Trade, Drug, and Show Warehouses, Billiter Lane:

For opening on Holidays, working in the Warehouses, and keeping them open after the stated Times, each, per Day -

2 —

Lockers at China Warehouse, Fenchurch Street:

For Duty on Holidays, each ——

For Extra Dp ty, before and after Time, till Three o’Clock, occasionally, each -If later, extra ——

2

2

1

Lockers of China, Seething Lane;

- - - of Private Trade China, in Seething Lane and Billiter Lane;

- - - at Mr. Mason's, Fenchurch Street-,

- - - of Baggage Warehouse, Lime Street:

For opening on Holidays, working in the Warehouses, and keeping them open after the stated Times, per Day, each ——

Lockers at Meff" Akerman and C°’s China Warehouse:

For Extra Attendance, per Day -

For D* - on Holidays ——

2 —

1 —

2 —

Lockers

27° Januarii.

*37

36 Geo. III.

Lockers for Prize Goods, Coffee, fyc. at Coal Harbour, and Steel Yard: And,

Lockers on East India Prize Goods, Coal Harbour:

Fourteenth Report on Public £. 3. (L Apeountf,

For Shipping the Merchants Goods after the Hours prescribed by Law -

Opening the Warehousesou Holidays -

The Lockers for Prize Goods, Coffee, fyc.also receive,

For attending at the Warehouses, on Merchants Business, packing and coopering their Goods for Shipping - -

1 —

5 —

l —

Lockers on Bugles:

For Shipping the Merchants Goods after the Hours prescribed by Law - - - — 1 — .

Opening the Warehouses on Holidays ..... — 2 —

Controller on the Lockers at the China Warehouses for Exportation;

An Annual Compliment from Messrs. Akerman and C* - -- -- 3 3 —

D* ----- - from Mr. Mason - -- - 1 1 — -

And occasionally from other Merchants, for Extra Attendance.

N* 130.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Halcomb; taken upon Oath, August 17th, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That he is Register General of Tobacco; he has been in the Office ever since the EstablKhment of it in the Year 1751, and Register General ever since the Year 1756.

This Office consists of the Register and Five Clerks; Two Clerks under the Collector Inwards, Two under the Controller, and several other inferior Officers. The Business of the Register is to keep an Account of all the Tobacco imported into Great Britain: After it is landed in the Port of London, the Landing Waiter delivers to the Register an Account of the Number of Hogsheads landed by him from every Ship, with the Weight of each Ilogfhcad; he enters this Account in his Official Book: He receives the like Account from the Collector and Controller at every Out Port. Upon Exportation, he receives from the Collector the Searcher's Bill endorsed with the Number and Weight of the Hogsheads to be exported; from thence he discharges his Account of those Hogsheads.

Upon Sale he receives from the Collector the Merchants Account, signed by him and the Purchaser, of the Number and Weight of the Hogsheads fold, and to whom delivered for Home Consumption, and discharges his Account accordingly. The like Account of the Disposal of the Tobacco is transmitted to him from the Out Ports, by the Collectors and Controllers. He raises an Account for every Purchaser, and charges him with all he purchases. Every Certificate for Removal is registered in his Office, and the Account of the Purchaser thereby discharged.

He receives* from the Locker an Account of the Hogsheads received into and issued from the Ware-house, and enters them in a Book kept for that Purpose.

He has a Deputy in Scotland, from whom he receives every Year an Account similar to that kept by him in London.

The Register General is appointed by a Constitution of the Board, of Treasury, with a Salary of Three hun-

Vol. 41.

dred Pounds a Year. He receives upon the Incidental Lift Eighty Pounds a Year. He paid for Taxes Seventy-six Pounds Ten Shillings, and to his Chief Clerk Twenty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings. His Net Income was Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

All his Clerks are appointed and paid Salaries by Warrants of the Treasury. Neither himself nor his Clerks have any other Emoluments whatever.

H. Halcomb.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richdheave,

Sami Beach croft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N* 131.

The Examination of Mr. Charles Thredder; taken upon Oath, August 19th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is First Clerk for the Inland Tobacco Business, under the Collector Inwards, and has been in this Office about Thirty-one Years. He was appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; and has a Deputation from the Collector Inwards. He enters, from the Bills in the Office of the Collector, the Quantities of Tobacco imported, and from the Landing Waiter’s Book he enters the stamped Number marked upon each Hogshead, and the Weight of the Tobacco it' contains. Upon the Exportation, a Bill, containing the Quantity to be exported, is marked by him with the Initials of his Name, and sent to the Certificate Office. The Searcher’s Bill is brought to him, and from thence he discharges his Account of the Quantity endorsed on the Bill. Where it is fold for Home Consumption the Importer delivers to him an Account, signed by himself and the Purchaser, of the Number and Weight of each Hogshead fold; from whence he discharges his own Account, and charges each Manufacturer with the Quantity he buys.

N n Upon

*3 8 ay 9 JonuarA, 17 & 6.

Fnwteemh

Feiiort on Public Accuvkh*.

Upon the Application of the Manufacturer, he grants him a Certificate of Removal, specifying the Quantity, and to whom consigned, and discharges his Account. When the Merchant pays either all ora Part of the Duties secured by his Bond, the Clerk in this Office grants him a Warrant, containing the Quantity for which he wishes to pay the Duties; this Warrant is carried to the Collector to compute the Duties, and they are paid into the Treasury.

When Tobacco is to be delivered out of the Ware-hotrfe, the Order for the Delivery is brought to him; he examines it with his own Entries, and signs it with the Iuitials of las Name.

He is paid upon the Establishment a Salary of Eighty Pounds a Year: He receives Two customary

Fees for filling up a Warrant One Shilling, and marking a Discount Certificate Sixpence; these Fees amounted last Year to Seventy-nine Pounds Fiftetn Shillings and Sixpence, ile paid for Taxes Fifteen Pounds Six Siblings. His Net Income was One hundred and Forty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence.

C. Thredder.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sami Btuchcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

}ViUm Roe.

B III III > I HIP P Will

N* 132-

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and GRATUITIES usually taken by the Officers employed in the Tobacco Business.

Clerks for the Inland Tobacco Business, under the Collector Inwards.

First Clerk:

For filling up Warrants for the Discharge #f Tobacco out of the King’s Warehouse for markiqg the Difcyupt Qer#cates - -

£. s. d.

- each

- each

6

Second Clerk:

For filling up Certificates of unmanufactured Tobacco - each — 1 —

Annual Gratuities, on an Average - -- 5 10 —

Under the Controller Inwards*

Fir* Clerk:

For Controlling and signing Warrants for the Discharge of Tobacco out of the King’s Warehouse each

For examining and marking the Discount Certificates each

Gratuities at Christmas, upon an Average ——

1

6

5 10 —

Second Clerk: Gratuities at Christmas, upon an Average -

5 10

Superintendent of Tobacco Lockers, and Lockers c Small Gratuities from Merchants, for Ejttra Attendance.

N* 133-

The Examination of Mr. John Sherlock; taken upon Oath, August 23d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is Surveyor of the Laud Carriage Officers; he is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury. There are on the Establishment Fifteen Land Carriage Officers, all appointed by Warrant of the Treasury; and there is One Extra Land Carriage Officer appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, betides an Assistant, who being a Tide Waiter, has no Salary as a Land Carriage Officer; they are all under his Superintendance and Direction, and he does himself the same Duty

z6 Geo. III.

27° y&nuarii.

*39

as they do. London. Westminster, and Southwark ere divided into Four Stations, called the Eastern, Westeru, Northern, and Southern Stations; and on the First Tuesday in every Month Four of the Land Carriage Officers are by him appointed by Rotation to eaob of these Stations, except the Western, which has Five allotted to it

Xt is their Duty to attend at the Inns in London, Westminster, and Southwark, and to inspect all Carriages of every Kind, in order to see that there are no uncustomed Goods, or Goods without Permit or Certificate; they also inspect, in the belt Manner they are able, the Warehouses at the different Inns, for the same Purposes; when they find such Goods they seize them, and take them to the Custom House, where they are deposited in the Warehouse. When they receive Information of Goods liable to Seizure, they proceed to search for them according to the Information received, whether they are on the Land or on the Water. There are three of these Officers who do no Duty, being in other Services.

He is paid upon the Establishment a Salary of Sixty Pounds a Year. He paid to the Civil List, Superannuation Fund, and for Stamps, Three Pounds and Fight Pence, and Gratuities upon receiving his Salary Ten Shillings; which made his Net Receipt Fifty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence.

The Land Carriage Officers are paid upon the Establishment a Salary of Thirty-five Pounds a Year each: They paid, as he believes, to the Superannuation Fund, Eighteen Shillings, and for Stamps Eight Pence, and upon the Receipts of their Salary Four Shillings.

He does not, neither, as he believes, do any of thp Land Carriage Officers, receive any Fees, Allowances, or Gratuities.

John Sherlock.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

of the Commanders and Mates of Cruisers, of the Tide Fourteenth Surveyors, Sitters, and chief Boatmen, at those Out ^Dep°u^|ic Ports where Journals are kept, and lays Extracts of Accounts, them before the Board.

The Act that gives a Bounty to the Ships employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, requires a Variety of Circumstances to entitle the Ship to that Bounty.

In the Port of London the Inspector, jointly with the Surveyor for the Act of Navigation, fees that all those Requisites are complied with in every Ship fitted out at that Port. Where the Ship is fitted out at an Out Port, the Documents relative to that Ship are referred by the Board to the Inspector, for his Examination and Report.

The Inspector and Surveyor give a similar Survey to the Ships fitted out for the Whale Fisheries upon the Coast of Labradore, and to the Southward of Forty-four Degrees North Latitude, as far as the A fits giving a Premium to such Ships require. Where the Herding Fisheries are entitled to Bounties, the Documents are sent to him by the Board for his Examination and Report. He receives a Salary of One hundred and Thirty Pounds a Year, and Two Gratuities of One hundred Pounds each, all payable, as he apprehends, out of the King’s Share of Seizures. Out of which he paid for Clerks Seventy Pounds, to the Superannuation Fund Two Pounds Ten Shillings, and for other contingent Expences One Pound Nine Shillings and Six Pence. His Net Income was Two hundred and Fifty-six Pounds and Six Pence. He employs Two Clerks, both appointed and paid by hiuiself.

Sam1 Rrown.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N* 135.

N* 134.

The Examination of Mr. John; taken

upon Oath, August24th, 1785.

The Examination of Mr. Samuel Brown;taken upon Oath, August 23d, 1785. This Examinant faith, That he is Surveyor for the

Act of Navigation, and has been in this Office near This Examinant faith. That he is Surveyor for building Seven Years. The Act of Navigation contains feve-Sloops and Boats, Examiner of the Water Guard Of- ral Directions relative to both Foreign and British iioers Journals, and Inspector of the Ships in the Whale Ships. It is the Duty of the Surveyor to inspect and Herring Fisheries. These Three Offices have been these Ships, and to see that all the Directions in that ufoally executed by the same Person. He holds the Act are duly complied with. He keeps a Register of First by Deputation, and the other Two by Orders of ell Ships entering the Port of London, in which he in the Board of Customs. ferts the Names of the Ship and Master, the Tonnage,

Surveyor, he receives from the Board Accounts and Number of Men, from whence (he comes, and her of the State and Condition, and the Bills for Repairs, Cargo, under a general Head. He inspects, jointly of all Cruisers and Boats in the Service of the Revenue with the Surveyor for Sloops, the Ships fitted out in the jm England, trauiinitted to them from the Out Ports, Port of London for the Whale Fisheries, in order to fee and makes his Report to them upon those References, that the Circumstances of the Ship required by the several He himself forveys the Cruizers and Boats either be- Acts are properly attended to He certifies, wherever longing to the Port of London, or brought thither for a Certificate is necessary, the Built and Tonnage of the Repairs, and reports to the Board the State and Con- Ship.

dition of them; and when they are repaired he exa- He is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with mines and reports upon the Bills. If new Vessels are a Salary, for himself and Clerk, of One hundred and built, he lays before the Board an Estimate of the Twenty Pounds a Year. He receives customary Fees Expence, contrafts with the Builder for the Hull, for various Business in the Office; these amounted last and superintends the building. He is frequently sent Year to Three hundred and Fifty-two Pounds lhir-to the Out Ports to survey Vessels either contrafted teen Shillings and Six Pence. He paid for Taxes for or belonging to the Crown, and employed in this Twenty-five Pounds Ten Shillings; to his Clerk Service, and sometimes to examine the Conduct of the Twenty Pounds; to the Superannuation Fund Two Officers. Pounds Ten Shillings; and for contingent Expences

As Examiner, he receives every Quarter the Journals Five Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence. His Net Vojl 41. Income

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

140 2 70 Januarii, . 1785.

Income was Four hundred and Nineteen Pounds Eight Shillings.

John

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe.

N* 136.

The Examination of Mr. Robert; taken

upon Oath, August 24th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he has been for Twenty Years One of the Inspe&ors of the River. There are Tour of these Officers, all appointed by Warrants of the Treasury.

The general Duty of the Inspector is to superintend the Officers that consticute the Water Guard, who are the Tide Surveyors, the Tide Waiters, the Watermen, and the Watchmen, and the Coast Waiters at Gravesend; "being altogether, as he believes, in Number about Six hundred.

The Four Inspectors take it by Turns to attend Weekly, One at Gt'ax'esend, One at the Office, ami Two upon

the River Duty. Another Branch of the Inspectors Duty is to report upon the numerous References made to them by the Board, ami to represent to them, by Memorials, such Observations and Regulations as occur to them relative to the Officers and Business under their Inspection: They examine and certify the Bills for the Payment of the Tide Waiters and Watermen, and the Incidental Pay of the Tide Surveyors. There are Ten Stationary Tide Surveyors constantly residing at particular Places, with each a Boat and Two Watermen. There are eight regular Established Tide Surveyors, and Nine additional Surveyors, who are Established Tide Waiter; these Seventeen all succeed, of course, by regular Rotation, to the Stations, which are divided into Six, some having Two, others Three Surveyors: The Stations are, the Gravesend, the Boarding Station at London, the Homeward-bound, the Clearing the Outward-bound, and the Quays and Office Station.

The Inspectors on the River visit the Ships, to see that the Tide Surveyors and Tide Waiters are upon their Duty, and that the Tide Surveyors, have duly signed the Blue Books of the Tide Waiters.

Upon Notice of the Arrival of an East Indiaman in the Downs, the Inspectors appoint a Guard to that Ship, consisting of a Tide Surveyor taken by Rotation, who is the Superintendant of the whole Guard, and an Assistant who is an Established Tide Waiter, Three Boats, Five Tide Waiters, and Ten Watermen. Eight Tide Waiters more are put on board her at Gravesend, One of whom the Inspectors appoint to be the Book-keeper: When flie comes to the Moorings, the Inspectors increase the Guard, by the Addition of a Day Galley and Four Watermen. The Inspeflor frequently visits this Ship, sometimes assists in the Rummage, and is always present at the Clearing.

The Inspectors examine into the Circumstances of those Ships which are liable to he put under Quarantine in the River, and make their Report to the Board, annexing the Examinations taken upon Oath; and upon their Certificate the Ship is discharged, and admitted to report. Tine Inspector at Gravesend fends by Express to the Tide Surveyors on the Quay Station, for a Supply of Tide Waiters, and furniilies them with Money for their Support, and every WeeJk delivers in his Account to the Receiver General.

The Inspector has a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year by virtue of his Warrant, and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings, payable out of Incidents, for his Service at Gravesend. He receives no Fees, but Ibme small Gratuities for Extra Business and Attendance, which are generally equally divided between the Four; they amounted last Year to about Twenty Pounds each. He paid for Taxes Twenty-three Pounds. His Net Income was One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings.

Rt. Weskett.

T. Anguish,

A Piggott,

Geo. Dnimmond,

Wilt" Roe.

N‘i37.

The Examination of Mr. Matthew Poppleuell; taken upon Oath, August 26th, 1785*

This Examinant faith. That he is the Senior Tide Surveyor; he was Twelve Years in the Jerquer’s Office, and has been Twenty-three Years a Tide Surveyor.

The Duty of this Officer, upon the Gravesend and Boarding Stations, is to board every Ship from Foreign Parts, to take an Account of them, and to put on board the regular Number of Tide Waiters. Upon the Homeward and Outward bound Stations, he visits the Ships, fees that the Tidesmen are on board, and gives One at a Time Leave to go on Shore for Four Hours. On the Clearing Station, he attends the Office every Day, to receive the Orders of the Board relative to the Ships that are to be cleared; he visits the Ship, fends to the Ware-house the remaining Parcels, and when all the Goods are landed discharges the Tide Waiters, and enters their Names in the Tide Surveyor’s Office, that they may be again employed.

Upon the Quay Station, the Surveyor visits the Ships where the Tidesmen are on board, clears them, superintends the Watchmen, and detaches the Tide Waiters to Gravesend.

Upon every Station, the Surveyor rummages where-ever he finds Occasion.

The Eight established Tide Surveyors are appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of Sixty Pounds a Year, and by Order of the Board Twenty Shillings a Week for their Attendance upon the Gravesend Station, and One Guinea a Week for their Duty on board East Indiamen; these Two Allowances amounted last Year to Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings. He receives customary Gratuities, amounting last Year to Fifty Pounds. He paid to the Civil List One Pound Ten Shillings, the Superannuation Fund One Pound Ten Shillings, for Stamps Eight Pence, and for his extraordinary Support on his Duty at Gravesend, and on board the Indiamen, and other contingent Expences, Thirty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence. His Net Income w;as Ninety-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings. Formerly it was usual for the Tide Surveyor to dine on board with the Officers of the Ship, but that is now, by the particular Order of the Board, discontinued.

Matthew Popplewell.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe.

26 Geo. IIL 27° Ja 141

K* 13$

The Examination of Mr Burr; taken

upon Oath, August 26th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Tide Waiters afiting as a Surveyor, and has been so near Seven Years. There are Nine of these Officers appointed Tide Waiters by Warrant of the Treasury, and Acting Surveyors by Order of the Board of Customs.

There are Seventy-nine established Tide Waiters on the Superior Lift, with a Salary of Forty Pounds a Year; and One hundred and Twenty upon the Inferior Lilt, with a Salary of Thirty-five Pounds. The Afiting Surveyors are taken out of either of the Lifts* at the Pleasure of the Commissioner who appoints.

The Duty of this Officer is exafitly the same with that of the Tide Surveyor. His own Salary, by-his Warrant, is Thirty-five Pounds a Year, being upon the Inferior Lift: As Surveyor, he has an -additional Salary, by Order of the Board, of Twenty Pounds. He received, for his attendance at and on

board the Iridiamen, about Eighteen Pounds. He re-

ceived the like customary Gratuities with the Tide Surveyor; they amounted, last Year, to about Thirty-four Pounds. He paid for Taxes Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and for extraordinary Expences Thirty-six Pounds Five Shillings. His Net Income was Sixty-eight Pounds.

Rich* Burr.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sami Beachcroft, -

Will" Roe.

N* 139-

The Examination of Mr. Benjamin Otbie; taken upon Oath, August26th, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Established Tide Waiters on the Superior Lift: The

Difference between the Superior and Inferior Lifts con-fists in the Salary only: There is also a Preferable Lift, confuting of Three hundred and Fifty-six, who are paid only when upon Duty; Three Shillings a Day when on Ship Duty, and Half a Guinea a Week when attending at Gravesend.

The Duty of the Tide Waiter is on board the Ship; he is put on board by the Tide Surveyor on the Station, and is to guard the Cargo of the Ship from being -landed withouf an Order, until Ihe is cleared. He receives Orders for the Delivery of the Goods from the Land Waiter, signed by him, and describing the Marks, Quantities, and Quality of the Goods to be landed; he enters them in the Blue Book as they are delivered, and fends a Note of them, by the Tide Waiter who has the Charge of them, to the Quay.

When the Cargo is all landed, the Tide Surveyor comes on board, rummages the Ship, and discharges the Tide Waiter. The Blue Book is signed by the Tide Waiter and Tide Surveyor, and delivered to the -Jerquer.

In moll Ships the Officer is maintained with the Ship’s Provisions; in some Ships he is refused Provisions, and is obliged, with the Leave of the Surveyor, to procure them from on Shore.

The Established Tide Waiters are appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary, the Superior Lift of Forty Pounds, and the Inferior of Thirty-five Pounds: Upon the India Duty he has an additional Allowance, when Assistant to the Surveyor, of One Guinea a Week, and when in the Boat, Two Shillings and Six Pence a Day. Each Officer pays to the Superannuation Fund. The Tide Waiters do not, that he knows of, receive any Fees whatever.

x Benj* Otbie.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sami Beachcroft,

Will* Roe.

N* 140.

An ACCOUNT of the FEES and G R ATU IT IE S usually taken by the Officers for the Water Guard.

Gratuities from which are uncertain

Clerk to the Surveyor for Sloops:

Owners of Greenland Ships, several Commanders of Cutters* and other Persons,\ :ertain, having no Demand ---- -J *

84----

Vol. 41.

O o

Office

Fourteenth Report on Public

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts*

142

270 Januarii.

A. 1786.

Office of Surveyor for the Act of Navigation:

A Certificate to obtain a Mediterranean Pass - -

A Ditto, East India Ship -

A Certificate for a Prize Ship to obtain Certificate of Freedom A Certificate to obtain a Register -

Surveying and muttering a Greenland Ship Outwards and Inwards -Surveying and admeasuring a Ship to ascertain the Tonnage A Corn Debenture -

A Spirit Certificate - -

Registering a Certificate of Freedom -

Naturalizing a Foreigner -

Registering Attorney General’s Opinion -

Act Certificate ——

Surveyor. Clerk. Tw« Watermen.

£ . s. d. £ s. d. L* d.

— 6 — — 1

1 1 — — 5 —

- — 18 fr — 2 6 — 2 G

— 18 6 — 2 6 — 26

in 6 — 10 6

— 18 fi — 26 — 2 $

— 2 3 3 £

2 - 1 — u 1 6

lll6 — 10 6

1 1 — -«<

1 1 — 2 6 M 3 $

Inspectors of the River:

Voluntary Gratuities for various Services, chiefly Extra, and on Holidays or unufoal Hours of Biifi-nefe, and when the Board is not fitting, the Annual Amount, to each of the Four Inspectors, is about ——

Established and additional Tide Surveyors:

Gratuities for Extra Services in forwarding the clearing and lading Ships, on an Average, as follows, viz.

Ships from the West Indies, Streights, America, Baltick, Norway, Hambro', Dantzick, and sundry other Places, each Voyage, on Certificate being given that the Cargo is all delivered, and the Ship cleared Inwards ——

Ships from Holland, France, Spain, and Ireland -

Small Vessels from Prussia, Holland, and sundry other Places, with Grain -On Leave being given by the Board to deliver Part of the Cargo before a regular Entry can be made of the Goods, for their Trouble to examine the Ship, report, and give an Order -On Leave being given by the Board to bring Goods to the Warehouse for the Security of the Duty, for their Trouble to examine the Ship, report, and give an Order -

For examining the Books, and giving a Certificate that the Ship has delivered the Whole of the Cargo, paid the Hospital Bills, and may be permitted to enter Outwards -

Acting Inspector of the River:

For a Certificate given on board at a Ship’s clearing Inwards -

For a Certificate at the Office, of a Ship’s being clearing Inwards -

For a ftiffening or lightening Ship’s Order -

For an Order to the Officers to permit Goods to be brought to the King’s Warehouse -

For an Order to put out Ship’s Sand, &c. Ballalt - .-

On the First Article there is sometimes only 2 s.2 s. 6d. or 5 s. and frequently nothing paid.

1

Register of Tide Waiters:

When a new Officer is registered, a frequent Compliment is made him of -

Register for the Watermen:

Qn registering a Waterman’s Deputation

On the Discharge of a Waterman from India Duty

Also an optional Gratuity at Christmas.

Surveyor at Purfleet:

For Extra Duty for examining and certifying a Boat which conies Coastwise from Feversham with Powder, by Order of the Privy Council -

20 — —

10 6

5 —

2 6

5 — 5 —

1 -»

10 6 1 — 5 — 5 ~ 5 —

— 2 S

2 6 1 —

2 6

2 6 Geo. Ill

2 7° Jamarii.

*43

N® 141.

*The Examination of Mr. taken

upon Oath, August 17th> 1785*

This Examinant faith, That he is Clerk to Edmund Armstrong, Esquire, the Husband of the 4i Cens. Duty in the Office of the Customs. *

This Duty is collected in the Plantations in the Pro* duce of the several Islands, and that Produce is remitted by the Collectors to the Husband of this Duty in England, There are Six Islands subject to this Duty,

Antigua, St. Christophers, Nevis, and

Tortola.

The CoHedor in the Plantations fends to the Husband an Invoice and Bill of Lading of the Goods remitted for the Duty; they are landed pursuant to a Sight, which is a Direction to the Landing Waiter to land them, signed by the Husband, his Controller, and One Commissioner, and they are sent to the Ware-house; the Husband enters them, and pays the Duty. The Husband, the Controller, and the other Officers, fell, these Goods by Auction, at Itated Times. The Husband receives die Money produced by the Sales, and fends to the Board every Month a State of his Accounts, containing the Balance of the left Month, his Receipts and Payments during the Month, and the Balance remaining in his Chell, to abide the Order of the Board.

These Duties are liable to various Payments, feme by Warrants of the Treasury, others by Orders of the Board of Customs; others, beiq£ the incidental Expences attending the Management, are paid by the Husband or Controller. As loon as the Account of a Sale is made up, it is sent, with the Vouchers, to the Controller General, who is the Officer that pafles the Accounts of the Husband. He pays from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General, such a Sum as he can lpare, confident with the current Expences of the Office.

This Office consists of the Husband and his Clerk, an Examiner of his Accounts, a Controller, a Cooper, a Warehousekeeper, and Two Lockers.

The Husband is appointed by Warrant of the Treasury, with a Salary of One hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year; his Payment for Taxes was Twelve Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence; his Net Receipt was One hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

The Examiner does no Business, nor ever attends; the Controller executes the Business of that Officer. All the Salaries, except Thirty-six Pounds Four Shillings to the Warehousekeeper, and the Allowances to the Lockers, are paid out of this Duty.

William Lawless.

T. Anguish

A. Piggott,

Richd Aeave,

Sam1 Beac

Geo. Drummond, Will" Roe.

N® 142.

The Examination of Mr. Bajlin; taken upon Oath, October 25th, and November lit, 1785.

This Examinant faith. That in the Account of the Produce of Seizures and Fines transmitted to this Board, the Charges inserted in the Column under the Title of Charges of Condemnation, §c. paid out of the Gross Produce, comprehend the Payments to all the Officers employed in the Condemnation and Sale, and the Poundages payable to the several Officers of Vol. 41,

the Customs, except that to the Inspector of Prosecutions; after these Charges are deducted out of the Grols Produce, the Remainder is divided into certain Shares between the King and the seizing Officers, according to the Directions of the Acts of Parliament relative to Seizures. The Shares of the fficers are paid at the Port; the Shares of the Crown are remitted by the Collectors to the Receiver for the Out Ports, but retaining in their Hands such Portions of those Shares as may be wanted for maintaining the Custom House Cruizers, and to defray such other incidental Expences at the Port as the Commissioners may think proper to order. Such Part of the King’s Share as is remitted to the Receiver for the Out Ports is applied to any of the incidental Charges of Management arising in London, pursuant to the Orders of the Board, and the Remainder paid into the Exchequer. The principal Heads of Expence defrayed out of the King’s Share, either arising in London, or remitted from the Out Ports, are, the Cutters, Trades-men’s Bills, Stationary, Rewards to the Soldiers who assist in making Seizures, to the Officers for seizing Snuff and Tobacco, and the Poundage to the Inspector of Prosecutions.

Jiir Bajlin.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N* 143.

The Examination of Mr. James Stephenson; taken upon Oath, December 2d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That the only Business transacted in the Inward Branch of the Office of Surveyor of the Port of London, is that of a Check upon the Three Divisions of the Receipt of the Collector Inwards. Neither the Debentures for Drawbacks or Bounties pals through this Department.

Every Year Three Books are sent from the Exchequer to the Office of the Surveyor — One for the Custom Duties on Wine, another for the Custom Duties by Merchant Strangers, the other few the Custom Dufies ob all other Goods: The Daily Bills are copied into these Books, as far as relate to that Branch of Duties called the Customs; but no other Brandies are entered there. Each Book contains the Account of a Year, and when completed is delivered to the Deputy Surveyor, and, as he believes, transmitted to the Exchequer. Duplicates of these Books are made out in like Manner from their own Bills, in the Offices of the Controller, Surveyor General, and Register of Warrants. He does not know that any Use is or can be made of these Books in the Exchequer.

Every Account contained in these Books may be obtained from the Offices of the Collector, Controller, Surveyor General, Surveyor, and Examiner.

The Outward Branch of this Office is a Check, in a similar Manner, upon the Collector Outwards; Debentures for Bounties are entered in that Office, and signed by the Deputy Surveyor. He receives and makes out, in like manner, Exchequer Books for his Department. This is the Whole of the Business transa&ed in that Office.

James Stephenson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will*Roe.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Fourteenth Report on Public Account#.

144 27 0 JanuariiA. 1786.

N* 144.

The Examination of Mr. Peregrine Sims) taken upon Oath, December 2d, 1785.

This Examinant faith, That all the Bufinefe tranla&ed in the Inward Branch of the Office of Surveyor General is, the Check upon the Receipt of the Collectors Inwards, keeping a Sight Book, and making out the Exchequer Books; the like Check and Duplicates of these Books are kept, as he believes, in the Offices of the Collector, and all the other Patent Checks.

A Merchant Alien Warrant and Bill of Sight is signed by the Collector, the Controller, the Examiner, the Surveyor General or Surveyor, and by the Petty Customer Inwards: His Exchequer Book contains only the Custom Branch paid by Aliens, or upon Imports in Foreign Ships; the Alien Exchequer Book of the Surveyor General contains the same Entries. The Entry in the Exchequer Books of the Customer and Surveyor General is a Description of the Goods only; the like Account may be obtained, as he believes, from many of the Officers of the Customs.

Per. Sims.

T. Anpiish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, mil*Roe.

N* 145*

After my hearty Commendations.

Whereas by your Report, of the 19th May last, vou have certified me, that you are of Opinion Mr. John Pearfe, of, London, Merchant, is fitly qualified to take Care that Informations concerning uncustomed and prohibited Goods be effectually prosecuted, and that the Fines and Recoveries be duly brought to the King’s Account; and have offered to me your Opinion, that I should make Trial of him for Twelve Months, with such Allowance as to me shall seem meet, upon Experience of his Service, with which Terms, you say, he is content; but that you conceive he ought to be obliged to leave off his Trade, wherein he is at present, or was lately, engaged, and give Security for his faithful Behaviour in the Said Employment. These are, therefore, to pray and require you to issue forth your Deputation to the said John Pearfe, for the Employment aforesaid, to continue for the Space of One Year from the Date hereof, and no longer; and you are to take Care that he leaves oft' his Said Trade, and give sufficient Security for his faithful Behaviour in the said Employment, as you have proposed. And for so doing this shall be your Warrant

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

the 3d Day of June 1686. Rochester.

To my very loving Friends, the Commiss" of his Majesty’s Customs.

Custom House, London,

9th July 1785.

IF.Stiles, Secretary.

- *

N° 146.

After our hearty Commendations.

Whereas John Pearfe, who is employed under you to inspefit the Prosecutions in Custom Causes in ttie Exchequer, did lately present to us a Petition,- and 08

another Paper, representing to us his Services in that Affair, with a Proposal for obtaining his Majesty’s Letters of Privy Seal, to give him Authority, and to settle his Allowance or Reward: Upon which you have made a Report to us, bearing Date the 23d July last, certifying, that it was never intended by you that the Service at present performed by the said Mr. Pearfe should be created into an established Office, with a certain Salary; but that, for lb long as he should be found useful for that Service, he should be rewarded from Time to Time, according to his Merit; proposing, that such Allowance as should be thought fit to to be given him may be paid Half Yearly, according as he Lhall deserve; and that you conceive the Allowance of 12 d. per Pound may be a competent Recompence to him for the Service he hath already performed, which according to a Certificate of the Comptroller General of the Accounts (annexed to your said Report) amounting to 233/. 11$. 8 d.being for 4,671/. 13#. 10 which is the Sum certified to have been paid into His Majesty’s Exchequer for Fines and Forfeitures, in Six Months, ended in December 1686. — We approve of your laid Report, and do hereby pray and require you forthwith to give Order to the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs to pay to the said John Pearse, or his Assigns, the said Sum of 2331. 11 s. 8 d. in full for his Service about Seizures and Prosecutions in the Exchequer, for the said Six Months, ended in December 1686, as aforesaid: And this shall be, as well to you for so doing, as to the said Recr General for Payment, and also to the Auditor for allowing the same upon his Account, a sufficient Warrant. *

Godolphin,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, Dover,

the 4th August 1687. J. Ernie,

Ste. For.

To our very loving Friends, the Commissioners of His Majesty s Customs.

Custom House, London,

9th July 1785.

A true Copy.

IV. Stiles, Secretary.

N* 147-

An ACCOUNT of the Net Sums that have been received Annually by William Poyntz, Esquire, Inspector of Prosecutions, for Salary, Fees, or Poundage, from the 5th January 1750 to the 5th January 1785; distinguishing each Year; viz.

Nett Annual Sums received.

1750 £ 1,249 s. 9 d. 8

1751 1,332 5 10

1752 1,085 12 —

1753 " 1,203 12 11

1754 i»392 2 10

1755 i,49i — 9

1756 1,410 19 2

1757 " i,4«7 11 1

1758 - 1,445 1,607 10 8

1759 1 rt O

1760 1,632 — 2

1761 - 1,778 10 5

1762 1,868 6 2

1763 1,925 12 10

1764 - 1,872 18 2

1765

26 Geo. III. L s. d.

1765 2,197 17 10

1766 - 2,205 11 4

1767 - 2,757 12 7

1768 - 1,695 6 1

1769 2,438 12 6

1770 m 2,736 16 1

1771 - 2,776 9 1

-1772 - 2,866 — —

1773 - 3rt)6l 3 4

1774 - 3,267 13 5

1775 - 4,240 18 3

1776 - 4,319 13 10

1777 - 3,594 6 4

1778 - 5,821 8 6

1779 - 3,343 15 7

1780 - 2,834 1 8

1781 - 3.417 12 1

1782 - 1,546 — 7

1783 - 1,519 5 11

1784 - i,i99 11 7

270 Januarii.

i+5

Custom House, London, 14th May 1785.

J. Arden, Deputy Inspector.

N* 148.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The humble Memorial of William , In-

speftor of Prosecutions in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer,

Sheweth,

That his late Majesty King George the I Id. was pleated to grant, by his Royal Patent, dated June 20th, 1741, to the Right honourable Stephen Poyntz, in Consideration of his long and approved Services in high and confidential Employments, the Office of Inspector of the Prosecutions in his Court of Exchequer, and to continue the same to your Memorialist, which laid Patent His present Majesty was most graciously pleased to reuew and confirm on his Accession to the Crown, which your Memorialist must ever remember with the greatest Gratitude; that by the Terms of his Patent he is entitled " to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said Office and Place by himself, or sufficient Deputy or Deputies, with such Fees, Allowances, Profits, and Advantages to the said Place " belonging, in as full and ample a Manner as the " same were held and received by the said Stephen " Poyntz, or any former Inspector of Prosecutions did or might lawfully receive or enjoy in respect of that " Place."

The Emoluments derived to the Possessors of this Office, from its First Establishment, have been an Allowance of One Shilling in the Pound on the King’s Share of the Money paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer for prohibited and uncustomed Goods.

By an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign it is directed, " that " One Moiety of the Neat Produce arising by the Sale " of all Seizures (after the deducing the Charges *c of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole) shall " be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share thereofAnother Act (which is hereunto annexed) passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the above-recited Act, directs, " that instead of One Moiety of the Neat Produce arising " by the Sale of all Seizures (after deducting the " Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole) " being paid into the Exchequer, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share thereof, the Commissioners of His Vol. 41.

" Majesty’s Customs shall be authorized, where it Fourteenth " may be by them judged necessary, to order the " Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, Accounts. " an<T all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges " of Management, to be paid out of His Majesty’s " Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of all " Goods which have been, or may be, seized and " condemned, in like Manner as may now be done out " of any other Branch of the Revenue of the Customs, which is by Law applicable to the Payment " of Incidents." Your Memorialist begs Leave to observe, that this Act, fb materially affecting his Interests, was passed without any Notice having been given to himself or his Deputy; that, from the Title of the said Act, it was not to be foreseen that such Clause would have been inserted in it, and that consequently he had not an Opportunity of defending his Rights, or submitting his Cause to the Justice of Parliament at the Time of the Act’s passing.

The Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, by virtue of the discretionary Power conveyed to them by this Act, having judged it necessary to order all Manner of Law Bills, Purchase, Hire, Equipment of Cruizers in the Service of she Revenue, and various other Charges of Management, to a very considerable Amount (which were heretofore paid by Incidents) to be now defrayed out of the King’s Share of the Produce of Seizures, there has already been a great Decreaie of the Money paid into the Exchequer on this Account, and the King’s Share of the Produce of the Seizures may in Time be reduced to nothing, by being charged with a larger Proportion of the Expences of such Management: Your Memorialist therefore begs Leave to submit to your Lordships, that he has already fufJ fered a very great Diminution of his Income, in consequence of these Regulations (by which your Memorialist does not know that any greater Saving is made to the Public than the Poundage formerly received by the Inspector of Prosecutions) and has great Reason to apprehend that the Reduction will continually be increased, and that he may, in the End, be entirely deprived of his just Rights, conveyed to him by His Majesty’s Charter or Letters Patent.

Your Memorialist is ready to admit, that the Profits of his Place have been considerably greater than it ever was apprehended they would be at the Time it was granted; having, however, faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office, and conceiving his Title to the Profits of it to be sacred; having made all his Arrangements in the certain Hope and Expectation that he should have been permitted to enjoy these Profits in their full Extent for the Remainder of his Life, he cannot at this Period of it, and with a numerous Family, but severely feel so considerable and unexpected a Diminution of them; and thinks himself justified in submitting his same to your Lordships.

Your Memorialist, however, begs to be understood as not presuming to oppose the Interests of an Individual to any Regulations that may be thought beneficial to the Public, or in any Degree conducive to the better or more easy Management of the Revenue: He is far from wishing to obstruct any Regulation whatsoever# that may tend to such Improvement; and if the Commissioners of the Customs, upon a Reference of the Matter to them, to examine into and report the Fasts, should continue to be of the Opinion that it will be for the Benefit of the Public, that the Office of Inspector of Prosecutions should be abolished, your Memorialist is perfectly willing, with His Majesty’s gracious Permission, to surrender his Patent, trusting that your Lordships, in your Justice and Equity, will grant him such a Compensation as to your Lordships shall appear to be adequate and proper. He has subjoined an Account of the Produce of his Place for the last Twenty-five Years; begging Leave to observe, that the Receipt for the last Two Years has been consider-

P p ably

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

146 270 Jan . 1786.

ably affected by the Operation of the above-mentioned Act.

Your Memorialist,

William

Treasury Chambers, 19th Nov. 1785.

The foregoing is a true Copy.

George Rose.

said Sum of £.558. 10. 3f. to be placed to the incidental Expences of your Office: And for lo doing this shall be your Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 7th Day of September 1784.

W. Pitt, J. John Aubrey.

To our very loving Friends, the Comm" of His Majesty’sCustoms.

N* 149-

After our hearty Commendations.

Whereas His Majesty, by Letters Patent, dated 4th March 1761, did grant unto William Poyntz, Esquire, the Office and Place of Inspector of the Prosecutions in the Court of Exchequer, concerning un-customed and prohibited Goods, with all such Fees, Allowances, Profits, and Advantages, to the said Office and Place belonging, in as full and ample Manner as the same were had and received by him and his Predecessors in that Office: And whereas, by an Act passed in the 3d of His present Majesty, it is directed that One Moiety of the Neat Produce arising from the Sale of all Seizures (after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole) should be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share thereof: And whereas, by a subsequent Act, passed in the 21st Year of His Majesty’s Reign, it is therein directed, that instead of such Moiety being paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share, you the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs are thereby authorized, as often as you shall judge necessary, to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges of Management, to be paid out of His Majesty’s Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of all Goods which have been or may be seized and condemned, in like Manner as. may be done out of any other Branch of the Revenue of the Customs, which by Law is applicable to the Payment of Incidents; under the Authority of which Clause, a considerable Part of His Majesty’s said Moiety has been otherwise employed, by which Means the full Advantages, Profits, and Emoluments enjoyed by the said William Poyntz, and his Predecessors in the said Office, as granted to him by the said Letters Patent, have been already considerably diminished: And whereas, by such Clause aforesaid, the Fund applicable to the Incidents of His Majesty’s Customs has been greatly increased, and actually augmented, in Proportion to such Diminution of Profit or actual Lois as the said William Poyntz has thereby sustained; We, taking into our Consideration all the Circumstances attending the Cafe, and being desirous of afibrding some present Compensation to the said William Poyntz, until the Merits of his same shall been fully submitted to the Consideration of Parliament, do hereby authorize and require you to cause Payment to be made to the said William Poyntz, or to his Assigns, of the Sum of 558/. 104. Sid. without Account, which we have thought fit to allow him as a Compensation for the Loss he has already sustained in the Emoluments of his said Office in the Half Year ended at Midsummer last, in consequence of the said Act: and you are to cause the

Treasury Chambers,

19th Nov. 1785.

A true Copy from the Books of this Office,

George Rose.

Wm Poyntz, Esq; £. 558. 10. 3f, Compensation of Losses, Sgc.as Infp' of Prosecutions.

N* 150.

The Examination of Edward Taylor, Esquire;

Taken upon Oath, December 5th 1785.

This Examinant faith, that he is One of the Sworn Clerks in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, and Clerk of the Coast Bonds in the same Office; he has been in both tilde Offices upwards of Twenty-five Years.

Every Year Blank Parchment Booooks are sent by the King’s Remembrancer, under the Seal of the Court, with proper Superscriptions on each Book to the Customer, Controller, and Searcher, at the Out Ports in England and Wales, with their Members, according to the Lift transmitted by him to this Board, marked N* 1; and every Midsummer One Book to the Customer and Controller at each Out Port, according to the Lift N* 2; and Annually the like Books to several Officers in the Port of London, according to a List of those Officers transmitted to this Board, marked N° 3. These Books are issued by the King’s Remembrancer, in pursuance of Orders under the Great Seal, in the 7 th Year of Queen Elizabeth, enrolled in the same Office; those Orders direct these Books to be returned Annually, upon the Oath of the Officer. Ever since he has been to the Office the Returns of these Book into the Court of Exchequer have been very irregular; in some Years no Books have been returned from any Port; some of the Ports have made no Returns at all, that he knows of; none of the Ports have made Returns of all their Books, and few have been the Returns to any Year.

Those Books that are returned are deposited in One of the Record Rooms of the Court at j

and he never knew any Use made of them.

Edward Taylor.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roe.

N* 151.

16 Geo. III. 270 Jamafn. 147

N‘ 5>

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Port Books returned into the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, for Ten Years, ending the 31st of December 1784; distinguishing the Number returned in each Year, and from what Ports.

Fourteenth Report on Public Account*

London -Bolton Bristol -Yarmouth Hull

Gloucester Berwick -Bridgwater Exeter

Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year Year ending ending ending ending ending ending ending ending ending ending

31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec. 31st Dec.

*775- 1776. *777- 1778. *779- 1780. 1781. 178a. »7»3- 1784.

46 6 2 2 10 2 2

- 26

m " 24 20 20

41

6

15

40 11

tals - - - 72 30 2 124 - - 11 30 2 2

2

King’s Remembrancer’s Office, 19th Dec. 1785.

Total of the Ten Yean -

Edward Taylor,

Clerk of the Coast Bonds.

30

11

124

2

30

72

273

N* 152.

The RETURN of the Deputy to His Majesty’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer to the Order of the Commissioners of the Public Accounts, requiring an Account of the Salaries, Fees, and other Emoluments, paid to and received by the several Officers in the Office of King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, on Account of the Blank Parchment Books issued from that Office to the Officers of the Customs in the Ports of England and Wales, with the Total Expence incurred by the Public fix' those Books in the Year 1784.

The King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer has an Annual Allowance, by Warrant from die Treasury, on the Cashier of the Customs, for Parchment and other Necefiaries, for the Blank Books for die Costomers, Comptrollers, and Searchers, in all the Ports in England and Wales, and received the same for the Year 1784, amounting to And for Parchment and other Necessaries for the Blank Books for the Entries of the Surveyor General of the Customs in the Port of London ....

£ * d. 437 8 10

54 2 4

This was the whole Expence incurred by the Public, respecting those Books, in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, in the Year 1784; but there are certain Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, who are not in the Department of the King’s Remembrancer, but are appointed by the Hereditary Chief Usher; and it is their Business (inter aha) to deliver these Parchment Bodes to the proper Officers in the several Ports of England and Wales, and for this Service these Messengers have an Allowance at the Treasury.

H* King*, RanembniKer', Office. D R K

Vo 1. 41.

Fourteenth Report on Public Accounts.

148 2 70 Januarii, A. 1786.

N* 153-

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Allowances made to the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, for the Delivery of the Parchment Books to the Officers of the Customs in the Ports of England and for the Year

1784;

The Allowances made to the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, for the Delivery of the Parchment Books to the Officers of the Customs in the Ports of England and Wales, for the Year 1784, amount to the Sum of Two hundred and Sixty Pounds.

Exchequer, the 24th Day John Hughson.

of. December, 1785.

N* 154.

A STATE of the Debt due the 7th May, 1782, from Mr. Richard Price, Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures

transmitted from the Out Ports.

Dr.

To due from Mr. Price, the 28th June, 1777 -Paid by Mr. Price towards the Discharge thereof -

Debt proved

Cr.

By paid by the Sheriff of London from Chase Price's Effects -

By further Debts recovered -

By paid into the Excheq' by Mr. Needham, a Sum paid into his Hands by Mr. Price for his Comptroller

Remains unsatisfied

m' £ s. d. 20,042 4 7 7,659- 9 8

- -£ % r 12,382 14 11

s* d»

2,135 6 6

303 18 5

127 — 11

2,566 5 10

- £ 9,816 9 1

14th Feb. 1785.

Jvf Bastin, per Account

N° 155.

A STATE of the Debt due from Mr. Thomas Dering, late Receiver of fines and Forfeitures, transmitted

from the Out Ports.

Dr. £ s. d.

To due from Mr. Thomas Dering the 24th April, 1782 - - 7,456 2 11

V. By paid into the Excheq' <Spc. towards the Discharge of the aforesaid Debt " 3,357 8 3

By due to Mr. Dering, Salary from the 6th to 24th April 1782, inclusive 28 19 4£

3,386 7 7

Balance remaining due - - - - 4,069 15 3i

£ 7,456 2 lli

14th Feb. 1785-

Jn° Bastin, per Account1.

N* 1.56.

26 Geo. III.

x’f Januarii.

*49

N° 156.

Fourteenth

Report on Public Account*

An ACCOUNT of the Net Annual Produce of the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported from

England, for Ten Years, ending the 5th of January 1785.

1775 £. d. 66

1776 - - 195 12 6

*777 47 16 —

1778 - 57 7 6

*779 52 13 7

1780 49 7 —

1781 35 3 6

1782 36 9 7

1783 39 7 7

1784 - - 59 13 6

Custom House, London, 10th June 1785.

Jrf Tomkyns, Assist. Infp' Gen2.

V01. 41.

Qn

g

ia:

r*f

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

N* 157.

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities received, and of the Taxes paid, by Officers in Offices in the Three following Classes.

c

Class IM.

Offices where the Business transaded is useless.

Class IIn*.

Offices converted into Sinecures.

Class IIIrd.

Offices that should be consolidated or abolished.

o

EMPLOYMENTS.

Inspector of Prosecutions -....

Register of Seizures -

Inspector of Exchequer Books in the Out Ports -

Surveyor General -

Deputy Outwards -

lft Clerk -.....-

Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London -

Deputy Outwards to ditto -.

Clerk to ditto....

Register of Warrants ——

Supervisor of the Receiver General Receipts and Payments -Register Genera] of all Trading Ships belonging to Great! -

Britain ----- J Paid in Scotland

Inspector General of Imports and Exports -.

Controller Inwards and Outwards -

Collector Inwards, &c. - - - - .-

Collector Outwards ——

Ulher in the Long Room -

f Salary (Fees, &c.

Nineteen King's Waiters, each -Chief Patent Searcher Five Under Patent Searchers, each

Two Patent Search* at Gravesend, each j

52 — — \ Taxes \ 4/17 6 - /

78 17 4J 17 6

f Salary \ Fees, drc.

16----

593 2 *

Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for London -

- - - - Ditto - - - - for the Out Ports

Controller of Ditto - - - - for Ditto -

Surveyor of the Out Port Accounts....

Examiner of Out Port Collectors Quarter Books -

- - - - Ditto - - - Ditto -

- - - - Ditto - - - Ditto....

- - - - Ditto - - - Ditto -

Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs Outwards -Collector of Petty Customs Inwards -

Deputy to ditto - - .

ContT of Cloth and Petty Customs Inwards and Outwards

Deputy to ditto -....

Collr of the Great Customs on Wool and Leather exported -Deputy to ditto - -

Controller of ditto -

Deputy Controller of ditto -

Salaries and Allowances from the Crown.

£. t. d.

1.985 1 9i

499 15 —

300-----

520-----

320----

660----

C6go----

\ 50-----

780-----

375 -

736 13 4 276 13 4

988----

120----

60----

32 — —

283 4

600 — 335 10 366 16 140 — 140 — 140 — 140 —

5 ~ 62

6 8

10 — 200 —

50 — 30 —

Pees, Allowances, and Gratuities.

£. s. d.

L519 19 1° 240 6 6

46 5 T5 1,5*7 3 "3 147 14 6

33 9 6 228 19 3

1,348 13 4 1,995 10 11

1,855-----

619 7 — M9« 9 4 567 3 — 4,851 10 —

1,186 4 4

83 15 —

-------------1-

76 12 9 *33 10 4

41 18 —

18----

195 5 9

1*4 5 46 7 1

32 13 2

Payments for Taxes.

£. * d.

226 19 9 65 19 9 78 14 — 162 16 — 8-----

107 16 6

16 —

105 3 4

137 2 —

141 10 — 126 10 —

234 17 4

156 19 — 30 10 4

328 14 —

33 6-

250 — —

44----

20-----

85 2 —

76 5 3 87 10 3 21.8 — 16 18 — 16 18 — 7 10 4 12 2 6 18 7 8

55-----

17 i6 4

IO 15 ---

Salaries.

1. d.

3,624 16 9i

4,774 6

Taxes.

£. 1. d.

3,743 18 '6

666 6 —

13,921 17 11

1,588 12 —

2,502 18 — 10,902 1

85* 7 3 18,518 3 8

445 13 4

2,700 11 4

OO

Q\

270 Jattuaru.

Private Bills.

Supply.

Emmerich's

Nat

Shon Tax.

Ditto.

16 Geo. III. 27 Januarii. 151

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 3d Day of March next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition wa6 read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, granting to His Majesty certain Duties bn Shops within Great Britain, to be raised, levied, and paid, upon every House or other Building, then or thereafter to be erected, any Part of which should, for the Time being, be used as a Shop publickly kept open for carying on any Trade or for felling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize by Retail, and, upon every Building, or Place, used for a Shop only for the before-mentioned Purposes, a Yearly Duty, according to the several Rates in the said Act mentioned; and, by the said Act, the several Duties therein charged are required to be paid over and above all the subsisting Duties on Houses and Windows imposed by former Acts of Parliament; and that, although the City of London and County of Middlesex already pay more than One Seventh Part of the Land Tax of Great Britain, yet the Weight of this Tax will fall so peculiarly heavy upon the extended Metropolis, as to levy thereon near a Moiety of the w hole Sum thereby proposed to be raised upon the Kingdom at large; and the Petitioners submit that the said Tax is not only burthenfomt and oppressive in its Operation, but partial and consequently unjust in its Principle, as throwing a most heavy and disproportioned Burthen on one Part of the Kingdom, and selecting a particular Oafs of Men as the Objects thereof, w ho already contribute more than their full Proportion to all the Supplies of Government: And therefore relying on the Wisdom and Justice of the House, to repeal the said Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners most readily and chcarfolly contribute Voi. 41.

to the Exigencies of the State, whenever called upon in an equal and just Proportion with the rest of their Fellow Subjects; and that the Annual Pound Rate Tax upon Retail Shops, imposed by the late Act of the 25th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, operates in Effect eastly like foe House Tax, and all other Pound Rate Taxes; but, inaftnuch as it affects only the Retail Dealer, and must be paid out of his Profits, the Petitioners, not having it in their Power, consistent with the common Course of Trade, to charge any Thing in Ease of the Tax on Sale of their Goods, consider it as a personal Burthen imposed upon a few only, beyond the Taxes payable by them equally with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that such other Relief may be granted the Petitioners as to the House fttall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring American in a Bill, for confining, for a Time to be limited, the w"h Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, ouu ’

and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread,

Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of ,to

Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed: And that Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Jetikinson, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol at Debtors Reading, in and for the County of Berks, on behalf of et,t,on themselves, and all others confined for Debt, or Fugitives beyond Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Dover

Harbour.

Somersham

Heath

Inclosure,

152 270 januarii. 1786.

A Petition of the Warden and Assistants incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Alliltants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of Dover, from its Situation and Utility, hath long been accounted a Harbour of Importance, and thought worthy the Support and Assistance of the Legislaturc; and that, by an Act made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, a Duty of Three Pence per Ton was laid upon certain Ships and Vessels, for a Term therein mentioned, for the Repair of the said Harbour, and the Term and Powers by the said Act granted have, by several subsequent Acts, been continued, and a Moiety of the said Duty has been appropriated to the making a Harbour at Rye; and that the Income arising to the said Harbour of Dover, from the Estates and other Articles which constitute what is called the old Revenues, is by no means adequate to carrying on, and keeping in Repair, the several considerable Works and Improvements which have been lately made, and are now making, to the said Harbour, or to supporting the Harbour in its present State; and that the Term for which the said Duty was granted, will expire on the lft of May 1786, Old Style, and the Trustees for the said Harbour of Rye have lately obtained an Enlargement of the said Term, lo far as respects their Moiety of the said Duty: And therefore praying, That the said Duty, so far as it respects the Harbour of , may be further continued.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Somersham with the Soke, in the County of Huntingdon, and of the Right Reverend Father in God Richard Lord Bishop of Landaff, Rector of Somersham aforesaid, which includes the Towns of Fenton

and Colne, within the said Soke, and also of the Reverend John Jacob Oakes, Rector of Bluntisham with Eanth, also in the said Soke, and likewise of John Cole, Esquire, and several other Persons, being Owners of Common Right Houses within the Towns of Somersham, Pidley cum Fenton, Colne, Earith, and Bluntisham, within the Soke of Somersham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said County, a certain Tract of Open Land, called Somersham Heath, containing 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts, and, it is supposed, the greatest Part of the said Heath lies within the Soke of Somersham aforesaid, but the Metes and Bounds thereof not being precisely known, the same cannot be properly ascertained, so as to be divided and fenced off from the other Part of the said Heath, and thereby prevent frequent Trespasses; and that the Petitioners, and the several other Owners of Common Right Houses within the Towns aforesaid, are entitled to the foie and exclusive Right of Common upon such Part of the said Heath as lies within the said Soke, and it would be of great Advantage to them, if the extent and Boundary thereof were ascertained and fixed, and proper Fences erected and made for dividing and separating the same from the other Part of the said Heath, so as to prevent such Trespasses as aforesaid for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and fencing off such Part of the said Heath as lies within the Soke of Somersham aforesaid, from the other Part of the said Heath, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thflt Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That, whenever several Petitions; com- Election plaining of undue Elections and Returns, shall be re- Petitions, newed in this Session of Parliament, and shall be delivered in together at the Table, the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table, the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Honiton unto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parlia- Election, ment for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of-Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Honiton, Sir George Yonge, Baronet,

Sir George Collier, and John Baily, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Colder, by themselves and Agents, were guilty of grols Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising the Voters of the said Borough, Money, and other Rewards, for their Votes, and thereby corrupted and influenced the said Voters; that the said Sir George Colder, previous to the Election, deposited Money in the Hands of his Agents, for the purpose of Procuring Votes, and which was applied for that Purpose, by which Means he corrupted and influenced the Voters; and that the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Colder, and their Agents, after the Teste of the Writ, and before the Close of the Poll, treated the Voters with Meat and Drink, and thereby influenced their Voices; and, by the undue Influence, the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier had over the Returning Officer, many unqualified Persons were brought to vote, and whole Votes were actually received, notwithstanding Remonstrances to the contrary; and that, by such and other Means of undue Influence, the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier procured themselves to be returned Members for the said Borough, although the said Mr.

Baily had a Majority of legal Votes, in direct Opposition to the Rights of Election, and the Injury of the Petitioners Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying the House, to take the Prerniles into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall teem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, was read; Hchester Setting forth, That, by virtue of His Majesty’s Writ to Election, the Sheriff of Somerset directed, and his Precept founded thereon, for electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County aforesaid, in the room of Pei'egrine Cust, Esquire, lately deceased, an Election was had and holden, in the Town Hall of the said Borough, on Thursday, the 3d Day of February, in '

the Year of our Lord 1785, and, at such said Election,

John Harcourt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and Thomas Palmer, Apothecary (being Bailiff of the said Borough) was the Returning Officer presiding at the said Election, and at the Poll thereat demanded and taken; and that, previous to the said Election, and in Expectation of a Vacancy, great Numbers of Persons were secretly and fraudulently introduced into the said Borough by the said John Harcourt, or his Agents, for the Purpose of influencing the said Election, not having any legal Right to vote thereat, and, by the Partiality and Cor-R ruption

126 Geo. III. 27 Januariu 153

ruption and previous Contrivance of the said Thomas Palmer, the said Persons, so introduced, were received -on the Poll for the said John Harcourt, and by Means thereof, and also by Means of great Numbers of other Persons being admitted, by the said Thomas Palmer, to poll at the said Election, for the said John Harcourt, who had no. Right to vote thereat, a Majority of pretended Votes was procured, upon the said Poll, for the said John Harcourt, and he hath been returned to serve in Parliament, by the said Thomas Palmer, whereas the Petitioner had a legal Majority of Electors of the said Borough, who offered themselves, to the said Thomas Palme,r,to vote for the Petitioner, and he ought to have been accordingly returned a Burgess for the said Borough at such Election; and that the said Thomas Palmer, the Bailiff during the said Election, behaved himself with evident Marks of Partiality and Corruption in the Course of the said Election, in Favour of the said John Harcourt, as well by receiving Voters which he ought not to have admitted in Favour of the said Mr. Harcourt, as by rejecting others which he ought to have accepted in Favour of the Petitioner, as in several other Instances; and that the said John Harcourt, by Means of illegally treating the said Electors, by himself or his Agents, and by Bribery and other corrupt and undue Influence practised by himself or his Agents, caused many Persons to vote for the said John Harcourt, and to abstain from voting for the Petitioner, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; and by Means thereof, and of many other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Harcourt procured a Majority of pretended EleClors on the said Poll, and was thereby returned to Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the several Matters aforesaid into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioner such Relief therein, ns to the House thall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 16th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ikhefter ’ A Petition of Samuel Smith, Esquire, John Pearson,

EltfUon. - -Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge, Senior, George Harvey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ikhester, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of His Majesty’s Writ to the Sheriff of Somerset directed, and his Precept founded thereon, for electing a Burgefe to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ikhester, in the room of Peregrine Oust, Esquire, lately deceased, an Election was had and holden in the Town Hall of the said Borough, on Thursday the 3d Day of February, in the Year of our Lord 1785, and, at such said Election, George Johnstone, Esquire, and John Harcourt, Esquire, were Candidates, and Thomas Palmer, Apothecary (being Bailiff of the said Borough) was the Returning Officer pretiding at the said Election, and at the Poll thereat demanded and taken; and that, previous to the said Election, great Numbers of Persons, secretly and fraudulently intruding themselves into the said Borough, for the Purpose of influencing the said Election, not having any legal Right to vote thereat, and, by the Partiality and Corruption of the said Thomas Palmer, were received on the Poll for the said John Harcourt, in inanifeft Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, and by Means thereof, and also by Means of great Numbers of other Persons being admitted, by the said Thomas to poll at the said

Election for the said John Harcourt, who had no Right to vote, a Majority of pretended Voters was procured upon the said Poll by the said John Harcourt and his Agents, and he hath been returned by the said Thomas Palmer to the House, whereas the said George Johnstone had a legal Majority of Electors of the said Borough, who offered themselves to the said Thomas Palmer, to vote for the said George Johnstone, and he ought to \ oh.41.

have been accordingly returned a Burgess for the said Borough at such Election; and that the said Thomas Palmer, the Bailiff during the said Election, behaved himself with Partiality and Corruption, in the Course of the said Election, in Favour of the said John as well by receiving Voters which he ought not to have admitted in Favour of the said Mr. Harcourt, as by rejecting others, which he ought to have accepted, in Favour of the said George Johnstone, as in several other Instances; and that the said John Harcourt, by Means of illegal treating the said Electors, by himself or his Agents, and by Bribery and other corrupt and undue Influence, practised by himself or his Agents, caused many Persons to vote for him, and to abstain from voting for the said George Johnstone, who otherwise would have voted for him, and by Means thereof, and of many other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Harcourt procured a Majority of pretended Electors on the said Poll, and was thereby returned: And therefore praying the House to take the several Matters aforesaid into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-(ideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Seaford Thonuxs Alves, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That Election. an Election of Two Barons, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, came on there the 29th Day of March, last, at which Election the Petitioners, Sir Peter Parker,

Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, the Right Honourable Henry Flood, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners were elected by a Majority of legal Voters, but that Joseph -smith, Esquire, who acted as Bailiff and Returning Officer at the said Election, in taking the Poll, was guilty of the grossest Partiality and Injustice towards the Petitioners, by arbitrarily rejecting the legal Votes of several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners, and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson who had no legal Right to vote; and in many other re-(pects the said Joseph Gouldsmith was guilty of unwarrantable Practices, as w’ell previous to, as during, the said Election j and that several Persons who voted for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson had previously asked, received, and taken, Money and other Reward, and had agreed or contracted for Money,

Gift, and Reward, to give their Votes in the said Election, and had been guilty of other illegal and corrupt Practices, by Means whereof their Votes, so given, are, and ought to be declared to be, void; and that the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, by themselves or Come Person or Persons employed by them, or one of them, did, by Gift or Reward, and by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gift or Reward, corrupt and procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election, and, by the said and other undue Means, the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners (who were duly elected and ought to have been returned) in Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Town and Port, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

R r Ordered,

154 ^7 ° Januarii.A. 178

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 21st Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was also read;

Setting forth, That an Election of Two Barons, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of came on there

the 29th Day of March lall, at which Election Sir Godfrey fVebster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners, being entitled by Law, and by the Usage and Constitution of the said Town and Port, to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the fame, did, at the said Election tender their Votes on Behalf of the said Sir Godfrey Webster and Thomas Alves, but that Joseph Gouldsmith, Esquire, who acted as Bailiff and Returning Officer at the said Election, and who was manifestly in the Interest of, and voted for, the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, arbitrarily and unjustly rejected the Votes of several of the Petitioners, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson who bad no Right to vote in the said Election, and was guilty of various other unwarrantable Practices, as well previous to, as at, and in relation to, the said Election; and that the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, by themselves, or feme Person or Persons employed by them, or one of them, did, by Gift or Reward, or by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gift or Reward, corrupt or procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election; and, by the said and other undue Means, the said Sir Petes' Parker and Sir John Henderson obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and of the said Sir Godfrey Webster and Thomas Alves (who were duly elected and ought to have been returned) and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

A Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was also read; Setting forth, That on Tuesday the 29th Day of March lall, 1785, the Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port was held, and proceeded upon, by Joseph Gouldsmith, Esquire, the Acting Bailiff and Returning Officer of the Place, and, at the said Election, the Candidates were, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and that the said Joseph Gould-smith, in proceeding upon the said Election, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, and against the Interest of the Petitioners, by illegally receiving the Votes of Persons who had no Right to vote, and by rejecting the lawful Votes of others tendered on Behalf of the Petitioners, and, by so unjustly conducting the Election, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, as to give a colourable and fraudulent Majority on the Poll to all the other Candidates against them, in Consequence whereof, he has returned the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson as duly elected; and that a great Majority of Persons, duly qualified to vote, tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, by whom the Petitioners conceive themselves to have been duly elected, and ought to have been returned, although the said Acting Bailiff

arbitrarily and illegally refused to receive such Votes in their Favour; and that, at and before the said Election, various Acts of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, were committed by the said Sir Peter Parker, Sir John Henderson, Sir Godfrey Webster, and Thomas Alves,

Esquire, in order to procure themselves to be returned; and, on the said Election, many Persons were admitted who had no Right to vote, and many were rejected who had a Right to vote, and undue Influence and Corruption of various Kinds were practised, whereby the Petitioners were prevented from being returned, a3 they ought to have been: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Seaford Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hastings, James Wool- Election. gar, and John Woolgar on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Suffer, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, was likewise read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by Law, a Right to vote in the Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port; and that, on Tuesday the 29 th Day of March 1785, the Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, was held, and proceeded upon, by Joseph Gouldsmith, Esquire, the Acting Bailiff and Returning Officer of the Place, and, at the said Election, the Candidates were, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and that the said Joseph Gouldsmith, in proceeding upon the said Election, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henda'son, and against the Interest of the' said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, Esquires, by illegally receiving the Votes of Persons who had no Right to vote, and by rejecting the lawful Votes of the Petitioners'and others, tendered on Behalf of the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, and, by so unjustly conducting the Election, to the Prejudice of the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, as to give a colourable and fraudulent -Majority on the Poll to all the other Candidates, against them the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, in Consequence whereof he has returned the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson as duly elected; and that a great Majority of Persons, duly qualified to vote, tendered their Votes for the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, who, the Petitioners conceive, were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, although the said Acting Bailiff arbitrarily and illegally refused to receive such Votes in their Favour; and that, at and before the said Election; various Acts of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, were committed by Sir Peter Parker, Sir John Henderson, Sir Godfrey Webster, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, in order to procure themselves to be returned, and, the Petitioners, by these and other unwarrantable Acts, have been deprived of their Rights: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be. taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker dp issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Pampers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, One of the Naim Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scot- Election. land, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Donaldson, Writer to the Signet, William King, of New-mish. Major Alexander Donaldson, late of the Seventy-

sixth

*55

i6 Geo. III. 27° Janmrii.

sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert of Logie,

and John Rose, of Holm, Etquires, Freeholders of the County of Naim, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shife to serve in Parliament for the said County, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County of Naim, on the 22d Day of 1785, George

Campbell, Esquire, and Alexander Brodie, Esquire, offered themselves Candidates to represent the said County in Parliament; and that, at the said Election, Objections were made to the Right of Sir Ludovick Grant and Captain John Fraser to stand on the Roll of Freeholders, or to vote for a Commissioner to represent the said County in Parliament, in respect that they were both

denuded of the Freehold Estates in Right of which they " had been originally inrolled, the former by having granted

a Trust Disposition of his said Estate for Behoof of hi9 Creditors, on which the Trustees were infeft and in Possession, and the latter by a Decree of the Court of Sessioti, reducing and setting afide his Right and Title to his said Estate; and that, these Objections having been repelled by a Majority of the Freeholders, the said Sir Ludovick Grant and Captain Fraser were allowed to vote, and did give their Votes for the said Alexander Brodie, Esquire; and, the said Majority did also most illegally and improperly admit to the Roll Arthur Forbes, of Culloden, Esquire, notwithstanding that the Lands upon the Valuation of which he claimed are locally situated, and pay Land Tax, in other Counties; and the said Arthur Forbes, when so admitted to the Roll, was allowed to vote, and did give his Vote, not only in the preliminary Steps, but in the Election itself, for the said Alexander Brodie; and by these Means the said Alexander Brodie, Esquire, was returned, instead of the said George Campbell, Esquire, who had in his Favour the Votes of a Majority of the legal Electors present at the said Meeting; and further, the Return of the said Alexander Brodie was brought about by various illegal and unwarrantable Acts and Proceedings, and the Petitioners therefore think themselves much aggrieved, and apprehend -that the said Election and Return is an undue Election and Return, and they flatter themselves that the same will be deemed by the House null and void, and hope that the said George Campbell, Esquire, will be permitted to fit in the House as Knight of the Shire for the said County of Nairn, in the room of the said Alexander Brodie, Esquire: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 23d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acte, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 41.

Martis,31* die Januarii;

Anno 26° Georgii III. Regis, 1786.

Praters.

ANDREAS Emmerich took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given Chaplain to the Reverend Thomas Heathcote (who has officiated thanked, during the illness of the Reverend Mr- Williams, Chaplain tp this House) for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint minster.

A Petition of David Evans and John Burnett, of Coal Trade. Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have been passed, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the Cities of London and Westminster, which have given great Security to the Consumers thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the different Parishes in the County of Surrey, situated between Putney Bridge and Cuckold s Point, if Provision was made to prevent the like Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals within those Limits; and that the Petitioners are willing to promote and establish, at their own Expence, a Land Coal Meter’s Office, with proper AlTistants, within the Limits in the said County above described, upon having granted to them an Allowance upon all Coals fold in Manner aforesaid, to enable them to support the said Office, and a sufficient Number of labouring Meters, and other Persons, with proper Requisites and Materials: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those rurposes, under such Rules,

Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

'A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders of Shop Tax. the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tax laid in the last Session of Parliament on Retail Shops has been found, in the highest Degree, partial and opprefli ve, the whole Weight of it being borne by one distinct and particular Clals of Men, who before, from their Situation in Life, contributed more than their, due Proportion towards the Exigencies of the State; and that the said Tax, being assessed according to the Rent of the House, does not fall, even upon the Persons who are the Objects of it, with Equality, and in Proportion to the Property, Income, and Advantages in Trade, of each Individual, and the only Argument which has been adduced in Support of the Tax, " That it must ultimately fall upon the Consumer," is ill founded and erroneous, as it can be considered in no other Point of View than au additional House Tax on Retail Traders, and must be, as.all other Personal Taxes have been, paid by them alone; and that a Tax laid upon any specific Article of Trade forms Part of the Prime Coll of the Trader, and is paid by the Con-fumer when he purchases the Commodity, but a Tax

imposed

Shop Tax.

Ditto.

156 31° Januarii. A. 1785.

imposed personally on the Trader cannot afterwards be laid by him on the Goods he fells, and if it could, the Profit arising from thence to the Trader, let it be laid in whatever small Degree, would be exorbitant, and such Tax, on that Account, would become highly objectionable on the Part of the Public: And therefore the Petitioners hope, that their same will be taken into serious Consideration, and that the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great , may

be repealed, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, the Petitioners chearfully submitting to bear their due Proportion of such other Taxes as may be thought necessary to be raised in Lieu of the Tax complained of, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fiibscribed. Retail Shopkeepers in Sheffield, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Tax laid on any specific Article comes, in the first Instance, to the Trader, and forms Part of the Prime Cost of such Article, which the Consumer pays for when he purchases the fame; and the Shop Tax, being assessed according to the Rent of the House, is the fame, in Effect, with the House Tax, and all other Taxes collected by Pound Rate, which have not, in any Instance, been laid on the Consumer; and that the present Shop Tax cannot be considered in any other Point of View than an additional House Tax, the whole Burthen whereof is sustained only by the Retail Traders, and, the Petitioners therefore hope and trust (as the said Tax must be paid out of the Profits of their Trade, and as they are at present heavily burthened, and have at all Times readily contributed their Quota towards the Exigencies of the State) that the House will not consider them in such a State of Opulence as to be marked out the only Objects of a Tax to which no other Persons (not even the Merchants or Wholesale Dealers) are liable to contribute: And therefore praying the House to take their Cafes into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of Thirsk, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are truly sensible of the baneful Effects of the Tax imposed upon Retail Shops; that the same is a partial and Oppressive Tax, pregnant with the greatest Mischiefs, and in an eminent Degree dangerous to the Interests of every Species of Retail Traders, and that, had the said Tax been laid upon any specific Article, or more, which comes in the first Instance to the Trader, makes a Part of his Prime Cost, and is paid by the Consumer upon purchasing the Commodity, it would have been lese personal, and of course a more impartial and equal Tax, but, being assessed by the Rent of the House, it is precisely the same in Operation with the House Tax, and all other Taxes collected by the Pound Rate, which never has in any one Instance been laid on the Consumer, so that the said Tax can be considered in no other Point of View than as an additional House Tax, the heavy Burthen of which no Persons are called upon to sustain but the Retail Traders, as if an Annihilation of them had been thereby intended; and, as the said Tax must be paid out of the small Profits of the Retail Traders, the Petitioners hope and trust, that the House, when they consider how readily the Retail'Traders have at all Times contributed their Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, and how heavily they are at present burthened with various other Taxes, will certainly not think them in such a State of Opulence as to mark them out the Objects of a Tax to which no Men of

independent Fortune, nor even a Merchant or Wholesale Trader, contributes a Farthing: And therefore praying, That the said Obnoxious Tax may be repealed, and that another, more equal and impartial, may be substituted in its Stead.

A Petition of the Retail Dealers of the Town of Shop Tax. Liverpool, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced that the Exigencies of the State must be provided for, and are ready, at all Times, with the utmost Alacrity, to bear their Proportion of the common Burthen, according to their Abilities; and that the Petitioners have seen, with Regret, that the increased Taxation of this Country, has been chiefly levelled at Trade, but they are more particularly alarmed and aggrieved by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, for by that oppressive Tax (while the Petitioners are contributing chearfully in common with their Fellow Subjects to the usual public Burthens) they find themselves selected from the common Mass of the Community, as Objects of a most unjust and enormous Tax, to which the extensive Manufacturer, the wholesale Warehouseman, the opulent Merchant, and People of Fortune of every Description, do not contribute a tingle Shilling; and that the Idea of the Tax in Question ultimately falling upon the Public, appears to the Petitioners futile and illusive, it being a known Fast, that there are, in every Town in the Kingdom, Men of bad Principles and desperate Fortunes (besides Itinerants) who, regardless of paying their Credit, undersell the fair Trader, and to these any Advance on the established Price of Goods would be an Advantage, and accelerate the Ruin of the honest Dealer; and that the Bulk of the Petitioners are obliged, from the Nature of their Employments, to crowd into public Situations, where the Rents are excessive, and their Habitations confined, inconvenient, and unhealthy, their Stocks in Trade chiefly upon Credit to pay at a certain Date, and mostly fold upon Credit, the Payment uncertain, and subject to innumerable Disappointments and Misfortunes, their Attention divided by humouring the public Taste, for a precarious Subsistence, by Provision for the stated Returns of Rent and Taxation, and the periodical Arrival of their untaxed wholesale Tradesmen; and that the Petitioners rely upon the Wisdom of Parliament, for a repeal of the said partial, oppressive, and impolitic Tax; partial, because laid upon a particular Description of People already over-burthened; oppressive, because Numbers must inevitably fink under its Weight; and impolitic, because it has an evident Tendency to crowd our Poor Houses, swell the Lists of Bankruptcies, and increase the Number of miserable Debtors, already too numerous in every Gaol throughout Great Britain:

And therefore the Petitioners hope, that the Premises may be considered, and such Relief granted as the House think belt.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of Ditto. Bath, was likewise presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, fully convinced that all Taxes which have a direct Tendency to of-prels any particular Class of His Majesty’s Subjects, are equally repugnant to the Wisdom of Parliament, and the Spirit of the Constitution, think it incumbent on them to represent the distressing Nature of the Tax on Retail Shops; a Tax partial in itself, and more partially ruinous in its Consequences than any which they conceive to exist in the Statutes of this Country; the notorious Increase of Retail Dealers, beyond all Proportion with the Increase of Trade, their general high Rents, and the consequent Weight of former Taxes (as well Parochial as Parliamentary) regulated by such Rents, had before rendered their Subsistence sufficiently difficult; they therefore presume that such a Class of

Subjects

Wats Cross Roads.

West India Trade.

a6 GE6. HI. . 31°. Januarii. - . \ 157

Subjects should have been considered as the lead able to bear a new Tax lo exclusively and inequitably levied upon them; and the Petitioners conceive that the Argument used in Parliament, " that the Burthen laid immediately on the Shopkeeper would ultimately fall on the " Confunier," is totally erroneous, for, although the Merchant, Manufacturer, and Wholesale Dealer, who are exempted from the said Tax, might, on account of their smaller Number and Facility of Intercourse, precisely fix a distinct additional Charge on the Articles of Consumption, and thereby cause the Burthen to fall equally on the Public, the Retail Shopkeepers, being a numerous Body of inferior Competitors, must, from the very Nature of a Retail Trade, find it impossible to calculate a proportionate Advance, l’o as to balance an Annual Tax on their Shops, without adopting a Line of Conduct totally incompatible with the Object of the fair Trader; that Tax must therefore be a positive Deduction from the l'mall Annual Profits of feme, while it serves to hasten the Ruin of many industrious People; a small Retail Shop, with the rigid Expedient of letting out the other Parts of the House, has heretofore been found an Alylum foisvhe Poor and Industrious, whole Share of this unequal Law must rife in Proportion to the Rent of the House, a Criterion extremely fallacious to determine the Ability of the Occupier; they are therefore by this Tax reduced to Alarm and Defpon-dency; for the Truth of which they confidently appeal to the Observation and Senlibility of every considerate and well-informed Perl'on, and submit their same to the House, fully confiding in its Justice to redress. the Grievance of which they complain, and in its Wisdom to suggest a Substitute equally productive, without the Odium of Partiality: And therefore earnestly imploring the Repeal of the Tax on Retail Shops.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Co, and from Penshurst Tmcn to Southborough, in the County of Kent, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Roads, be enlarged, and feme further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House the Quarterly Accounts, transmitted by the Naval Officers, of Vessels entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the Islands of Jamaica, Barbadoes, Grenada, Dominica, Saint Vincent, and The Leeward Islands, from the lft of October 1784 to the lft of October 1785.

Vol. 41.

The House being informed that Mr. from American

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Trade with he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Newfound-House, pursuant to their Order, lan<*"

An Account of the Number of Vessels which have cleared out from the several Ports of Great Britain, formfeed with Licences to import Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, from any Place or Country belonging to the United States of America, into any Port, Harbour, or Place, in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands, to His Majesty belonging, pursuant to the Provisions of the Act of the last Session of Parliament,

Chapter ifi.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Oddington thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed Inclosure-and Commonable Land, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish contains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Master and Mr. Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to American Order, a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, ^rad* Wl*£ the Trade between die Ports of the United States of j °un America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but Bri/wA-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it, was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Amyleiu.

S f Navy, mates, &c.

Navy and Army Estimatesy Ac.

Address for

Estimate*,

Ac.

Cromford Bridge Road.

158 31° Januarii — ttt Februatii. 1786.

Navy, for the Year 1786, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1786, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Laud Forces, for the Year 1786, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1786, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1786, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1786, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day o 1785, and the

10th Day of October 1785, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as allb of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1785 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1785.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give DirefiUons to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, iii the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Edmund Evans being examined, laid, That for performing the Trusts of the said Act several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the

06

Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, and that there now remains due, for Principal and Interest of the Monies so borrowed, the Sum of 5,000l. or thereabouts; and the Witness added, That the Tolls authorized so be taken by the said Act are inlullicient to pay the Interest of the Money now due, and to keep the Road in proper Repair; and that it will be necessary to alter or take away lbme of the Exemptions from Toll allowed by the said Act.

That the said Road cannot he kept in proper Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof in some Respects altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Crtmiford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley , in the said County: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be give?! so bring in a Bill for Militia, amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Marsham, Mr.

Pye, and Mr. Mitford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1° die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees appointed Crewkerne by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Road#* Fiftii Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" several Roads leading to and from in the County of Somerset," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Rolle, &c.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town Plymouth of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, under their Poor* Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of Queen Atme, the Petitioners were incorporated and impowered to erect a Workhouse, and to set the Poor on Work and maintain them there;

and.

26 Ge6. Ill tb Februarit. i$g

and, by a subsequent Act, passed id the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said former Act, further Powers were granted to the Petitioners, to raise and levy on the Inhabitants of the said Town any Sum not exceeding 1,000l. in any One Year, to be applied to the Purposes before mentioned; and that, since the passing the last mentioned Act, the said Sum of l,oooo/. hath been usually and for the most Part assessed and rated pursuant to and under the Directions of the said Act, but the said Yearly Sum, or so much thereof as hath or could be raised under the Powers and Directions of the said Act, together with the Annual Income of the Real and Personal Estates entrusted with and vested in the Petitioners, have been greatly deficient to answer the Purposes for which the same were intended; and that, since the passing the last mentioned Act, the Poor within the said Town are considerably increased, and maintained at a much greater Expence than formerly, by Means whereof the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow and take up at Interest, and on Annuities, the Sum of 2,150/. which hath been expended for the necessary Uses and Purposes of the said Act; and that the necessary Expences for maintaining the Poor under the said Act, from Lady Day 1784 to Lady Day 1785, exceeded the Monies received by the Petitioners during that Period upwards of 320/. and the Expences of maintaining and providing for the said Poor frill increasing, the said Corporation, notwithstanding their great Care and most frugal and prudent Management, under the said Act, mult inevitably go to Decay, unless ferae further Provision be made to enable them to discharge their present Debts, and to employ and maintain the Poor under their Care agreeable to the Intentions of the said former Act; and that, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, after reciting, " That it frequently happens that Poor Children, Pregnant Women, or Poor Persons afflicted with Sick- ness, or feme bodily Infirmity, are enticed, taken, or " conveyed by Parish Officers, or other Persons, from " one Parish or Place to another, without any legal " Order of Removal, in order to ease the One Parish " or Place, and to burthen the other with such Poor " Persons," itisenacted, " That, when any Guardian, 4‘ or other Person or Persons, (hid I lb entice, take, " convey, or remove, or procure to be so enticed, " taken, conveyed, or removed, any such Poor Person " or Persons, from one Parish or Place to another, " which shall adopt the Provisions of that Act, without an Order of Removal from Two Justices of the " Peace for that Purpose, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum " not exceeding 20/. nor less than 5/. to be recovered as in the said Act is directed and the Petitioners, having been incorporated long before the passing the last mentioned Act, could not adopt the Provisions thereof, and are therefore not able to punish Overseers, or other Persons, offending in that Respect, without incurring a considerable Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering them to affels and levy any Sum or Sums of Money, not. exceeding 1,500l. in any one Year, for the purposes aforesaid, and to make the Penalty on any Person or Persons conveying or removing, or causing or procuring to be conveyed or removed, any Poor Children, Pregnant Women, or Poor Persons afflicted with Sickness, or feme bodily Infirmity, without any legal Order of Removal, into the Town or Borough of Plymouth, or any other Parish or Place, the Poor of which may be under the Petitioners Care, similar to the aforesaid Penalty on Persons offending against the last mentioned Act, and that such further Relief Vo l. 41.

may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain , Captain

Machride, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Liverpool to whom the Petition of the Reverend Henry Heathcote, Road-of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, Clerk, Henry Assheton, of Latkom, in the said County, Esquire,

Atherton, of Walton aforesaid, Esquire, Joseph Jackson, of West Derby, in the said County* Esquire, John Parr,

of Liverpool, in the said County, Esquire, William Hill, of La thorn, aforesaid, Esquire, and Robert Moss, of

Kirkdale, in the said CouDty, Esquire, Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament made and ailed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of " Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the " Town of Preston, in the same County Palatine," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Trustees not having determined to apply to Parliament till the time required by the said Standing Orders for giving the usual Notices of the intended Application to Parliament had expired; but it appeared that Notices of the Application to Parliament had been given in the Liverpool General Advertiser on the 24th of November, and on the lft and 8th of December last, and upon the Doors of the Two Session Houses for the said County, at Preston and Wigan, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Taylor being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money; and that the Sum of 8,350/. is now’ due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, and the same cannot be repaid, and the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and feme of the Tolls thereby granted encreased — That feme further Powers are necessary, to enable the Trustees to carry the Purposes of the Act into Execution; particularly to have a Power to erect Gates at certain Places at a linall Dil-tance from the Side s of the said Roads, in order to prevent evading the Tolls.

And the Witness further said, That the Meetings of the Trustees have not, in all Cases, been regularly held and adjourned, or their Proceedings signed, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; and on account thereof Doubts have arisen, w hether the subsequent Proceedings of the Trustees, and the Securities granted for the Money due and owing as aforesaid, are valid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Shop Tax*

Ditto.

t6o

lb Februarii. 17 &6.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers resident in the vTown of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, well knotting that the Exigencies of the State must and ought to be provided for, are ever ready most cheerfully to contribute their Proportions, with the Public at large, towards such Provision, but canfiot help feeling themselves greatly affected by an Act, passed last Session, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties oft Shops within Great Britain; and that the Petitioners, from the Nature of their Employments, are anxious to procure Houses and Shops in the most public Situations, consequently their Rents are heavy, and the House and other Taxes proportionably great and burthensome upon them; and, they submit to the House, that the Tax on Shops is partial and oppreffive, because no other Persons but the Retail Shopkeepers are called upon to bear any Part thereof, and because it is impossible that they can, in any Instanee whatever, with Justice, charge the same upon the Commodities which they fell in the Course of Trade, and such Tax, being assessed according to the Rents of Houses, must inevitably be considered as an additional House Tax Upon them, the Burthen of which will be felt by no other Description of People; and that, as the Petitioners are already heavily burthened with other Taxes, to which they have most willingly contributed their Proportion, and as the Shop Tax must be wholly paid out of the Profits accruing to the Retail Traders, the Petitioners trufr, with Confidence, that the House will not consider such Traders as Objects of a Tax to which no others, of whatever State or Degree, will at all contribute: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that they may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Shopkeepers and other Inhabitants of the Tow n and County of Southampton, who are aftefted by the Operation of the present Shop Tax, and whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was also pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Generality of the Petitioners are under the Necessity of occupying large Houses, at heavy Rents, for the Purpose of carrying on their Trades; from which Circumstance, and the severe Pressure of the new Shop Tax, they are compelled to, contribute to the Public Revenue in a greater Proportion, and in a more Extraordinary Manner, than the rest of their Fellow Citizens; and that the Accumulation of the excessive high Duties which aftefted the Petitioners during the Continuance, and since the Conclufton, of the late War, in respect of their Houses and Household Offices, and the various Articles necessarily expended therein, together with the frequent Losses occasioned by the Multitude of Debts unavoidably contrafted in the Course of every Retail Trade, have produced such Effects as have unfortunately tended to the Distress ’of feme of the Petitioners, and to the Impoverishment of others; and, they conceive, that if railing the Amount of the Shop Tax upon the Consumer was a practicable Measure, it would be inconsistent with the Maxims of found Policy, and be productive of very injurious Consequences to the Public, as the Price of almost -every Necefl'ary of Life fold in a Retail Way would be increased thereby; and that, by the Industry of the Retail Shopkeepers, in the quick Disposal of their Goods, and the Application exerted by them in the Search and Discovery of new Channels for Consumption, the Commerce and Manufactories of this Kingdom are constantly encouraged and supported, and Navigation, so essential to its Welfare, promoted and assisted: In this Point of View the Petitioners flatter themselves, they will appear to the Legislature as very useful Members of the Community, and entitled to the same Privileges and Indulgences as

any other of His Majesty’s Subjects; and, when the Petitioners reflect, that, besides suffering the Grievances before stated, many of them pay a heavy Duty to the Crown for a Licence barely to exercise their Trades, and that they are called to new Hardships by the late Acts of Parliament transferring certain Taxes, which were under the Management of the Commissioners of the Ex-cife and Stamp Office, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax, whereby the Petitioners are subjected to the Execution of Offices of the most disagreeable Nature, filled only by Excisemen before that Period, and when they also reflect, that Five Eighth Parts of the Services created by those Officers are actually discharged by Retail Shopkeepers, and Persons comprized under that Description, to the great loss of their Time, and the Disquietude of themselves, their Friends and Neighbours, they trust their Situation with respect to the above-mentioned Tax, which is felt by the Petitioners as a double House Tax in its full Extent, will receive from the Legislature every Assistance and Alleviation that can possibly be afforded to it: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant them such Relief as shall appear most effectual to redress the Grievances before let forth.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Rum Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into North imPorted* America from The British West India Islands, for Six Years previous to the Year 1774; distinguishing each Year, and also the Provinces which now constitute the American States, from those which remain under the British Government; and also distinguishing the Provinces ceded to Spain by the late Treaty of Peace.

Ordered, That there be laid. before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into England from the British West India Islands, for Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Island from whence the same was imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into North Britain from The British West India Islands, for Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Island from whence the same was imported.

The House being informed that Mr. Provisions

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at imported at

the

A Bill for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich, was read a Emmerich’s Second Time. ^at*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dempster, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the American Trade betw een the Ports of the United States of America wl’h and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Neztjound- 0Un ' land, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but -Br/risA-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated, according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

i6 Geo. III. i* — a0 Februarii.

161

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, imported into the several Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, between the 10th of October 1784 and the 10th of Octoba' 1785; distinguishing the said Ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Exchequer Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

BlUs* Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-five."

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-five."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Amount of the Duties on Carriages and Carriages, Male Servants, respectively, paid into the Exchequer &e' by the Commissioners of Excise, for Three Years ending Midsummer 1785; distinguishing each Duty and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Amount of the Duties upon Waggons,

Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, paid into the Exchequer while the same were under the Management of the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; distinguishing each Year, from the Commencement of the Duty, and specifying how much was paid in between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dudes on Account of the Amount of the Duties on Carriages and Carriages, Male Servants paid into the Exchequer, by the Com- c‘ millioners of Excise, between the 5th of 1785

and the 5th of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Customs Account of all Sums which were due to His Majesty from E. I. from the East India Company for Customs, previous to ComPan3r’ the 5th of January 1785, and which were paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer between that Day and the 5th of January 1786.

Ditto.

Duties on Houses.

Ditto.

Duties on Horses, &c.

Produce of Taxes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-five."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums assessed upon Inhabited Houses, as far as the same can be made up in complete Periods; distinguishing each Period, and each Assessment; by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for " granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also several Duties on Inhabited " Houses."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums assessed and charged in Great Britain for Horses; for Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; for Waggons, Wains, and other such Carriages; for Male and Female Servants* and for Shops, by virtue of Two several Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as the same can be made up; specifying the Period of each Assessment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums anting from Taxes imposed in the Year 1785, which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer previous to the 5th Day of January 1786* distinguishing the Produce of each Tax.

Vol. 41.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Land Tax Account of the Net Money paid into the Exchequer on and Malt the Land Tax and Malt Duties, for Ten Years, ending Dutie*-Christmas 1775.

Ordered, That there be laid- before this House, an Public Debu. Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1786, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges payable thereon.

The Earl of Courtaum reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Address. graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint thb House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Joins, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*41 Regis, 1786.

Praters.

A PETITION of John Henry Christopherson christophei-was presented to the House, and read; Praying font Nat that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for hb Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And

*Tt that

Shop Tax.

Chefoorth

Inclosure.

Moor Monk ton inclosure.

16a Februarii. A. 1786.

that Mr. Phetiffs am} Mr. Ca do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act was passed, im poling a Tax on all Retail Shopkeepers in Aid of the Public Exigencies of the State, and, as Individuals, the Petitioners consider the said Tax as partial and oppressive, and consequently repugnant to that Justice to which, as Subjects in a free Country, they claim an undoubted Right; that our Ancestors, guided by the Wisdom and Spirit of our Laws, the true Palladium of our Liberties, have hitherto guarded us from Oppression, and, the Petitioners conceive, that no Tax ought to be imposed by the Legislature which is not founded in Justice, and shall not, in its Operation, be as equitab'e as the Nature of Circumstances will admit; and that the Advocates for the said Tax will recollect, that it operates precisely with the House and all other Taxes collected by Pound Rate, and the Petitioners believe it hath never been the Custom of any Tradesman in this Kingdom to lay an Advance on the Article he fells in Consequence of tiich an Impost; and that the Petitioners need not point out how far the Retail Traders have lately been subjected to more than a proportionable Share of* the Public Burthens, and are clearly and decidedly of Opinion, that the said Tax is, in its EiFefts, highly partial and oppressive, and therefore trull the House will grant them such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, within the

Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampsons, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Tythings, certain Fields and Common Meadows, and a Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing, by Estimation, 163 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person s Right therein, and inclosed,. it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested in the said Fields, and Common Meadows: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring ia a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Heneage do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Turner Slingsby, Baronet, Robert Edward Lord Petre, and the Reverend William Woodhouse, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor and Township of Moor Monition, in the County of the City of York, a Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called Moor Monkton Common, containing about 600 Acres, and also divers Common Arable Fields, called The West Field, The Church Field, and The Wood Field, containing together about 390 Acres, and likewise Two Parcels of Common Meadow Land, called The lugs and The Holmes, containing together about 70 Acres, and One Parcel of intermixed Pasture Land, called East and West Sand Riggs, containing about 20 Acres; and that the said Sir Thomas Turner Slingsby is Lord of the said Manor, and seised in Fee of the Soil

8

of the said Common and Waste Ground, and is also Owner of the most considerable Part of the inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Township; and, the said William Woodhouse is the present Aeftor of the Parish Church of Moor Monkton aforesaid, and is also entitled to the Rectory House, and a Cottage thereto adjoining, and to divers Parcels of Glebe, containing in the Whole about 20 Acres, which lie in Thirty-eight different Plots, very much dispersed, and intermixed with the Property of the said Sir Thomas Turner Slingsby;and that the said Robert Edward

Lord Petre is entitled to a Right of Common of Pasture in and upon the said Common and Waste Ground, in respect of all his Messuages and Cottages within the adjoining Township of in the County of the City aforesaid, at all Times of the

Year; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public in general, and to the said Sir Thomas Turner Slingsby, Robert Edward Lord Petre, and William Woodhouse, in particular, if the said Common, Common Fields, and other intermixed Property, were inclosed and divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to their respective Rights and Inte-relts therein, and if Compensation was made for the Tythes, Modules, or ancient Compositions in lieu

thereof, in respect of the said Common, and of all

other the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments within the Township of Moor Monkton aforesaid, and if the intermixed Property of the Proprietors were exchanged for mutual Convenience: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and improving the said Common and other Open Grounds, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombeand Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Worksop into Execution an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Road-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of " Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Darnall,

'* to the North-Ealt End of Attin the County " of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road " from Bawtry to Sheffield," and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing, widening, and supporting the said Road, and other the Purposes in the said Act; and that, on Account of the unavoidable Expences attending the Execution of the said Act, the original Debt, amounting, to 5,000l. so far from being le£ fened, has been increased, by the Creditors Twice contenting to making their Interest Principal, though they require no more than Four per Cent, and there i$ now upwards of Five Years Interest due upon the said Road; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Road continued to be kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

Emmerich’s

Nat

Crewkerne

Roads.

a6 Geo. III.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dun-

combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Andrew Emmerich was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dkefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- pair, several Roads leading to and from Crmkerne, " in the County of Somerset,'' was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Joseph Cornish Taylor being examined, (hid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which (till remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unlefe the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the 5th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset: Aud that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

*63

Mr. Secretary at War presented ti the House pursuant to their Add rest to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1786.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to tho House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Lend Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commiflkry General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments of Foot, serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and The West Indies, for 365 Days^ from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followed)viz.

a* Febmar

Vol. 41.

4

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, GarrUbns, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great , and ,from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786,

D

cq’

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Light

o

o

o

00

rT

Foot

Guards.

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Pay of Charge of Clothing Annual Allowances

Commissioned 1, of to Captains,

CORPS. Numbers. Non-com mi (Turned N on-commissioned Agency. Paymasters, Surgeons,

Officers, Officers and

and Private Men. and Private Men. Riding Matters.

£ d. £. s. d. d. y

First Troop of Horse Guards - - - - l8l ——

Second D*

First Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards

1 Second D*

[Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 319 - - 4. - -

1,034

rFirft Regiment of Dragoon Guards - 336 - - 15,291 15 3 1,632 16 ioi 33418 3 558

Second £)*---- - - - 225 - - 10,486-15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Third D* - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2 i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons - - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372 — —

Lieutenant General Johnstone's - - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2 i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Lord Southampton's - - - 226 - - 10,523 5 21 1,094 18 — } 226 5 - -1 T 372

General Carpenter's - - - 225 - - 10.486 15 2 { 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Lieutenant General Johnstone's - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

f Sir Henry Clinton's - - 225 - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

1 Lieutenant General Pitt's - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

General Gage's ... - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2-i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Sir George Augustus Eliott's - — 225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

Major General Harcourt's - - - 225 - - 10,486 15 2i 1,088 11 3 22517 5 372

3,037

f First Regiment of Foot Guards -

Coldstream D* - *» - ' 1,058 - - m m - - - - > - -

[ Third Regiment of D°

3,765 1

TOTAL.

C

17.605

17.605 10,870 10,743 26,054

s.

3

3

18

3

18

d.

4

4

4

4

4

17,817

12.173

12.173

12.173

12.173

12,216

12.173

12.173

12.173

12.173

12.173

12.173

12.173

10

3

3

3

3

8

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

4*

104

ioi

ioI

10*

3

ioi

ioi

ioi

ioi

ioi

10±

ioi

46,153 2 —

29,931 17 10 29.986 12 10

s.

82,879 6 8

o

*1

5"

2:

163,939

Vi

106,071 12 8 00

ON

ESTIMATE

Foot

" Lieutenant General Prescott's -General Armstrong's Major General Picton's -Lieutenant General -

Major General O’Hara's -Sir fVtlliam Howe's -Earl Cornwallis's -

Lieutenant General Fletcher's -J Sir Robert Pigot's Sir Robert Boyd’s -. Sir Robert Hamilton’s General Cory’s - -

Lieutenant General Rainsford’s -Lieutenant General Grant’s Lieutenant General Wilsh’s Major General Leslie’s Lieutenant General Pomeroys '*Earl oi Suffolk's - -

Invalids

f Major General MeNab’s Regiment -t Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids

Garrison, with Fire and Candle -For Recruiting His Majesty’s Forces for 1786, upon Account -Contingencies, upon Account -

d

c Total

War Office,

2d February 1786.

415 . 7,33* *4 10 *,*34 7 150 1 8 446 _ — 9,061 18 1

415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 *49 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 . 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7 -

4*5 . 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,95.8 3 7-

4*5 . - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,228 18 7 *,*34 7 *49 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 7 149 3 5 446 — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 . 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,228 18 7 *,»34 7 149 3 5 446 — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 *,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,228 18 7 i,i34 7 149 3 5 446 ‘ — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 — 8,958 3 7

4*5 7,470 7,228 18 7 1,134 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7 161,350 *9 —

410 7,688 5 4 588 11 3 196 15 5 720 — — 9,i93 12 —

1,620 2,030 27,077 8 9 2,299 10 — 757 7 2,880 33,oi4 5 9 42,207 17 9

302 t 782 4 3 m 29,773 *9 1 30,556 3 4 40,000 — 20,000 — — *

- 17,638 306,158 12 7 38,785 12 71 6,685 17 — 16,650 — 1 - 647,005 — 8

Geo. Yonge.

Qs

Cn

P3>

r

26 Geo. IIL a0 Febfuariu

wy

ij

18

o\

0\

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at , from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786,

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

— Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons. T 0 i P A L.

£ s. d. c d. .£ s. £. s. </. S. d. £. s. d.

Lieut. General Style's Regiment of Foot - 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,953 3 7

Lieut. General Cunyngham’s - 415 - - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

General Grame’s ---- 415 - - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Try oris ---- 415 - - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

General Par slates ----- 415 - - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8.958 3 7

Lieut. General Clarke’s ---- 415 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

Lord Frederick Cavendish’s - 415 . - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

Sir John Dalling’s ---- 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7 .

Lord Jo/w Murray's, lft Battalion - 415 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — »,958 3 7

Lieut. General Eiphinstone’s - 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Frederick's - 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — * 8,958 3 7

Major General CampbelTs - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - - - 831 - - - 14*697 14 2 2,268 3 1 300 9 5 892 — — 18,158 6 8

Earl of Harrington’s Regiment - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

6,226 134,614 13 3

Garrisons of Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, Halifax,

New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John’s and Pla-

centia in Newfoundland, and St. John’s liland 6,194 6 2

Officers of Garrisone in Jamaica, Barbadoes, Grenada,

St. Vincent’s and Diminica - 2,54i 5 3

Officers serving with the Forces in Canada and Nova

Scotia - - 7,312 12 3

Officers of Hospitals serving in North America and the West Indies - ----- k 3,969 7 6

2* Febfuarii. A. 1786.

ESTIMATE

GIBRALTAR.

o-

F.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, 2d Battalion Lieut General Jones's Regiment Major General Smith’s -Sir John Sebright’s

Lord George Lennox's -Earl of Ross's -

Sir Thomas Wilson's Sir David Lindsay’s

4i5

415

4i5

415

415

415

415

4i5

3,320

6,989 — 8

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

7.228 18 7

1,134 1 7

1,134 1 7

1,134 I 7

1,134 1 7

1,134 I 7

1,134 1 7

1,134 1 7

1,134 7

147 — 10

149 3 5

149 3 5

149 3 5

149 3 5

149 3 5

149 3 5

149 3 5

446----

446-----

446----

446-----

446-----

446----

446 — — 446----

8,716 3 1

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

8.958 3 7

GK

o

w

o

71,423 8 2

Officers of die Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. Contingencies, upon Account -

Total

166,265

6 6

26,083 16

4

3,430 18

3,604 13 4 4,500-----

234,160 511

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1786-

Genera] and General Staff Officers

For 365 Days.

I- 6,409 8 —

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Geo. Yonge*.

a*

5 3

r

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Dght Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in India, for the Year 1786.

ON

00

CORPS.

Light

Dragoons.

Sir John Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th

December 1785 to 24th December 1786, being 365 Days

''"Major General St. John's Regiment of Foot -Lord John Murray's Regiment, 2d Battalion -

Foot.

General Trapaud's Regiment Lord McLeo<fs -Major General James Murray's

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

N. B. Deficiency on the Charge of Lord John Murray's 2d Batt", for 1785 -

Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-com mi flioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Riding Master. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

- __ - 407 10,342 8 8* 2,251 10 nj 227 12 4 427 16 — 13,249 8 —

1,222 16,845 18 11 3,3i8 7 4 CO 1 <N OO CS 843 5 — 21,289 11 6

918 - 12,770 15 9 2,507 3 4 239 12 11 761 2 6 16,278 14 6

1,220 - 16,809 8 11 3,303 9 2 281 11 i$ 843 5 — 21,237 14 3

1,297 - 17,802 11 2$ 3.504 2 3 292 3 — 861 10 — 22,460 6 5

1,296 5,953 17,425 n 71 3,504 2 3 288 16 1 861 10 — 22,079 19 114.

91,996 15 i* 18,388 15 3* 1,611 15 8i 4,598 8 6 u6,595 14 8

6,360

- - 5,760 13 6 1,113 6 — 107 14 5 . 356 17 6 7,338 11 5

o

o

(Q

n‘

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

Memorandum. — By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East " Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in The East Indies only; and, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present, for this Purpose, the Sum of Eight thousand Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Eight Shillings' Seven Pence and One Farthing, which it will be necessary to vote on Account for the above Estimate.

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Geo. Y

Februarii. 1786.

*6 Geo. III.

2° Februarii

' 16p

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forced; Army to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; to Estimate*, the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1786.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. -Fees at the Exchequer -Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, ftc. -Commissary of the Musters, D*

Judge Advocate General, D*

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, D°

Total for Offices Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, upon Account -

Total - -

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

C s.

17.753 15 4

12,020 11 —

9,977 3 5

3,203 1 11

2,289 5 9

4,470

_ 49,713 17 5

- 9,606 16 —

£ 59,320 13 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1786.

Number. Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pensions. Charge. Total.

£ 1* d. & S. d.

28 Widows of Colonels - - each 5° 1,400

28 Lieutenant Colonels 40 1,120

24 - Majors - - - 30 720

170 Captains - 26 4,420

209 ... Lieutenants - 20 4,180

157 - - - Ensigns, &c. &c. &c. 16 2,512

1 Physician - - - - 30 30

617 14,382

The Amount of 12 in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the

Pensions above stated ---- 719 2 —

Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - - - ... 100 — —

Total of the Charge for Widows Pensions, 1786 - - 15,201 2 —

From which deduct,

Voted on the Estimate for Guards and Garrisons 2,984 19 6

D*, for Marine Corps - - - - 806 15 —

3,79i 14 6

Remains to be provided - - - £, 11,409 7 6

N. B. In die 157 above mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, and of the Solicitors to the Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Eusign’s Widow.

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 41.

X x

Estimatt

Army

EstimatM.

170

3° Fekmprii.

A. 178

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1786.

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

7 1 12,680 4 2

19 4 5,597 13 4

16 7i 4,523 15 6

a* _ 22,801 13 —

202 7 6 /l A A A n

23^04 — 0

265 ii 11j

257 — 71

" 257 — 71

7 1 342 14 2

19 4 239 —

- 1,362 5 4l

" 12 1 91

1,374 7 2

1 1 1 1 1 1 24,378- 7 u

Officers En Second of 41 Battalions of Foot

74 Captains 70 Lieutenants 72 Ensigns

216

Total of Pay for 216 Officers Agency on D*

Supernumerary Officers.

Dragoons - - 1 Captain - -

Foot - - - 1 Major and Captain -

{1 Major and Captain -2 Captains - each

3 lieutenants - each

Total of Pay for Supernumerary Officers -

Agency on D* -

War Office,

2d February 1786.

Total

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Differepce between the Charge of th and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments

of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and the West Indies, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive.

Numbers. Charge of Pay, &c. Difference.

for 365 Days.

Sir WiUlam Boothby's Regiment of Foot, Pay of Commission, £. s. d. £. Si d.

Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men - 415 7,857 4 6f

Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men - 1,134 1 7

Agency — 154 14 Ilf

Allowances to Captains, Surgeons, and Paymaster - — 446

9,59* 1 1

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - — 8,532 7 3

Difference to be made good — - 1,0591310

Sir Robert Murray Keith's, the same - 415 1,059131°

Sir John WrottesUy's the same - - - ' 415 1,0591310

Lieutenant General Gobbetfs the same - 415 - - 1,0 <;q 13 10

Lieutenant General Maxwells, the same - 415 - - - 1,059131°

General Lamb tons, the same - - - - 415 - 1,0591310

2,490 £ 6,358 3 —

9

2d February 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

9,6 Geo. III. 2* — 3'

Ordered, That the feud Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

American rfhe Order of the Day being read, for the House to re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed;

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Vessels which have cleared out from the several Ports of Great Britain, fornished with Licences to import Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, from any Place or Country belonging to the United States of,

into any Poit, Harbour, or Place, in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to His Majesty belonging pursuant to the Provisions of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter iff, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, imported into the several Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, between the 10th of October 1784 and the 10th of October 1785, distinguishing the said Ports, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tewkesbury Sir William Codrington reported from the Commit-

Paring. tee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of , in

the County of Gloucester, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs and several of* the Burgesses and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, w ere severally referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folluwethviz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. William Blackjkume being examined, laid, That the Borough of Tewkesbury is a considerable Market Town, apd a great Thoroughfare — That the several Sheets, lanes. Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, apd the Precincts thereof, are very irregularly and inefficiently paved, much annoyed by Nuisances and Incroachments, and not properly cleansed or lighted; and that there is no regular Establishment of a Nightly Vo r.. 41.

Februarii. 171

Watch — That Part of a certain Street within the said Town, called Church Street, is very narrow and incommodious — That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Precincts, and to all Persons resorting to or peffing through the same, if the fetid Streets and other Places were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted* watched, and regulated, the narrow Part of C/tw'ch Street sufficiently widened, the Carts and other Carriages- used within the said Town and Precincts put under proper Regulations, and the Rates of Carriage ascertained.

Mr. William Handy, Mr. George Meadows, and Mr. John Sweet, being feveeally examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for Removal of present, and Prevention of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town: And that -Sir William Codrington, Mr Martin, and Sir Charles do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, S* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Praters.

A PETIT ION of Cornelius Salvidge, alias Savage, SalvidgeV now called Cornelius Tutton, was presented to Nam«. the House, and read; Setting forth, That Samuel Tutton, late of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset, Esquire,

by his last Will and Teftement in Writing, duly executed and attested, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, gave and devised unto James Hughes, of the City of Bristol, Gentleman, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, divers Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premisses, situate at Bleadon aforesaid, upon Trust, for James Salvidge alias Savage, of Lytton, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioner’s late Father, for the Term of his natural Life, and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the first Son of the Body of the said James Salvidge, alias Savage, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such first Son, lawfully issuing, with divers Remainders over; in which said Will is contained a Proviso, that the said James Salvidge, alias Savage, should take upon him, and constantly

use, the Surname of Tutton; and, the better to confirm and establish the fame, to petition for and solicit, and endeavour to obtain, an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and in case he the said James , alias

Savage, or any other Person or Persons which shall be entitled to the same Premisses by virtue of the Limitation in the said Will, should refuse or wilfully neglect to take on him or them respectively the Surname of , and in all Deeds, Letters, and Writings, subscribe and own themselves by the Surname of Tutton, then and in such same the Estate limited for the Benefit of such of them as should so refuse, should cease and determine, and the said Estate and Premisses should remain to the Use of such other Person or Persons to whom the fame

are

172 3 0 rebruarii.A. 1786*

are and is next limited, such Person in like Manner taking upon him and uiing the Surname of Tutton, in Manner before mentioned: And that the said Samuel Tutton died in the Month of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, leaving the said James alias

Savage, the Petitioner’s Father, who had the said Estate and PremilTes for his Life; and that the said James Salvidge, alias Savage, died in the Month of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, leaving the Petitioner, his eldest Son; and upon his Death the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premisses, by virtue of the Limitation in the said Will, defeended to and vetted in the Petitioner, who, in Compliance with the Condition and Direction in the said Will, has taken upon himself the Surname of Tutton, and is willing and desirous that the said Surname should be established and confirmed in and upon him, and the Heirs of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Tutton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Emmerich's An ingross'ed Bill for naturalizing Andreas

Nat* rich, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Christopher- Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to

son’s Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Henry Christopher-son: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shop<Tax. A Petition of the Retail Dealers of the Town of Preston, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully convinced the Exigency of the State mutt be provided for, and are ready at all Times, with the utmost Alacrity, to bear their Proportion of the common Burthen according to their Abilities, but feel themselves particularly alarmed and aggrieved by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, for by that oppressive Tax (while the Petitioners are contributing chearfully, in common with their Fellow Subjects, to the usual Public Burthens) they find themselves selected from the common Mass of the Community, as ObjeCis of a most unjust and enormous Tax, to which the extensive Manufacturer, the Wholesale Warehouseman, the opulent Merchant, and People of Fortune of every Description, do not contribute a Angle Shilling; and that the Idea of the Tax in Question ultimately falling upon the Public, appears to the Petitioners vague and iliulive; and, they trust, it mult appear in the same Light to every candid Mind: That the Petitioners speak from Experience, but those who are Advocates for the Tax speak luperficially, and are Strangers to the Difficulties that the Retail Shopkeeper is exposed to; they consider not the Necessity he is under to fell his various Articles at as low a Rate as others in the same Line of Business, his very Subsistence depends upon this; they do not know, that the least Attempt to raise the Price of his Goods would drive his Cuf-tomers from his Shop: In every Branch of Business there are some whose Circumstances and Situations are better than others; those with such Advantages on their Side might take the Opportunity of keeping

their Goods at the same Price, till such Time as they saw those less opulent Traders reduced, distressed, and perhaps ruined for ever: And therefore relying upon the Wisdom of Parliament for a Repeal of the said partial and oppressive Tax.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Dunflabl* thereunto subscribed, Trustees of the Turnpike Road Roac1, leading from the The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Three Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of King George the First, the Tenth Year of King George the Second, and the Third Year of His present Majesty, certain Tolls and Powers are given to the Petitioners, for the Purpose of repairing and widening the said Road; and that the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of such Tolls, which is still due; and although the Whole of the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly laid out, according to the Directions of the said Acts, yet some Parts of the said Roads still require widening, making, and repairing, and the same cannot be effectually completed, nor the Money due be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are continued, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament; in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Grimston, Mr. Plume}', &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Cromford Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an BridSe Road* Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford,

in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, Coal Trade, to whom the Petition of David Evans and John Burnett, of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Stone being examined, laid, That he has been Principal Clerk in the Coal Meters Office for Westminster near 22 Years — That he is very certain, from the Experience he has had, that the Regulations provided by the different Acts of Parliament for establishing and regulating the Coal Meters Offices for London and Westminster, and the Parts adjacent, have been the Means of detecting and preventing numberless Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, to the great Advantage of the Con-fuiners.

That

26 Geo. III. 30 Februarii 17-3

That various Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in the several Parishes of the County of Surrey, situate on the South Side of the River Thames, between the Parish of Putney inclusive, and Cuckold's Point, in the said County, have been frequently committed, to the great Injury of the Con-fumers thereof, several of which have been detested' by a Re-measurement, during the Course of the lad Year; one of which was of Coals delivered in Norfolk Street, for 39 Sacks, which really measured only 34, and another of which was a Quantity sent into Grosvenor Square, for 75 Sacks, and which really measured only 65!.

That he apprehends it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the different Parishes aforesaid, and to the Consumers of Coals, and be a Means to detest and prevent the Frauds and Abuses which now exill in the Admeasurement of Coals therein, if proper Regulations and Orders were to be established by Law for the Admeasurement of Coals within the District aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measur, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Joseph

Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr.- Hughson, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills , made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, fur the " Service of the Year 1785:" And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1785 And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Exchequer Bilb, for the Service " of the Year 1785."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1785."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of

One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1786.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bilb, for the Service of the Year 1785."

The Exchequer Bilb made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of

One Million.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1786.

John Hughson.

Yy

To

Wart ham, fee. Roads*

Adjourn*

meat.

American Trade with Newfoundland.

174 3* — 6® Februarii. A. 17 85.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1785."

The Exchequer Mis made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of

One Million.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1786.

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, " and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from " the Market Crols, in the Town of and

" in Purbeck, in the County of ," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid otf, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bond, Mr. Morton &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and fumished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of Atnerica, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, g

to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and fumished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 26® Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Pkayers.

HNHenry Christopherson took the Oaths ap-J pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Fowey Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Grant, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed that some of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they East India were called in; and; at die Bar, presented to the Good®* House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of Prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helene and Private Trade Ware-houses in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1785: And also,

N° 2. An Account of Prohibited East India Goods

imported

6* Februaru.

26 Geo. III.

imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785; also what exported during that Time and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1785: And

also,

N° 3. An Account of Prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouses in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1784, what have since been brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1785: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1784, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1785: And also,

N° 5. An Account of Prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, B Lane, and the Cuf-

tom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1784, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 178^: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, in the Year 1785.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels which have cleared out from the several Ports in Scotland, furnished with Licences to import Bread, Flour, or Live Stock, from any Place or Country belonging to the United Slates of America, into any Port, Harbour, hr Place, in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands, to His Majesty belonging, pursuant to the Provisions of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament

Mr. Alcock also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1784 to the 10th of October 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from Vol. 41.

175

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into North America from the British West India Islands, for Six Years previous to the late War; distinguishing those Provinces which now constitute the American States, from the remaining British Colonies, and also distinguishing the Provinces ceded to Spain by the late Treaty of Peace: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into England from the British West India Islands, for Ten Years; viz. from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Islands from whence the same was imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Bodmio Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Roads. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and ethers, residing in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and of several Creditors under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read}

Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, for which Purpose the Sum of £.5,000 hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, of which £. 150 only have been repaid, and there is a considerable Arrear of Interest due; and that by reason of the Smallness of the Tolls, and of several improper and unusual Exemptions, and other Defects in the said Act, and by the many Evasions of the Payment of Tolls, through several Lanes and Avenues within and near to the said Borough, which cannot be prevented under the present Act, it will be impossible to pay up the Interest of the Money borrowed, and keep the Roads in any tolerable Repair, without the farther Aid of Parliament;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to prevent the said Evasions of the Payment of the Tolls, in such Manner as shall be thought . fit and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Minchin, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers in the Town of Shop Tax Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present' Majesty, a Tax was imposed upon all Retail Shops within Great Britain (except as therein mentioned) to be paid by the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, by a Pound Rate, according to the Rent of their Dwelling Houses; and that, owing to the Nature of Retail Trade, such Dwelling Houses and Shops are necessarily situated in the most public Situations, consequendy the Rents are considerably higher, in Proportion to their Size and Conveniencies, than those of others who are wholly exempt from the said Tax, and of Course the Retail Traders already contribute to the House Tax in a greater Degree than any other of His Majesty’s Subjects, and, the Petitioners conceive

Shop Tax.

176 6° Februarii: . 1786.

that the Shop Tax can be considered in no other Point of View than an additional IJoufe Tax, the Burthen of which no Persons are called upon to sustain but the Retail Traders, and mult therefore be deemed partial, and particularly oppressive upon the Petitioners, many of whom, are already charged with Payments for Annual Licences to carry on their several Trades; and that a Tax laid' upon any specific Article comes, in the first Instance, to the Trader, forms a Part of his Prime Cost, and the Conlumer pays it when he purchases the Commodity, but this partial and oppressive Tax being assessed according to the Rent of the House, is precisely the same in Operation with the House Tax, and all other Taxes collected by Pound Rate, which never has, in any one Instance, been laid on the Consumer; and that, as the Tax must be paid out of the Profits of the Retail Trader, the Petitioners hope and trust, the House, when it is considered how readily the Retail Traders have at all Times contributed their Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, and how heavily they are at present burthened, will not consider them in that State of Opulence as to be marked out the Objects of a Tax, to which no Men of independent Fortune, nor even a Merchant, Manufacturer, or Wholesale Trader, will contribute in the smallest Degree: And therefore praying, That the Act for granting a Duty on Retail Shops may be repealed.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the County of Middlesex, adjacent to the City of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, alarmed at the Burthens with which they are threatened by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, are desirous of throwing themselves upon the Justice of the House, to deprecate the impending Mischiefs, and beg leave to impress upon the House, that the said Tax was justified on the Ground of its falling upon the Consumer, but the Petitioners, from the most candid Consideration, are fully authorized to declare, that neither the House Tax, nor any other Tax collected by the Pound Rate, ever has been, nor that this Tax never can be, laid on the Consumer; and, therefore being compelled to pay this Tax out of their Profits, beg the House to take into their Consideration the very great Hardships the Retail Traders have already to encounter; they are under the Necessity of seeking public Situations to carry on their Trade, where they arc obliged to pay enormous Rents, and though this is a Grievance of no ftnall Magnitude, yet *it is considerably increased by the High 'Faxes they have to pay upon those Rents; and the Petitioners request also to observe, that though they pay out of their Proportion to all Taxes heretofore calculated upon the Rent, yet they had the Satisfaction to feel they were not singled out, but that every Person bore some Part of the Burthen; and that the Petitioners feel themselves deeply concerned by this Tax, which cannot be considered in any other Light than a new House Tax, the Severity whereof Retail Traders are alone called upon to sustain, and beg Leave further to ltate, that there are many Persons keeping Retail Shops, by which they maintain Families with Decency and Credit, yet their Expences are so extremely heavy, it becomes necessary for the Parish Officers to excule them their Rates, but the Collectors of Parliamentary Taxes being actuated by different Motives from the Collectors of Parochial, will insist on being paid, therefore, should the Shop Tax be enforced, many industrious People will probably be ruined, and their Families become chargeable to the Parish; and that the Petitioners are at all Times ready to contribute their Proportion, when the Exigencies of the State require it, but they hope and trust the House will fee great Occasion to commife-

rate their present Burthens, and will take the same of the Retail Traders into Consideration, and grant them Redrels, by repealing an Act which threatens so much Oppression upon an industrious and useful Part of the Community, who strive hard to maintain their Families with Credit and Reputation.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Bo- shop Tax. rough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Retail Shopkeepers are a necessary and industrious Class of People, promoting the several Manufactures of this Kingdom, and, by residing chiefly in Market Towns, and occupying Houses of large Rents, contribute more largely towards the Public Taxes than others of a like or even of superior Fortunes, and, by giving long Credit, they are more particularly liable to great Losses in Trade; and that from the General Decline of almost every Manufacture, and the Want of Employment for the lower Class of People, the Trade of many Retailers, very much dependent on that Clals, is so reduced as scarcely to afford, and in too many Instances do not afford, a competent Maintenance for their Families, and many Retailers have lately had Licences imposed on them, some paying for Three or Four Licences each, which, being of the Nature of a Personal Tax, must rest solely upon them.

Under these, and sundry other Disadvantages, the Petitioners feel themselves particularly aggrieved by a new Tax laid on them in the last Session of Parliament, whereby Retail Shopkeepers are selected, in a Angular and peculiar Manner, from the Community at large, as separate Objects of Taxation, w’hich could not arise, as the Petitioners conceive, from any Intention in the House of oppressing them, but from a Notion that the Tax would be eventually diffused and borne among their Customers; were that the Cafe, the Petitioners would be Gainers by the Tax, because a small Advance on their Goods would more than reimburse them; but they are convinced that this Notion is founded in Mistake, and ample Experience has shewn that no Personal Tax whatever (and the Shop Tax is of that Sort) has been found to affect any but those on w hom it has been laid. Sensible of the Necessity of Taxes, the Petitioners shall always most chearfully contribute, in Proportion to their Circumstances, but when more is required of them, they conceive it a Duty owing to themselves, to represent their Grievances to the Guardians of their Rights and Property as they now without the least intention of Fraud or Partiality, praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House may appear to be effectual and necessary.

A Petition of the Retail Dealers, Inhabitants of the Ditto. City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners are dif-pol’ed chearfully to sustain their equal Share of the common Burthen, and to contribute their Proportion to the Maintenance of that Government by which they are protected, and they feel this Disposition the more ardently from the Know ledge that they have the Happiness to live under a Constitution, one of the original and declared Principles of which is, That no one Description of Citizens shall be taxed oppressively; and that, notwithstanding this explicit and glorious Maxim, the Petitioners have the Misfortune to find that, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, a very heavy, partial, and oppressive Burthen is laid exclusively upon the Retail Dealers of Great Britain, which, from its Inequality, they consider as a Grievance injurious to their known Rights as Englishmen, and which, in its Operation, must ultimately tend to the Ruin of Numbers, and more particularly of the Shopkeepers of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and that the Petitioners are

Shop Tax.

16 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 177

are obliged, for the better carrying on their Trades, to live in Houses which, from their Situation in public Streets and Thoroughfares, are very high-rented, and they are thereby subjected, in several Ways, without this additional Tax, to contribute more than their just Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, and, for the same Reason, a Pound Kate on the Rent of the House cannot truly be considered as the Test and Criterion of their Ability to discharge the Tax imposed upon them by the said Act; and that the Argument in Favour of the Tax, namely, that it will fall ultimately on the Consumer, by an Advance in the Price of the Articles in which the Shopkeepers deal, is fallacious, the Stratagem being not only impracticable, but would open a Door to Fraud, and is therefore tptally unworthy the Countenance of the fair Trader; and that several Hundreds of the Shopkeepers in the City and Liberty of Westminster are in Circumstances so low as to be rendered utterly incapable of discharging both the Public and Parochial Taxes, and many of that Description are relieved from Payment of the Parish Rates, to the manifest Increase of the same upon the Petitioners and others; and that this additional heavy Duty must and will add to the Number of such Persons, many Families who now are barely able to procure a Livelihood by keeping a Retail Shop will be ruined, and the Retail Traders in general throughout the said City and Liberty will be burthened not only beyond their Proportion, but beyond their Ability: And therefore praying the House to take the said Act into Consideration; to hear the Petitioners, if necessary, by themselves or Council, at the Bar, and, if the said Act shall be found productive of the Consequences above Hated, to relieve the Petitioners from the partial, oppreffive, and ruinous Burthen, by a Repeal of the lame.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, looking up to the House for Protection and Support, are delirous of imploring their Attention to the Hardships they must inevitably fulfer, from an Act that passed in the last Selliou of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great,

and beg Leave to represent. That Houses in public Situations, where Retail Traders are compelled to relide, let extravagantly high, and the Petitioners are therefore not only very heavily burthened by the Rents they are constrained to pay, but allb by all Taxes collected by Pound Rate; and that the Petitioners request they may be permitted to correct a Mistake obtaining too generally, that the Opulence of the Trader is to be calculated by the Quantity of Rent he pays; for though that Reasoning may apply to Merchants and Wholel'ale Traders, whole Residence is not confined to Situation, it never can to the Petitioners, because Retail Traders have no Option, but, being obliged to relide in public Streets, must consent to give enormous Rents for their Houses, before they can embark in Business; and that the Petitioners, notwithstanding the y have always paid more than their Proportion to all ! axes calculated by the Rent, yet have consoled themselves, that every Perl'on contributed something; but to the Tax upon Retail Shops, which the Petitioners can consider in no other Light than a new House Tax, no Persons are called upon to contribute except Retail Traders; and, the Petitioners vvilh to recall to the Recollection of the House, that the said Tax was defended upon the Ground of its falling upon the Consumer, but they aver, that the Tax upon Retail Shops can no more be laid upon the Consumer than the House Tax, which they never knew attempted; and that the Petitioners, being obliged to pay the said Impost out of their Profits, consider it as a moll oppressive Measure, and, when the House is informed, that many industrious Shopkeepers with large Yol. 41.

Families are excused the Parish Rates for prudential Motives, they will not consider the Retail Trader in such a State of Opulence as to be marked out for partial Taxation: And therefore the Petitioners hope, when the House takes into Consideration these several Premises, and reflects how heavily the Retail Traders are already burthened, they will, with their accustomed Liberality and Justice, repeal the said Act.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, notwithstanding the Taxes which the Petitioners are at present liable to are numerous and burthensome, they have always, and ever will, cheerfully submit to contribute their due Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, but when Taxes are imposed which operate partially, and are particularly burthen-Ibme upon the Petitioners, they trust the House will take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief as the justness of their same deserves; and that the Act which passed last Session, imposing a Tax upon Retail Shops, is partial, and lays very heavy upon the Petitioners, who, from the Nature of their Business, are under the Necessity of having Shops in public Situations, where Rents are exorbitantly high, and Taxes in proportion, and as the Tax of which the Petitioners complain is not a Tax upon any specific Article, but can only be considered as an additional House Tax, they cannot, under any Pretence, advance the Prices of any Article in which they deal, consequently the Weight of this great and heavy Burthen uiuft be paid by the Petitioners out of their own Industry, which they consider a great Hardship, as many of them, from the great Rents they are obliged to pay, and the heavy Taxes they are already burthened with, find it a difficult Matter to support themselves and Families, whilst the opulent Merchant and Wholesale Dealer, whose Business is more extensive, and also Men of independent Fortune, are entirely exempt from the said Tax: And therefore praying the House to take the Hardships of the Petitioners same into Consideration, and that the Act of Parliament, which passed last Session, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Shops within Great may be

repealed, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the Justness of their same merits, and to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are at all Times ready to contribute with Cheerfulness to the Exigencies of the State, according to their several Situations and Capacities, and, looking up to the House as the Guardians and Protestors of the Rights of the People, are desirous of imploring their Attention to the Hardships which they are likely to suffer from an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, and are fully confident, when the House is in Possession of the real Circumstances of the Retail Shopkeepers, they will fee more Occasion to alleviate their present Burthens, than be disposed to consider them as Objects of partial Taxation; and that the Petitioners call to the liecol-lection of the House, that the only Ground upon which the Tax has been hitherto attempted to be justified, is, that it will fall upon the Confimier, and it has been also as freely admitted, that, if it does not, it will be a most partial Impost indeed: The Petitioners, from the most minute Enquiry and dispafiionate Investigation, are fully warranted to declare, that the 'lax upon Retail Shops is of such a Nature as puts it beyond the Power of the Shopkeeper to lay it. upon the Consumer, and they request the House will take into

Z z Consideration

Shop Tax.

Ditto.

Bray

Jndosure.

WtlLeacIi, Ac. Hoads.

178 6° Februarii. A. 1786.

ConGderation the Difficulties with which the Retail - Traders have already to struggle and combat; the Taxes collected in the several Wards in the City of upon an Average Calculation, exceed Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound, and, from the Nature of their Trade, they are compelled to seek Houses in public Streets, to fit up their Shops in an expensive Manner, and to employ a greater Number of Servants- than Traders in a Wholesale Line, whose Emoluments are much more considerable, and, from the Competition which is always a Concomitant of Retail Trade, are also under the Necessity of riving enormous Rents for their Houses; and that the Retail Trader already contributes more than other Dealers to the Revenue of the State, by his large Consumption of Candles, Paper, and other Taxed Commodities, and as the House in which he is compelled to carry on his Trade lets for double the Annual Rent of those in private Situations, of course the Retail Trader pays very much beyond his Proportion to all Taxes collected by a Pound Rate; and that the Petitioners have a firm Reliance, that the Representatives of the People will never suffer any Part of their Constituents to be borne down by unequal Taxation, and therefore they leave their same with the House, trusting in its Liberality and Justice for a Repeal of the said Tax, which they must consider as not only oppressive in its Principle, but they have too much Reai'on to fear, will prove ruinous in its Consequences to the inferior Order of Retail Shopkeepers; and, the Petitioners also request Leave to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of the several Allegations of their Petitions.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands situated in the Common Fields called Helds Hare Shoots, Linch Windmill and

Bradley Bottom, and in a Common Meadow and Pasture, called Dun Mead, in the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the respective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadow, lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pye and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the " Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next " beach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the

" Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign

" of The Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk " and from Walsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) " to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lords Bridge, " in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of " Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County " of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's " Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in

" South Lyrm, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the " laid County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid " to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County;" and of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due cannot be paid off and discharged, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and feme Alterations and Amendments made therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Drake, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by Birflall, &«, virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 5th Year Road* of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstall to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was prefended to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Parts of the said Road have been repaired, and other Parts thereof diverted, by the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose, with Money borrowed at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be taken by the said Act, and such New Roads have like-wife been made, but all the said Road still continues to require frequent Repairs; and that several convenient Alterations may be made by diverting, and altering or widening several Parts of the said Road for the greater Ease and Convenience of Travellers, and several other Repairs and Amendments are yet necessary for the Improvement of the said Road, but the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are near expiring: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and making such other Provision as shall be found necessary for supporting and carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to C.-ewkeme Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the 5th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County And foe same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Salvidge’* Order, a Bill to enable Cornelius Salvidge, alias Savage, Name-now called Cornelius Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the

Will

26 Geo. III. 6° Februarii* 179

Will of Samuel Tutton, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the Fil'd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be^read a Second Time.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Troftees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of u Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of set," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, is it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bartlett, Junior, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which frill remains due; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Crols, in the Town of ham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. Bond and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare,1 and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing aDd inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " railing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1785;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " railing a further Sum, of Money by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year 1785;",be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year 1785;" he referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 41.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, 'That they had come to several Resolutions; which the; had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to in Expiring quire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and Laws» to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Steele presented to the House,

A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the Lift of Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 11th Pensions. Day of February 1785 (being the Date of the last Return) who have served the Crown in Foreign Courts, made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned,

" which are now paid out of the Revenues of the " Civil LiftAnd also,

A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 11th Day of February 1785 (being the Date of the last Return) made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil " Lift Revenues, and for preventing the same from " being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the " Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and " by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein " mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues " of the Civil List."

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Eali-India the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Company’* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented ees'&e' to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of all Offices, Places, and Employments of the East India Company in the East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof, according to the latest Advices received from India.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered,

Shop Tax.

Ditto.

180

6* — 7 ° Februarii. A. 17 8(5.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martif, 7° die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Praye ns.

A PETITION of the Retail Dealers, Inhabitants of the City of Durham, and Suburbs thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, ever disposed cheerfully to contribute their due Proportion to the Maintenance and Support of that Govern-ipent and Constitution under which they deem it an Happiness to be protested, cannot avoid representing with Concern their Disapprobation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, as partial, inequitable, and unjust; and that the Petitioners, having candidly and maturely considered the Operation and Tendency of the said Act, in every Point of View, conceive it to be, to all Intents and Purposes, imposing an additional House Tax on the Retail Traders of Great Britain, which will not be felt by the Merchant and Wholesale Dealer, or Opulent of any other Description, the supposed Idea, that the Load of this Tax will fall On the Consumer of Goods sold by Retail, being impracticable, from its not being laid on any specific Article, and, from the Inequality of its Operation, and a Variety of other Causes, the Petitioners represent it to the House as an oppressive and intolerable Burthen, and which will inevitably fall on the poor and industrious Shopkeepers, many of whom are bending under the Pressure of the numerous Imposts which have already been laid on them; and that, notwithstanding the Petitioners already contribute so large a Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, they beg Leave to re-assure the House, that they will, at all Times, to the utmost of their of Abilities, cheerfully pay every Duty laid on them in common with their Fellow Subjects, and, that their Resistance to the said Act arises entirely from a Conviction of its Partiality and Inequality: And therefore praying the House to take the said Act into Consideration, and, by a Repeal of the fame, or by such other Measure as to the House shall teem expedient, relieve the Petitioners from the ruinous Oppression I'uftained thereby.

A Petition of the Several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Retail Shopkeepers in the City of York, as well on Behalf of themselves as the other

Shopkeepers resident in that City and the Suburbs thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and all the Retail Shopkeepers throughout the Kingdom, are by no Means in a State of Opulence to be marked out by the Legislature as the foie Objects of a Taxation, burthensome from its Amount, and in the highest Degree partial, from which the most wealthy and independent Part of the Community are wholly exempt; and that the Tax on Retail Shops, imposed in the last Session of Parliament, has in every Rel'pect the Effect of such a Taxation as the Man of Wealth, who lives without Business, and even the opulent Merchant and

Wholesale Dealer, are not in the least Degree chargeable, with; and that the Petitioners cannot transfer the Burthen of the Shop Tax on the Consumer of the Commodity, as alledged by its Advocates (w-hich may be the same when a Tax is laid on any Article of Trade) and by that Means render it general, but must bear the whole Burthen of it personally, as an additional House Tax:

Wherefore, as the Petitioners have at all Times cheerfully paid their Quota to the Exigencies of the State, and are ever willing to bear their proportional Part of any necessary Burthen which may be laid on the whole Community, to the Extent of their Abilities, they pray the House will take this Petition under their most serious Consideration, and repeal an Act so universally obnoxious and oppressive to every] Description of Retail Tradesmen.

A Petition of the Retail Traders of the Borough of Shop Tax. Chipping JVycomb, in the County of Bucks, was like-wife presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners understand, the only Ground upon which the Tax on Retail Shops is justified, is, that the Retailers will raise it on the Consumer; but the Petitioners cannot avoid considering that as an Impofiibility, for, if they thought otherwise, they should expect much Advantage, as it would in that same be unavoidably raised beyond Proportion to their Payment, and, they conceive, no Set of Men would petition to have a Source of Profit taken from them; and that the Petitioners feel the many Objections that lie against granting a Petition to repeal a Tax, and likewise know the Necessities of Government are great, and would with the utmost Cheerfulness contribute to One more general in its Operation: And therefore they hope that the House will relieve them from the said Tax, as they, cannot help copfidering it as personal, and of course partial and oppressive. s

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Cromford passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Bridge Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- ®oad* pair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put Briiuington, in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the &c- Roads-Iteign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield, in the " County of Derby, over The High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned," and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, so far as relates to the Roads leading from the Worksop Turnpike Road, at Brimington, to the Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Sheffield, and from thence up Whittington Common, by Dunston, to The Four Lane Ends, and Cutthorpe, and from thence, over The High Moors, to join the Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Baslow, and also such Part of the Road branchr

ing North-West to join the Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Calver, as is now made and repaired, and also the Road from Chesterfield to The Four Lane Ends, in the said County, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the

Christopher-son's Nat.

Bristol Bridge and Streets.

Duties on

Carriages,

&c.

46 Geo. III. 70 Februarii. 181

good Purposes of the said A ft, so far as relates to the said tad-mentioned Roads, be completed, unlefe the Term thereby granted, and which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said A ft, so far as the same relates to or concerns the said last mentioned Roads respectively, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Provisions, as to the House shall lee in meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MLord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of a Committee of Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for putting the dud Act in Execution have, by virtue of the Truds reposed in them, built a new Bridge, called Bristol Bridge, over the said River Avon, and have widened and opened certain Sheets, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and that the present Way from the said Bridge to Temple Street, in the said City, being the Road from Bristol towards Bath, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and it would be of great public Utility if the Trustees were empowered to make and open a proper Way and Passage from the said Bridge to Temple Street aforesaid; and that the Quorum of lruftees appointed by the said Act is by Experience found to be too large, and feme other Alterations and additional Powers are necessary to be granted, for more effectually carrying the said Act into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, and for the other Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it i6 referred to Mr. Cruger, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Baton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purseant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Carriages and Male Servants, respectively, paid into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Excise, for Three Vol. 41.

Years, ending the 5th of July 1785; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year: And allb.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Carriages and Male Servants, paid into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Excise, between the 5th of January 1785, and the 5th of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr- Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-five," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session.of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of " Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of George Daubeny, Esquire, was de- Bristol livered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, Election. That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of* the City of the Petitioner, and Matthew Brickdale, Henry Cruger, and Samuel Peach, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Henry Cruger was, at the Time of the said Election, incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because the said Henry Cruger (who was a Native of One of the United States of America, and was, at the Time of the said Election, resident within the Territories of one of the said States) did, previous to the said Election, and after the Congress of the said States had declared the said States to be free and independent, and absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and allb, after the Independence of the said States had been in a lawful Manner acknowledged by His Majesty, take

3 A an

Bristol

Election.

181 70 Februarii. A. 178 6.

an Oath or Oaths of Allegiance to the said United States, or to one of them, and did thereby, or otherwise, actually or virtually renounce his Allegiance to His Majesty and to this Country, and the Government thereof, and became an Alien, and not entitled to the Privileges of the natural-born Subjects of this Country; and that the said Henry Cruger was also incapable, at the Time of the said Elefition, of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because he was not, at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, such an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as is by Law required to qualify a Person to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire, or as a Citizen, for any County or City in England;and that the Agents of the said

Henry Cruger were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, before and during the said Election, and, by Bribery, Threats, Violence, and undue Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Crugat the said Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that, at the said Election, a great Majority of legal Votes were given for the Petitioner, over those which were given for the said Henry Cruger and Samuel Peach, and the Petitioner was duly elefited, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, but the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great many Persons to vote for the said Henry Cruger, at the said Election, who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted to vote at the said Election, and rejected the Votes of divers Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and had a Right to vote at the said Election, and, by such Means, and other Afits of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Cruger over the Petitioner, and have unduly returned the said Henry Cruger as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and of the legal Electors for the said City and County: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and declare that the Election and Return of the said Henry Cruger were and are void, and that the Petitioner was and is duly elected, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, and will grant to the Petitioner such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, Matthew Brickdate, George Daubeny, Henry , and Samuel

Peach, Esquires, were Candidates; and that at the Time of the said Election, the said Henry Cruger was incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because the said Henry Cruger, previous to the said Election, and after the Congress of the United States of America had declared the said States to be free and independent, and absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and also, after His Majesty had in a lawful Manner acknowledged the said States to be free, sovereign, and independent States, did take an Oath or Oaths, or subscribc a Declaration or Declarations of Allegiance to the said United States, or one of them, and did thereby, and otherwise, actually -or virtually renounce

his Allegiance to his Majesty and to this Country, and became an Alien, ana not entitled to the Privileges of the natural-born Subjects of this Country; and that the said Henry Cruger was also, at the Time "of the said Election, incapable of being chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because he was not, at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, an Estate, Freehold or Copy-hold, for his own Life, or for any greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what would have satisfied and cleared all Incumbrances that might affect the fame, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the Annual Value of 300l. above Re-prizes; and that the Agents of the said Henry Cruger were, before and during the said Election, guilty of Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and, by Bribery, Threats, Violence, and undue‘Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Cruger, at the said Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the said George Daubeny, and that,* at the said Election, a great Majority of Votes, over those which were given for the said Henry Cruger and Samuel Peach, were given by the Petitioners and others duly qualified to vote in Favour of the said George Daubeny, who was duly chosen at the said Election, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, but the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Henry Cruger, at the said Election, who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted to vote at the said Election, and rejected the Votes of divers Persons, who tendered their Votes for the said George Daubeny, and had a Right to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and other Acts of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the- Poll in Favour of the said Henry Cruger, over the said George Daubeny, and have unduly returned the said Henry Cruger as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the said George Daubeny: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum: In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cafes were lent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Sir William Codrington presented to the House, Tewkesbury according to Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, cleans- Paving, ing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, and Places, within the Town-of Tewkesbury, and the PrecinQs thereof, in the County of Gloucester-, for Removal of present, and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and al'cer-taining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening

some

26 Geo. III. je — S° Februarii. 183

some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the And the Witness added, That several further Provi-said Town: And the same was received; and read the lions and Powers are wanted for more effectually First Time. repairing the said Roads, and for enabling the Trustees

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ' to pay the Interest of the Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Warcham, Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made Ac. Roads. Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

in the 6th Year of His present Majesty, for amending, King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for re-

widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in ‘Repair, " pairing and widening the Roads from several Roads leading from the Market Crofe, in the " and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of " The High Moors, to the several Places therein

Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First " mentionedAnd that Mr. Mundy, Lord George

Time. Cavendish, and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, do prepare.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and bring in, the same.

E. India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account?, Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements &c* of the Bengal Government, from the 3061 of April 17 85,

to the ift of May 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Bonded Debt due by the East India Company at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Arrears due in the several Departments of Government, and of the Orders on the several Treasuries, issued and remaining unpaid at the Pre-fulencies of Fort William, Fort St. George, and Bombay, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 26° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

_ TV/TR. Mundy reported from the Committee, to 4c Toads."’ whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Brimington and Ches- terfield, in the County of Derby, over The High " Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned," and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report _ the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Waller being examined, feid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed the Sum of 2,387/. io$. upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has. been applied in repairing the several Roads described in the Petition — That the Trustees have not proceeded in the Repair of the other Parts of the Road described in the Act — That the Money lb borrowed still remains due, together with a large Arrear of Interest of upwards of 500 /. and cannot be repaid, unlefe the Term of the Act be continued with respect to the Roads already repaired, and described in the Petition.

Vojl. 41.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Christopher-the Bill for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson, w as fonsNat-committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Kipping’s thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execu- CroGi Road,‘ tion an Act of Parliament, made and pasted in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of -

ley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Mar-den, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wamhutt's Green, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progrefe in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, divers Sums of Money, amounting to 2,300l. and have also borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, to Stile Bridge, and from Under den Green to Wanshutt's Green, divers other Sums of Money, amounting to 3,700l. which are still due; and that the Petitioners lind the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Monies borrowed thereon, with the Interest, be paid off, unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued or enlarged, and the Act in some Respects varied and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the said Act, and make the same, in other Respects, more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Wadhurst, Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in &c. Road, the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullens

HiU,

Westminster

Paving.

Lambeth, 5rc. Roads.

184 8° Februar. A. 1786.

Hid, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill through the Parishes of Horsmonden, den, Yalden, and West Farley, to Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progrefe in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls, divers Sums of Money, amounting to 3,800/, which are frill due; and that the Petitioners find the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Monies borrowed thereon, with the Interest, be paid off, unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued or enlarged, the Tolls thereby granted increased, and the said Act, in some Respects, varied and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls, enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the said Act, and make the fame, in other Respects, more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hompcood,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Com milfi oners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the -City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts " passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the " Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and " Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several " Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the " Purposes of the said A ft," it was enacted, That certain Tolls on Sundays should be paid at the different Turnpikes therein mentioned, in the Name of a Street Toll, and that the Monies to be raised thereby should be vested in the Petitioners, to be by them, from Time to Time, applied in Aid of the Funds before provided by Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Places in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and Alledging, That the Income of the said Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied for the Purposes for which they were granted; and that the Money so borrowed frill remains due, and cannot be paid oftj nor can the Trusts repoled in the Petitioners be effectually carried into Execution, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Road.s in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Black Friars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have caused the said Roads to be made, widened, watched, lighted, and kept in good Repair, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which frill remain due, and cannot be repaid during the Term of the said Acts; and AUedging, That the Road leading from Westminster Bridge towards Kensington Common might be rendered much more safe and commodious, if certain small Buildings, situate on the South West Side of the Road at Cor-

ner, in the said Parish of Lambeth, were taken down, and the Scites thereof, and Part of a Yard adjoining thereto, and allb a small Parcel of Ground, situate on the West Side of the said Road near Walcot Place, end China Terrace, in the said Parish of Lambeth, were laid into the said Road; and that a certain Road, leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Black Friars Bridge Road, near The Magdalen Hospital, might be made much more safe and ulefui, if the same was widened, and put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Public, if a new Road was laid out and made in a Line from the said Lambeth Marsh Street, through a Garden, at present in the Occupation of William Gar-ford, entering the Parish of Christ Church, near The Old Halfpenny Hatch, and from thence continued into the Road leading from Black Bridge, to The

Circus, in Saint George's Fields, a little nearer to the said Bridge than Charlotte Street; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected, nor the said Roads be watched, lighted, and kept in good Repair, unless some further and other Powers are given to the Petitioners, and the Term of the said Acts enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for including the said other Roads, and other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr. Nor-

ton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy and others, residing in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and of several Creditors under the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same,

8 as

Bodmin

Roads.

Die ized by

2<J Geo. III. 8 ° Februarii 185

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A ftwas read: And,

Mr. Thomas Mounsteoen being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, for which Purpose a Debt has been contrafted, amounting to 4,850/. which, together with a small Arrear of Interest, still remains due- — That by Reason of the Smallness of the Tolls, and of several improper and unusual Exemptions, and by Evasions of the Payment of Tolls, it will be impossible to pay up the Interest of the Money borrowed, and keep the Roads in any tolerable Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged, so as to remedy the above Defects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Hunt, Sir John Morskead, and Sir William do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Chief Burgesses of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, in Common Hall assembled, and also of the Landholders, Merchants, Traders, Farmers and other Inhabitants of the said Island, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, in Common Hall assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under a great Grievance, from an Act -passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses " in His Majesty’s Customs," and other Laws now in force, by which no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, can be thipped, or put on Board to be carried forth to the open Sea, from any Port, Creek, or Member in Great Britain, to be landed at any other Port or Place of this Realm, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers of the Customs, a Cocket taken out for such Goods, and a Bond entered into to His Majesty for the due Delivery and Discharge of the same — an Act which not only operates as an excessive Restriction on the Trade of the said Island, but as a manifest Prejudice to the Petitioners, from the very great Expence they are subject to in performing the said Requisites; and that, by an Act passed so the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a partial Relief was obtained by the County of Southampton, by a Repeal of so much of the said Act as to admit the Transportation of all Goods and Merchandize to the Isle of Wight which were not prohibited to be exported, or liable to Duties on Exportation, while the said Island remained under all the Restrictions of the former Act; and repre-fenting to the House, That the Petitioners are more particularly affected and oppressed by the Prohibition the said Act of the Fourteenth of Charles the Second imposes on their Trade from their insular Situation than other Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain-, that they cannot export from the said Island to any other Yol. 41.

Part of the said County of Southampton any Goods (particularly Com and Cattle, the fta-ple Commodities thereof) without incurring a very considerable Expence, and, in frequent Instances, the mere Value of the Goods so exported bearing no Proportion to the Charges attending the fame: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and afford them such Relief as the House shall deem fit

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Salop Gaol* holders, of the County of Salop, and the several Juris- &«= dictions within the same, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty’s Gaols, and the Houses of Correction, for the said County of and the said

several Jurisdictions, are at present ancient Buildings, much out of Repair, very inconvenient, and inadequate for the Purposes of Gaols and Houses of Correction; and that the Petitioners are desirous to erect a new Gaol and House of Correction, for the said County and the said fevferal Jurisdictions, upon a Garden in the Occupation of Mr. Edward Pritchard, or Ground near thereto, so the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of.

and to open Avenues thereto, in order to which, it u ill be necessary to make a Purchase of the said Garden Land and Ground, together with feme Houses and other Buildings situate near the said Garden, and it will be necessary, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, to raise a considerable Sum of Money; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain Commissioners were impowered to raise any Sura, not exceeding One Shilling and Four Pence in the Pound, so due Proportion to the Assessment of the Land Tax, upon every Town, Parish, or Place, within the said County, and also on the Town and Liberties of Ludlow, for defraying the Expence of taking down the Buildings given, and completing Purchases, and for building, completing, fitting up, and furnishing the said Shire Hall and Guildhall, and executing the other Purposes of the said Act; and that the said Sum has, from unforeseen Events, been found inadequate for the Purpose of making the necessary Purchases, and for completing the said Shire Hall and Guildhall, and the said Act is in other Respects ineffectual to answef the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building, and keeping in Repair, a Gaol and House of Correction for the said County of Salop and the said several Ju-rildiftions, and opening Avenues thereto, and for raising the Monies necessary for such Purchases, and for railing such further Sum of Money as may be necessary for discharging the Monies due for Purchases already contrafted for, and for completing and keeping in Repair the said Shire Hall and Guildhall, for opening Avenues to the said Shire Hall and Guildhall, and for explaining and amending the said Act, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Bichard HiU, Mr. Kynaston,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Net Prodoc* 3 B the of Taxes.

Public Debts.

Duties on lloulvs.

Lancaster

Election.

186 8° Februarii. 1786.

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he wks called in; and, at the Bar, prelixited to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784; and from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes; from Michaelmas 1784 to Christmas 1784; and from Michaelmas 1785 to Christmas 1785: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1784 to the 5th Day of January 1785; and from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of January 1786: And also,

An Account of the Total Sums arising from Taxes imposed in the Year 1785, which have been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer previous to the 5th of January 1786; distinguishing the Produce of each Tax: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1786, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Whitehead, from the Receiver General of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th of 1785

and the 5th of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Abram Rawlinson, Esquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that divers unlawful and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by, and on the Part of, the said Abram Rawlinson, and Fronds Reynolds, as well before as during the Poll; and that, in the course of the Poll, John Bowes, the Mayor, and Doctor Campbell, the Low Bailiffe of the said Borough, Two of the Returning Officers at the said Election, acted with great Partiality, and improperly rejected Numbers of legal Voters, who tendered their Voices for the Petitioner, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said Abram Rawlinson and Francis Reynolds, who were not legally qualified lb to do; and that the said Returning Officers admitted several on the Poll with Queries, in order to re-consider and determine the Legality of such Votes at feme subsequent Time before the Return should be made, which the said Mayor and Bailiffe refused to do, notwithstanding a Scrutiny was demanded on Behalf of the Petitioner, which the said Mayor and Bailiffe also refused to grant, and returned the said Abram Rawlinson and Francis Reynolds as Burgesses for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who ought to have been

returned lor the said Borough: And therefore1 praying.

That he may be heard by Counsel, against the said Election and Return, and may be relieved in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 33d Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Lancaster thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough Ele<aioa-of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Lorwther, Esquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquire, and Abram Rawlinson, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the issuing the Writ for the Election, and previous to, and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, did give, present and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink,

Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, and the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage, to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision as aforesaid, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Razolinson, previous to, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as duly elected, and by the said and other undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Means, the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson obtained a Majority on the Poll, and were returned accordingly, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other Electors of the said Borough, who voted for the said John Lowther, and in opeu Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election; and that the Mayor and Low Bailiffe, Two of the Returning Officers of the said Borough, behaved with great Partiality at the said Election, in Favour of the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson who had no Right to vote, and refused to admit to poll others who had a good Right to vote, or were in the same Situation with those whom they allowed to vote for the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, and who offered their Votes for the said John Lowther; and the said Mayor and Low Bailiffe were otherwise guilty of the most gross Partiality; and that on a Scrutiny being duly demanded, when the Polling was over, on the 26th Day of April last, in Behalf of the said John Lowther, the Petitioners, and other Electors of the said Borough (which Scrutiny, as the Petitioners contend, would have clearly shewn that the said John Lowther had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned) the said Returning Officers peremtorily refused to grant the same, without giv* ing any substantial Reasons for their so doing, notwithstanding that they had admitted several Votes on the Poll with Queries, in order to re-consider and determine on the Legality of such Votes at some subsequent Time, before the Return should be made, notwithstanding the re was sufficient Time to have

gone

26 Geo. III. 8 0 Februar 187

gone through and finished the said Scrutiny, before the Precept and Writ of Election were returnable; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, and the said Mayor and IjOw Bailifie, were guilty of those and divers other illegal and corrupt Practices at and before the said Election, to the great Prejudice of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall (eem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lad preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum In pursuance of Two Acts made in the 10th and 11 tli Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by theml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Rougemont’s, A Petition of John Henry Rougemont and Lewis *c. Nat. Guy, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Astley and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shop Tax. A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers resident in the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, burthened as they are with the Duty imposed on Retail Shops, beg Leave to seek that Redress from Parliament which, they conceive, the Justice and Equity of their same require, and, as the Ground of their Application, to date to the House, that the Oppression of the (hid Tax is grievously felt by them, and that, from Experience and Observation, it operates immediately upon them as an additional House Duty, without a Possibility of reimbursing themselves by a Charge upon any of the Articles they vend: The Petitioners therefore, sensible as they are, that the Legislature meant not to tax any Sort of Men without having an Eye to Equality in its Consequences, presume to a(k and hope. That the House will take their same into serious Consideration, and afford them the fought-for Redreis, by a Repeal of that Law' which bears so partially hard upon a Description of Men whole Inclinations are forward to support the Exigencies of Government, in common with the rest of their Fellow Subjects, to the ntmost of their Power.

Ditto. A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tax, laid in the last Session of Parliament, on Retail Shops, has been found in the highest Degree partial and oppressive, the whole Weight of it being borne by one distin£t and particular Clafe of Men, and the said Tax, being assessed according to the Rent of the House, does not fall, even upon the Persons who are the Objects of it, with Equality, and in Proportion to the Property, Income, and Advantages in Trade, of each Individual; and that the only Argument which has been adduced in Support Vol. 41.

of the said Tax, " That it must ultimately fall on the " Consumer," is ill founded and erroneous, as it can be considered in no other Point of View than an additional House Tax on Retail Traders, and must be, as all other Personal Taxes have been, paid by them alone: And the Petitioners, therefore, relying on the Justice of the House, hope that their same will be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted, as to the House may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjoum-the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning ment-next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Commit- " tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed hitn to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive, being 3C5 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 17S6, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full ‘

Pay to -Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s

0 Februarii.

Brimington, &c. Roads.

Wats Cross Roads.

183 8° — io

Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments of Foot, serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and The West Indies, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both iuclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of December 1774, of the Estimates of the Army being presented to the House; and also, of the 16th Day of the same Month, when the said Estimates were referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 10* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786. Pkaters.

MR. Mundy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield, in the County of " over The High Moors, to the several Places therein " mentionedAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn-

A. 1786.

pike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notice required to be affixed on the Door of the Sessions House at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, was affixed on the Day before the Session was held, and was taken down by feme Person before the holding the Session, but that Notice bad been given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

The Reverend Sir Richard Baronet, in-

formed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts so far as relates to the said Roads, be enlarged, and feme further and other Powers granted for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Souihborough, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honywoad do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Worksop whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Hoad, ting into Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act For repairing and widening the Road from " Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the " Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handxworth,

" and DarnaU, to the North East End of " in the County of York, where the same joins the " Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield," and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Whitaker, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Trustees borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Debt now owing amounts to 8,0971, and upwards — That the Term granted by the said Act expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament

That the Tolls, in their present State, being inadequate to the paying the Interest of the Money due, and keeping the Road in Repair, it is proposed to repeal a Clause in the said Act, which restrains the Trustees from erecting any Turnpike Gate between Handsworth and Attercliffe, and to erect a Turnpike between those Places; but that at the Gate to be erected there, it is only proposed to lay a Toll of 4 d.upon Waggons laden with Coals, and drawn

Coal Trade.

Dunstable

Hoad.

Shop Tax*

26 Geo. III. 10° Februarii.

with Five Horses, and To in Proportion for a less Number; and that the Tolls to be collected from those Carriages is intended to be laid out on that particuar Road — And the Witness further added, That some further Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, and Damall, to the North East End of in

the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield: And that Mr. Galley Knight and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rot her-hithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Grimston reported from the Committee, to whopi the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Acts, paired in the Ninth Year of King George the First, in the Tenth Year of King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were read: And,

Mr. John Cowper being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and have expended the same on the Repair of the said Road; but as some Parts of it still require Repair, to be widened, and amended, the same cannot be done, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged and amended; and that it would be convenient to have the said Three Acts reduced into One Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford: And that the Lord Grimston, Mr Plumer, the Earl of Upper Ossory, and Mr. John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders of the City of Worcester, and the Environs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That they feel themselves particularly aggrieved and burthened by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain; and that the Petitioners have ever, with great Willingness, paid all Taxes impartially imposed on them

Vox,. 41.

in common with their Fellow Citizens, and, being conscious of the Necessity of heavy Taxes, for the Support of the Honour, and to supply the Exigencies of the State, they even now with Reluctance complain of the said Tax, to which they are chiefly impelled by the Duty they owe to themselves and their numerous Families, and will be ready most chearfully to contribute, with their Fellow Citizens, to any Tax which Parliament may devise as a Substitute for the said Tax upon Shops, and which shall be so formed as to diffuse itself more uni-verfally and indiscriminately amongst His Majesty’s Subjects in general; and that it is impossible for the Petitioners, by any Means whatever, to advance the Prices of their Goods, so that the Consumer may participate with them in the Burthen of the said Tax, and therefore the Petitioners, and the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders of this Kingdom, have thought themselves justified interming it a partial, unequal, and oppressive Tax, and consequently a Tax repugnant to the true Principles of the Constitution, and contrary to the wonted and known Wisdom and Justice of Parliament: And therefore beleeching the House to take their same most feriouly into Consideration, and to redress the Grievance complained of, by a Repeal of the said Act.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Borough Shop Tax. of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was also presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have always manifested their ready Acquiescence with every Requisition which the Exigencies of the State have rendered necessary to be laid upon them in common with the rest of their Fellow Subjects, and are fully satisfied, that the particular Tax laid upon Retail Shopkeepers, in Distinction from all other Ranks and Classes of People in the British Empire, is partial and oppressive; and that they are also perfectly satisfied of the imprafticability of obtaining the least Relief from the particular Burthen of the said Tax any other Way than by a total Repeal thereof, without which it roust inevitably prove ruinous to many honest industrious Individuals: And therefore beseeching the House, That the said Tax may be repealed.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers and others, Inhabitants Ditt0-of the City of Coventry, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tax on Retail Shopkeepers will operate, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, as a partial and additional House Tax, and prove extremely oppressive to a Class of Persons at present labouring under the Weight of the late Taxes on Houses and Windows, to which, as Shopkeepers, they contribute in greater Proportions than any other of His Majesty’s Subjects; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to assure the House, that the Tax on Retail Shops must be paid out of the Profits of the Retail Trader, and cannot be laid on the Consumer: And they therefore hope and trust, That, when the House considers how chearfully the Retail Traders have hitherto contributed to the Exigencies of the State, and how heavily those of the City of Coventry in particular are at present burthened (being actually chargeable with Parochial and other Taxes to the Amount of Seventeen Shillings and upwards in the Pound Rent) the House will not add to their Grievances, by marking out the Retail Shopkeepers as Objects of a Tax which must fall upon them only, but, taking the Premises into its serious Consideration, will either repeal the said Tax, or grant to the Petitioners such other Redreis as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers in the City of Chester, Ditto, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have hitherto contributed their Proportion to the Public Revenue, and still are willing so to do, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects,

3C but

i o° Februarii.

Pawn-

brokers.

190

but fold fopmfelsai particufarly aggrieved by the late A&pf Parliament for imposing a Duty on Retail Shops, wfeich passed, as they are informed, upon a Supposition that the Retail Shopkeepers could add the Duty to the Prime Colt of their Goods, apd consequefody lay it upon the Confirmer, although jthe Petitioners find it impossible so so do, and to preserve their Trade; and that the Houses of Retailers are, by the said A £0 be assessed at the same Yearly Rent or Value as the same Oxall he assessed at for the Duties on Inhabited Dwelling Houses, and therefore the Petitioners conceive that the said Tax, being assessed according to the Rent of the House, will have precisely the same Operation with the House Tax, and all other Taxes collected by a Pound Rate, which never have, as they believe, been laid on the Consumer j and that, as the find Tax must be paid out of the Profits of the Retail Trader, die Petitioners trtift the Houlje will consider how heavily they are at prefeot burthened, and not mark them out as the Objects of a Tax to which no other Trader will contribute: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideretion, and to grant them such Relief as the Circumstances of their same shall require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered so lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the fevera) Per Ions whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Rehalf of themselves and others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Rills of Mortality, was presented to the House, apd read, Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and

render more effectual, An Act made in the Thirtieth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt so " attaiu, Possession of Goods, or Money, by fajle or " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of Goods " pawned; and for preventing Gamiijg ip Public Houses " by Journeymen), Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices, " so far as the same relates to the preventjpg the unlawful " Pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of " Goods pawned," certain Regulations were effoblished for better conducting the Rufinefa of Pawnbrokers, and which was to continue in Force for One Year, and uptjl tine End of the then next Session of Parliament; apd that the said Act, and the several Regulations thereby established, have been found to be beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive, that it would con-dupe to foe Public Good, if foe same were so be made perpetual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be. given to bring so a BUI to make foe said Act perpetual, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in foe Premises as so the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring so a Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so explain, amend, and render more effeduaj, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of foe Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-foufod, " An Act for the more effectual Punishment " erf Persons wfip shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods, or Money, by false or untrue Rrefences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Gtoud?; for foe easy Redemption of Goods pawned; "and for preventing Gaming so Public Houses, by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so for as foe same relates so foe preventing foe unlawful Pawning of Goods; and for foe eaiy Redemption of Goods pawed: And foot Ms* Alderman Newnhom

A. i7&6-

and Mr. Aidecmeo Watson do prepare, and bring so, foe fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hof ord and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to foe Rill, intituled, An American Act for confining, for a limited Time, foe Trade between foe Ports of foe United States of America and i„..h His Majesty’s Subjects in foe Jfiand of ’

to Bread, Flour, Indian Coro, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to

Law, clearing out from foe Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and fornifoed with a Licence according tp foe Forpi hereunto annexed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Emmerich’s Act for naturalising Andreas Emmwithout any Nat* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Weltje’s, & c. naturalizing Louis iVeltje and Alexander von - Nat-

bach; tp which the Lords desire the Concurrence of fois House.

And foep the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, and Moor certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish Monk ton of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York, Inclosuie-

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duncombe,

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Peter Richard, and George Chris- Richard’s, tian Matthiessen, was presented to the House, and read; &c- ^at* Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for fopir Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of foe said Petition: And that Mr. Call and Sir William Lemon do prepare, and bring in, foe fame.

Resolved, That fois House will, at foe Riling of the Adjourn-House fois Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. nient>

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of foe whole House, to whom it was referred Means* to consider of Ways and Means for raising foe Supply granted to His Majesty, foe Resolutions which the Committee hffo directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foljovefo; vifi.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of fois Committee,

That, towards raising foe Supply granted to His Majesty, foe Sum Pf Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raifad within foe Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, Ope fooufand Seven hundred apd Eighty-six, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England. Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed I apd foat a proportionable Cpfa, according tp foe Ninth Article of foe Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Syotlmd.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards rajfipg foe Supply granted to His Majesty, foe Duties upon Malt, Muo>, Cyder, and Perry,

which

Dover

Harbour.

Naval Half Pay.

Crewkerne

Roads.

- -skg...

&6 III- 10° Fe&rnam. 19*

.which, by ao Act of Parliament <®f the Twenty-fifth widening, and keeping in Repair, federal Roads leading Year of His present Majesty’s Reigo, have Continuance to and from Crcwkerne, in the County of Somerset, was to the Twenty 'fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven nead a Second Time.

hundred and £ighty-six, be further (continued and charged Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

upon all Malt which lh*U he made, and all Mum which Mr. Rode, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, lfoll be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, which shall he made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June, A Bill to enable Cornelius Sahidge, alias Savage, now Salvidge’s One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, to the called Cornelius Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to Name. Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel and Eighty-seven. Tutton, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips,

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Aubrey, Mr, Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exdtequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rote, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Warden and Assistants incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thena-selves and the rest of the said Assistants, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plane; and afterwards delivered it m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Latham, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Harbour of Dover is, from its Situation, of great public Utility, and that the maintaining and supporting the said Harbour is an Object of great Importance to this Country.

And it appeared to Your Committee, by several Acts of Parliament, that certain Tonnage Duties have been from Time to Time granted towards defraying the Expence of maintaining and supporting the said Harbour, which Acts will expire on the 12th Day of May next; and the Witness said, there is no other Fund for maintaining and supporting the said Harbour, except certain Estates, called the Old Revenues, Part whereof, to the Amount of about 609/. per Annum, is applicable to repairing and supporting the said Harbour, which Sum is by no Means adequate to defray the necessary Expence thereof.

And the Witness added, That unless the said Duties are further continued, or some other Provision made for maintaining and supporting the said Harbour and Works, the same must very soon fall into total Decay.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour: And that Mr. North, Mr. Marsham, and Mr. Charles Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Captaios on the Tea and Eight Shilling Lift of the Half Pay of the Navy.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing,

Vol. 41.

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Society in Scotland, for propagating gcotch Christian Knowledge, being offered to be presented to Society for the House. promoting

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty s knowledge, Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to " estabfifti a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and " preventing Disorders there for the future,’’ all and every the Lands and Estates which were then in the Hands of his Majesty, by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Looat, and certain other Persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, and, it was declared lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Commission under the Privy Seal of Scotland, to authorize Commissioners and Trustees for managing the said Estates, and applying the Produce thereof; and that his said late Majesty and His present Majesty did, in pursuance of the said Act, from Time to Time, by Commissions under the Privy Seal of Scotland, authorize the Persons therein severally named as Commissioners and Trustees, to manage the said Estates, and apply the Produce thereof, and, the said Commissioners did, among other Things, in Execution of the Trust, estabhfti Schools in different Places in the remote Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, and grant Annual Salaries to the Persons appointed Teachers in the said Schools, payable (irom the Rents and Produce of the said forfeited Estates; and that by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty 8 Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Fraser, the " Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Looat,

" upon certain Terms and Conditions;" the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty was repealed, in as far as related to the Estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late Lord Looat, which was thereby dif-annexed from the Crown, and was afterwards granted by His Majesty to the said Major General Simon Fraser; and that by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon " certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates " in Scotland, which were put under the Management " of a Board of Trustees, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, and to repeal the feia " Aft/ the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his said

D ized by

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge,

102 10° Februarii. A. 1786.

said late Majesty was repealed, in as far as respected the other forfeited Estates, besides the Estate of the said Simon late Lord Lovat; and, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to give, grant and dispone to the Periods therein named and described, being the Representatives of the Persons forfeited, the said several forfeited Estates, upon their severally paying into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the respective Sums of Money in the said Act mentioned, at the Times therein specified, and certain Sums, Part of the Money so directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, were appropriated by the said Act for the Purposes and to the Use of the Persons and Societies therein mentioned; and it was enacted, tjiat in cafo the Sums to be paid into the said Court, in Consideration of the said annexed forfeited Estates being restored, should not be exhausted by the several Applications or Appropriations in the said Act specified, the Balance of the Money so to be paid in should remain under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public Banks, or public Funds, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament; and that no Provision was made by the said Act for continuing the Schools in the remote Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, which were established by the Commissioners and Trustees of the said forfeited Estates, or for continuing the Salaries of the Teachers of the said Schools, whereby, and unless Provision is . made, the good Eifefts of such Establishments will be loft to the Public, and a Number of industrious and well-deserving Persons, who have, for many Years, been Teachers of the said Schools, will be reduced to Distreis and Indigence; and that the Petitioners did lately present a Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, representing the State of the said established Schools, and particularly that the Salaries of the Teachers did amount, in the Whole, to the Anuual Sum of 299 L14J.; that it appeared to the Society, that certain of the said Schools, the Salaries of the Teachers whereof amounted to the Yearly Sum of 113/. might be discontinued immediately; that certain other of the said Schools might be- discontinued after the Deaths of the present Teachers, whose Salaries amounted to the Annual Sum of 48/. and who would be reduced to Beggary, if deprived of their Salaries; and, that the remaining Number of the said established Schools ought to be continued; viz. the Schools established at -

nartney, and Locheaniside, upon the Estate of Perth,

the School established at Strathyre, upon the Estate of Arnprior, the School established at the Schools

established at Kinlochrarmock, Finnart, Glenorchty, and Camagren, and Carrie, upon the Estate of the

Schools established at Kinlocharkaig, Mamore, and Strathlochie, upon the Estate of Lochiel, the School established at Clunie, the School established at Coigach, upon

the Estate of Cromarty, and the School established in the Island of South Uist, the Salaries of the Teachers of which Schools amounted to the Annual Sum of 138/. 14s.; that as the principal Object of the said Society was to establish and superintend Schools in the Highlands of Scotland, they conceived it might be proper to commit to them the Care of such of the Schools established by the late Commissioners of the annexed Estates, as it was thought proper to continue, but as the Society had gone the utmost Length their Funds would allow, in paying the Salaries of the Teachers of One hundred and Eighty-three Schools by them established, they could not undertake the Burthen of more, without a reasonable Allowance being made by the Public, and that upon such Allowance the Society would engage to pay the Salaries of the Teachers appointed by the late Commissioners before mentioned, as amounting to 48/. Yearly, during the Lives of the present

Teachers, and to continue the Schools mentioned in the said Memorial, and above, as proper to be continued, and pay the Salaries of the Teachers thereof in Time coming, according to the Regulations of the Society; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Proposal to be reasonable and beneficial to the Public, and that they merit Encouragement for their Endeavours to promote Virtue, Loyalty, and Industry, in the Inhabitants of the Highlands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and Remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purpose of enabling them to pay Salaries to the Teachers of the said Schools, according to the Distinctions above mentioned, and to continue such of the said Schools as are intended to be continued, under such Conditions as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Prisoners who are now Debtor* confined for Debt in the Castle or Gaol for the County Petition' of Gloucester, in Behalf of themselves and others their Fellow Prisoners, in -the like Situation, in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distreis, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Thirty-eight effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Forty-seven thousand and Five Pounds and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Six hundred and Thirty-eight effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Matters, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-four thousand One hundred and Sixty Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at

Gibraltar,

i6 Geo. III. 10° FebrUarii. *93

Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains,. Pay-masters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred Fifty-eight Pounds and Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish EstabliOnnent of Six Regiments of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and the West Indies, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Three hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, and One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full. Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty five Days, to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence and One Farthing, he granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Three hundred and Twenty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, fof the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty s Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Exertion, ment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr . Gilbert, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate.

Efuraate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1786 — Land Service. _ .

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vo L. 41.

3!) ESTIMATE

*94

io° Februarii.

A. 1786.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1786:

Land Service.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at The Tower -

And at the following Places;

C *. d.

15,266 8 —

L

Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and St. James’s Woolwich ——

Purfleet -

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Chatham -

Upnor Castle.....-

Sheerness -

Feversham ——

Dover ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddys-hard -

Plymouth ——

Keyham Point - -

{Pendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle and Clifford’s Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort -Guernsey ——

Jersey ——

Isle of Man ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses - - - .-

Estab* of the Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder -Estab* of the Office of Inspector of Artillery, and for proving Guns -

Estab' of the Office of Superintendant of Military Machines -

226 — — i,334 10 —

541 5 — 255----

600----

80-----

380----

200----

120----

814 15 —

170----

644 15 _ 170-----

430-----

448 2 6 448 2 6

166----

534 17 — 1,876 5 — 023 7 6

282 17 6

26,022 5 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

13,011 2 6

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at - -

' North Britain -

Gibraltar - -

Jamaica -

St. Christopher -

Antigua -

Dominica -

I St. Vincent -

I Barbadoes -

' Grenada - -

Bahama Islands -

Quebec -

Halifax -

New Brunswick -

St. John’s and Placentia, Newfoundland

554 10 — 1,411 7 6

202 -

584 -

584----

584----

584 -

584----

584 -

474 10 —

86l 15 --

662 5 — 629 12 6

1,277 10 —

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park and The Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to The Tower, and the several other Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores; Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Mcflages, and Postage of Letters -

Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Palli-fadoes; making new and repairing old Carriages in the several Forts and Cattles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey.....-

Fumishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in The Tower - ....

Pay of die Corps of Engineers....

3,416 17 6 18,000-----

15,000-----

4,379 4 7

6.000 -

2.000 -

10,402 10 —

Pay

46 Geo. III. 10° Fehrmrii.

Pay of the Royal Regim' of Artillery, consisting of 3,282 Men, Officers iaotuded - «- -

Estab' of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Matters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich

Estab* of f)raughtfmen in The Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows. Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants -

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of 300,096. 17. 1. being the Amount of this Estimate -

C s.

106,465 11 2

2,025 15 __ 20,569 11 6

646 — - —

Ordinary

213,382 14 g

EXTRA ORDINARIES, 1786:

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

For Fuel for the Troops -

QUEBEC: For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

JAMAICA: For Staftj Contingencies, and Current Service

BAHAMA ISLANDS: For Contingencies, and Current Service -

WEST INDIA ISLANDS: For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of the Company of Artificers -

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

For Excavation of the Souterrain Works -

For re-establishing Quarters, and Repairs of Barracks -For ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Storehouses, Magazines, &c.

For providing and burning Lime -

For Supply of Bricks, ana other Materials, to carry on the foregoing Works For repairing Roads, Drains, Communications, &c. - -

For extraordinary Repairs of Works -

SCOTLAND:

For Repair of the fevered Forts, Castles, and Baitacks, in Scotland; Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

TINMOUTH CASTLE, &c.

For Repair of the Batteries and Works at Tinmouth Caftlfe, Clifford’s Fort, and Tinmouth Barracks

Vol. 41.

>C* 2. d.

3,000----

1,500----

4,492 10 10

3,840-----

1,181 11 6

3,900-----

3,300 -

1,350 -

1,200-----

45®-----

10,000 — ~

£> d.

4,500 — —

1,500-----

1,500---->

1,000 — —

6,000 — — a

29,714 a 4

5,000

1,000 — 4 —

CINQUE

Ordnance

Estimate.

Ordnance

Estimate

Fortifying Portsmouth and Plymouth Dock Yards.

196 10° Februarii. 178^.

CINQUE PORTS DIVISION: £ $, d. £ *-

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service ..... " m 1,000

FEVERSHAM: For Buildings, necessary Works, and Implements, for carrying on the Manufacture of Gunpowder ----- 2,000

CHATHAM: For Repair of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs of Gillingham, Cockhamwood, and Howness Forts; Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service For Repairs of the Powder Magazines, &c. at Upnor Castle ... SHEERNESS: For Repair of the Breakwaters, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service \ 1,500 1,000 . 2*500 1,000 —

WOOLWICH: . Towards the extraordinary Expences of the Laboratory - For Staff, Contingencies, and Charges, attending the Barracks ... 2.000 1.000 0 non - — .

PORTSMOUTH: For Staff, Contingencies, Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division, and for Current Service For the Works near the Dock Yard - GOSPORT: Towards carrying on the Works at Fort Monckton - - - - -For Staff, Contingencies, and Repair of Barracks and the Lines - - - 6.000 3.000 10,000 — 1.000 9,000 tl,i>00-

PLYMOUTH: For Staff, Contingencies, and Repairs of the Citadel, and various Places in the 2,000

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY: For Contingencies ------ J 5,000

Extraordinaries - - 86,714 2 4

Ordinary - ..... - 213,382 14 9

Ordinary and Extraordinaries or - - £ 300,096 17 1

Richmond, &c.

Mailer General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

W. Howe, Jams Luttrell, G.

J. , Tho. Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of an Estimate of the Expence of fortifying His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, by the Committee of Engineers at The Tower, annexed to the Report; made to his Majesty by the Board of

06

Land and Sea Officers appointed, under His Majesty’s Royal Authority, to investigate and report to His Majesty on the proper System of Defence, and on the Expediency and Efficacy of the proposed Plans -for better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

COPY

26 Geo. III.

i o° Februarii.

197

COPY of an Estimate of the Expence of fortifying His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, Penance by the Committee of Engineers at The Tower; annexed to the Report made to His Majesty by the Board of Land and Sea Officers, appointed, under His Majesty’s Royal Authority, to investigate and report to His Majesty on the proper System of Defence, and on the Expediency and Efficacy of the proposed Plans for better fecuiing His Majesty's Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth.

For erefling new Works on Portsea Island: £. s. d. £ *. d.

For Six Brick Towers on the Beach, between Cumberland Fort and South Sea Castle - - -- -- -For a Pentagonal Fort at I lilfea Lines ---- For Two Redoubts at Hilsea Lines ----- Total for New Works on Portsea Island 3,300 95,381 10 — 2,640 101,321 10 —

For the Purchase of Land on Portsea Island: For the supposed Value of Land to be purchased for the Fort at Hilfea Lines - - , ~ 2,600

Total for New Works, including the Purchase of Land, on Portsea Island - - 103,921 l —

For erecting New Works on the Gosport Side: For a Pentagonal Fort proposed at Stokes Bay - For a Pentagonal Fort proposed near Frater Lake - - - Total for New Works on the Gosport Side - £ s. d. 135.970 13 11 111,278 11 8 247,249 5 7

For the Purchase of Land on the Gosport Side: For the Value of the Land at Stokes Bay and Fort Monckton, as set by the Jury - - - -- -- --For the supposed Value of the Land to be purchased for the Fort near Frater Lake ------ For the Purchase of Land at Gosport 11,747 16 7i 10,000 21,747 16 7

Total for New Works, including the Purchase of Land, at Portsmouth - - £ 372,918 12 2J

For erecting New Works in the Plymouth Division: For the proposed Pentagonal Fort on the Heights of Maker, including advanced Works - -- -- --For the proposed Pentagonal Fort on the Heights of Merryfield Total for New Works in the Plymouth Division - £ s- d-119.588 5 5 101,964 221,552 5 5

For the Purchase of Land in the Plymouth Division: For the Value of the Land for the Fort on the Heights of Maker, as set by the Jury - For the supposed Value of the Land for the Fort on the Heights of Merryfield - - ’- Total for the Purchase of Land in the Plymouth Division 13.945 7 6 14,000 27,945 7 6

Total for New Works, including the Purchase of Land, for Plymouth - - - £ 249,497 12 11

rot. 41.

3E

For

Ordnance

Mimate»

196

io° Februarii.

A. 1786.

For the Repur and Improvement of the Old Works on Portsea Island:

For Cumberland Fort, with the additional Alterations now proposed For the Repair and Improvement of Lumps Battery -

For D*---- of Eastney Battery -

For Repair of the Old Works round the Town of Portsmouth

For completing the Works round Portsmouth Common on tire reduced

Plan -....

For taking down South Sea Castle, and building a Square Redoubt in lieu thereof -

Total for Old Works on Portsea Island

For the Repair and Improvement of the Old Works on the

Gosport Side:

For the Repairs and Additions to Blockhouse Fort -For completing Fort Monckton

For completing the Lines at Wevill and Priddy’s Hard - - *

Total for Old Works on the Gosport Side Total for Old Works at Portsmouth

For the Repair and Improvement of the Old Works at Plymouth:

For revering the North Gloster and Second Devon Redoubts

For repairing the Citadel -

For repairing the Battery on the Haut -

For D* - - - Eastera King

For D* - - - Western King -

For D* - - - Passage Point - -

.For repairing the Works on S1 Nicholas Ifl* -

For repairing the Lines round Plymouth Dock Town -

L s. d.

34,449 16 7

1,971 19 7

3,232 — 7

10,715 13 9

26,929 17 —

10,080 8 —

m £

1,054 19 —

32,457 12 3f

8,248 3 —

- I-

£ s. d.

5,748 12 —

1,955 3 Hi

3 9 i°

4 8 4

4 3 —

2 8 —

110 — 7

694 1 9

c

s-.

<L

Total for Old Works at Plymouth

Richmond,

87,379 *5 6|

41,760 14 3r

129,140 9 i°i

8,522 7 5v

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the whole Expence for fortifying the Dock Yards at Portsmouth and

Plymouth.

For repairing and improving the Old Works. For the New Works proposed. For the Purchase of Lands* total.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £ £. s. d.

On Portsea Island 87,379 *5 6| 101,321 10 — 2,600 191,301 5 6-j:

On the Gosport Side - 41,76014 3j 247,249 5 7' 21,747 16 7i 310,757 16 51

Total Expence to fortify the Dock ' Yard at Portsmouth - - 129,140 9 io| 348,570 15 7 24,347 16 7i 502,059 2

Total Expence to fortify the Dock Yard at Plymouth - . - 8,522 7 5i 221,552 5 5 27,945 7 6 258,020 — 4i

General Total of Expence - £. 137,662 17 4 570,123 1 — 52,293 4 ii 760/179 2 5?

N. B. Provided no New Works are erected, and the Works round Portsmouth Common are completed, as proposed in 1783, the Expence of Old Works will be increased, as expressed in the Eleventh Article of this Report, relative to Portsmouth Consequently the Total Amount of Old Works will then be - - £ 70,630 208,292 17 4 Richmond, 8tc. Ordered,

0 Februarii,

President of Boaad for Fortifications.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Clithero

inclosure.

id Geo. III. to0 — 13

*99

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of both the said Estimates be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That an humble Addrefe be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission appointing the Master General of the Ordnance President of the Board of Naval and Land Officers, appointed to examine and report on the Fortifications proposed by the Master General of the Ordnance;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidec further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbet't also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 13* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIIlti Regis, 1786. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Clithero, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of Thomas Lister, Esquire, Penn Assheton Esquire, and divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, situate within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe aforesaid, intitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the same Borough or Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Borough or Township, divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, amounting by Estimation to 350 Acres, or thereabouts, which now lie waste and uncultivated, and are, in their prefect Situation, Vjoju.4L

incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as a great Part thereof may be converted into Plowing and Meadow Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in, a Bill, to have the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Clitheroaforesaid, divided, allotted, and inclosed, by Commissioners, in such Bill to be named, unto and amongst the Petitioners, and the rell of the Proprietors of Messuages, Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, in Clithero aforesaid, that have Right of Common thereon, in Proportion to their Estates, Rights, and Interests therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lister and Mr. Asheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Lymingtoii put ia Execution an Act, passed in the Filth Year of Road* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening several Roads leading from " the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies now ow ing be repaid, unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act be altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, ana under such llestrictions and Regulations, as to ths House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Thistlethwayte, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers of the Town of Alton, Sh°P T®* in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have always readily contributed their just Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, and are sorry to have Occasion to complain against aqy Tax which the Legislature has judged it expedient to impose on them; but they beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Tax on Retail Shops, passed during the last Session of Parliament, is most partial, oppressive, and discouraging to Trade — partial, as it does not afieft the Man of independent Fortune, the Merchant, or the Wholesale Trader, who are all more proper Objects of Taxation than the Retail Shopkeeper, whose Returns are small, and his Profits greatly diminHhed by frequent and unavoidable bad Debts — oppressive and discouraging, as most of the Petitioners already pay heavy Duties for Licences to exercise their Trades, and they can, from Experience, confidently affect, that it is impracticable for the Shopkeeper to lay this Tax on his Customers, upon which Ground alone the Advocates for the Tax have attempted to justify k; it can therefore be considered only as a very heavy additional House Tax, the Burthen of which falls on the Retail Trader alone, who is least able to sustain

aoo

13* Februarii. 178

it, being already sinking under the Weight of accumulated Irapofts, which he, however, chearfully labours to pay, when levied on him equally with the rest of his Fellow Subjects: And therefore praying the House to repeal the Tax on lletail Shops, and to substitute, in lieu thereof, one that is more equal and impartial, as they shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Angltfey A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe-Koadtowards tition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the rean . Kingdoms of Great Band the Principality of (Tales, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Improvement of the great Road leading through the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, towards Ireland, is an Object of great public Importance, as it tends to facilitate the Intercourse between both Kingdoms; and that the Passage of Porthaethwy Ferry, over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, called The of

is frequently attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger, to Persons travelling with Mails and Dispatches between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass the said Ferry; and Representing to the House, That it appears, from the Opinions of several eminent Engineers, that a lafe, and convenient Timber Bridge may be erected across the said Streights, from the County of Carnarvon to the opposite Shore in the County of Anglesey, at or near the said Ferry, of l’uch Form and Construction as not to prevent the Passage of Ships and other Vessels navigated upon or through the said Streights; and, the erecting of a safe and convenient Bridge over the said Streights, and opening and making proper Roads from each End of the said Bridge, to join and communicate with the said great Road, w ill be of considerable Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to Travellers, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned by such Ways and Means, and in l'uch Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bayly, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kipping’s Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Cross Hoads, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley,

Horsmonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Idem Green, to the Turnpike Road on JVisley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to JVanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Person who ought to have given the Notices not knowing of the Standing Orders until the Time required for giving the Notices was elapsed; but that Notice of the intended Application t* Parliament had been affixed upon the Door of

06

the Sessions House for the said County, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions, and published in the Newspapers circulated in the said County Three Times in the Month of October last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Pope being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the respective Tolls by the said Act granted; that there now remains due upon the Credit of lolls authorized to be taken upon the First District of Roads by the said Act directed to lie repaired, the Sum of 2,300l., and upon the Second District of Roads, the Sum of 3,700 /.; that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that the Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act of the 5th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turn [like Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through

the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on JVilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Undet'den Green, in Marden aforesaid, to JVanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honyicood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom WadtiuHt, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in &c- ‘

Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty"s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, ‘through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Person who ought to have given the Notices not knowing of the Standing Orders until the Time required forgiving the same had elapsed; but that Notice of the intended Application to Parliament had been affixed upon the Doors of the Session Houses for the said Counties, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions, and published in the Newspapers circulated in the County of Kent Three Times in the Month of October last, and in the Newspapers circulated in the County of Sussex Twice in the Month of October, and Once in the Month of November last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And, /

Mr. John Pope said. That the Trustees for the Care of the said Road have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 3,000l. on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, and that the Money so borrowed

ftiU

%6 Geo. III. 130 Februarii. 201

(till remains due; that the Tolls collected upon the said Road are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that it was unanimously agreed by the Trustees, at a Meeting holden for that Purpose, that Application should be made to Parliament to continue the Term of the said Act, and to make a small Increase of some of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of JVad-hurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, and West

Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham, and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bond, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Conrad Meyer was presented to Meyer’s Nat. the House, and read; Praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Call do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts to Accounts which were presented to the House, upon Print*1' Tuesday and Wednesday last, by Mr. Pat on, from the Commissioners of Excise; by Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer; and, by Mr. Whitehead, from the Receiver General of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bray

IocloAire.

Wats Cross Roads.

West India Trade.

Worksop

Road.

Wareham, Arc. Roads.

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow, and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of the Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing *of the Roads from Wats Cross to Corvden, and from Seoenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Daw, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Quarterly Accounts transmitted by the Naval Officers of Ships, &c. entered and cleared in the British Islands in the West Indies, from the ift of October 1784, to the 1 ft of October 1785.

Together with a General Lift of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Damall, to the North-East End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stuart, Voi. 41.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Exporting regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland: And that HoP8- Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. „

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land L*nd Tax-Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain ®*alt,&c* Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order, Militia, a Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant February.

Mr. Gilbert prefeijted to the House, according to Rouge-Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont, moot’s, ire. and Lewis Guy: And the same was received; and read Nat' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Eighteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, including Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighteen 3 F thousand

Marine Forces.

Call of the House.

Kirkwall, Ac. Writ.

Ecclesiastical Courts.

Elections —

County

Voters.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Honiton

Ele&on.

202

13° — f4° — 15* Februarii.

A. 1786.

thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quefnon severally put thereupon, screed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, and Mr. Steward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over, upon this Day. Three Weeks, the 6th Day of March next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } »

f Mr. Gilbert, 1

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Michael 100.

{ Taylor: J

So it passed in the Negative.

The Right honourable Charles James For, being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, and also a Commissioner for the Distridfc of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, made his Election to serve for the said City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for tl.e electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District. of Burghs of Kirkwall, , Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, in the room of the said Right honourable Charles James Fox.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes: And that Mr. Bastard and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections: And that the Lord Mahon, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1786.

PRAYERS.

1

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of the undue Election and Return

3

of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Sir George Collier, for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Members to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require summoned, the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufi-nest of the House.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned;

And several Members returned upon new Writs Members having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the take 0atts' Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and One of the said Members being by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in such Account, and taken and subscribed the said Oath accordingly;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety Adjourn-Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow,

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ment.

Mercurii, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1786.

Praters.

c%0 H N Henry Rougemont and Guy took the J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Honiton the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto Elertlun-subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Sir George Collier, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Members to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require summoned, the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty*four Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Honiton Counsel and Agents for the said Sir George Yonge, Election. Baronet, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Sir George Collier, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Members respedkivdy informed the House, that they were different Parties, and that their Canvas at the Election had been separate; that they had had no Communication in preparing their Defence; and that the said Sitting Members, with respect to this Cause, were perfect Strangers to each other; and that, upon the whole, the Interests of the Sitting Members being distinct and separate from each other, they therefore desired to separate in their Defence; to which no Objection being made by the Counsel for the Petitioners, the

House

26 Geo. III. i c° Fsbrua

House proceeded to the Appointment q{ the said Selefit Committee, as in the Cate of there being more than Two Parties, on <liltin& Interests, before the House,

TIm'ii the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Eighteen Members, then present were drawn, who were not objeQad to.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Select Committee, that there are various Matters, of public Business to which be is required to attend, and which, he apprehends, cannot be delayed without great Inconvenience to the Public; and the Substance of what was lo alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, in Manner before mentioned, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, the Qpinioiv of the House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (in relpefit of what he has now alledged and verified) be excused from serving on the said Select Committee; which being agreed to by the House, be was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Bomber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Selefit Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Talile verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then prefect, were drawn, who were not objected to.

JVote, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn and let aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they bad before verified upon Oath; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return.

And the w hole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or let alide, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents withdrew’.

Sir Joseph Maicbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trutiees for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Newington, Saint

George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Black Friars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

Vol. 41.

complied with; apdthqtCqmqaittee hpd examinqd, tfaft.. Matter of the said. Petition,; and had directed him to* report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the H,ouse and he read the Report, in, his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wa| read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* the said A thswere read: And,

Mr. Thomas Swabey, Junior, Clerk to the Trttftees, being examined, laid, That they have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and that the Sum Qf 12,500 L borrowed upon the Credit of the; Tolls, fiilk remains due, and cannot be repaid, unlefe the Term tfod Powers of the said Acts be enlarged.

That the Road leading from Westminster to-

wards Kensington Common might be rendered much more sese and commodious, if a certain Boilding called The Bun House, and certain other Premisses, ltd-joining at Symond’s Comer, were taken down, and the.

Sites thereof and Part of the Yard contiguous, were laid into the Road — That it would also be a great. Improvement to the same Road, if Part of a Garden. 011 the East Side of The Crown Alehouse, and also Part of the Fore-courts or Gardens in the Front of Chinch Terrace, and also Part of a Garden belonging to the laid China Terrace and Walcot Fleece, were laid into the said Road.

That the Road from the Well End of Mount Bern, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Black Friars Bridge Road near The Magdalen Hospital, might be made much more safe and useful, if the same was widened and put under the Direct ion and Controul of the Trustees for the above-mentioned Acts.

That it would be a great Convenience to the Public, if a new Road was laid out and made in a Line from Lambeth Marsh Street through a Garden in the Occupation of William Garford, entering the Parish of Christ Church, near The Old Halfpenny Hatch, and from thence continued into the Road leading from Black Friars Bridge to The Circus in George's,

a little nearer to the said Bridge than Charlotte Street.

And the Witness added, That the Two lait-mentioned Iioads will require lighting and watching.- — Then,

Henry Bunn, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence, respefiting the great Convenience and Utility of the said Hoads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Ileign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, , Saint

George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Black Friars to Ncivington, and

a Place called The Dock and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for widening certain Parts of the said Roads, leading from Westminster Bridge towards Kensington Common; for ameoding, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Roio, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Black Friars Bridge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital-, and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street aforesaid, into the said Black Friars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road: And that Sir Joseph M(tw-bey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

o,

A Rill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Ad-meaforeruent of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the

Coal Trade.

Great

Grimlbjr

Hoad.

Little

Smeaton

Inelofare.

Dunstable

Road.

264 15° Februariu 1786.

the several Parishes lying between Putney and

hithe, both inclusive, in toe County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in toe Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called The Upper " Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns " Farm to The Mill Field, in the Parito of Irby, in the County of Lincoln," and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on toe Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress has been made in repairing and widening the Roads described in the said Act, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied to the Purposes of the said Act; and that the said Act is defective, and further Provisions and Regulations are necessary, and the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and toe Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, the Money borrowed on the Credit of the former Act, which is full owing, cannot be repaid, nor the Roads described in the said Act continue to be properly repaired and widened: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it toall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Long, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, within the Towntoip, of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, and West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Towntoips, several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Sotheron do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Grimston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentleman, Freeholders, and Stamford others, of the County of Northampton, was presented to Baron Roadl* the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Saint Martin's Church, in Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, to Worthorp, Duddington, Bud-wick, Weldon, Geddington, Weekley, Kettering, Broughton, and several Paritoes and Places, to the Way Post at the Tpp of Abbington Street, in the Town of Northampton, in the said County of Northampton, is in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in feme Places, and cannot be amended and kept in sufficient Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening toe above-mentioned Road, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it toall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Langham, Mr.

Powys, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Cromford the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Bridge Road, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Brimington, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- &c- Road* jesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Brimington " and Chesterfield, in toe County of Derby, over The " High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Sir William Codrington, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, Briftnl Bridge to whom the Petition of a Committee of Trustees aild Streets, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River , in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

26 Geo. III. 150 Februarii. 205

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:'Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Symons, Esquire, being examined, feud, That the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution have, by virtue of the Trulls reposed in them, built a new Bridge called Bristol Bridge, over the said River Avon, and have opened certain Streets and Places leading thereto — That the present Passage from the said Bridge to Temple Street, in the said City, being the Road from Bristol towards Bath, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and it would be of great public Utility if the Trustees were empowered to make and open a proper Way and Passage from the said Bridge to Temple Street aforesaid. — And, he added. That the Quorum of Trustees has, by Experience, been found to be too large, and some other Alterations and additional Powers are wanting, more effectually to answer the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City: And that Sir William Codrington, Mr. Cruger, and Mr. Brickdale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

TewVelbuiy A Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

Paving. watching the Streets, I.anes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of for Removal

of present and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Great A Petition of the several Personi whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, " and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near " Great Torrington, in the County of Devon," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprised in the said Act, in doing which the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; and that the Money so borrowed frill remains due, and the said Roads cannot be completely amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it stall appear to them, to the House:

Vox., 4J.

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Exporting a Bill to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ire- Hops. land: And the same was received;'and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, 'fhat the Petition of the Shop Tax. Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this In-llant February, complaining of the Act passed in the last Seffiort of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops withid Great Britain, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said Petition.

Ordered, That the several other Petitions, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, complaining of the said Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. North presented to the House, according to Dover Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Harbour. Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, by His Trade with Majesty’s Command, America.

A Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for regulating the Trade and Intercourse between Great Britain and the United States of America; and also, between His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America and The West Indies, and the said United States, dated 8th April 1785-

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Supply Rill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of ^and Tax* the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Supply Bill; certain Dufies upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, Malt, &c. for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read & Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

3 G resolve

Shop Tax.

Marine Forces.

Naval Half Pay.

Weltje’s, &c. Nat.

Honiton

Election.

I r regularity in lUlul.

206 150 Febrtiarii. ry86.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ujxm delivered at the Door’ thereof} upon the Day appointed the said Bill. for the Ballot for establishing of the' Judicature td try

Indian Delinquents, and stated by the Door-keeper' to A Petition of the Inhabitants and Shopkeepers re- be a List for that Purpose; siding in the City of New Sarum, was presented to the A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, poled, That Mi". Joseph Pearson, the Dobf-keeper, be although much less able to contribute to the Exigen- now called in’to the Bar, to be examined in relation cies of the State than the Merchant, Manufacturer, thereto.

Wholesale Dealer, or Banker, do contribute thereto

in a much greater Proportion; and that feme of the The Thirteen Members, beford mentioned, being re- Honiton late Taxes unavoidably fall on the Petitioners, al- turned to the House, the said Cohhlel and Agents were ^ect*ott" though not intended by Government, and the Tax on again called in to the Bkt.

Retail Shops they conceive to be a partial and addi- And the Clerk appointed to attend the' said Select tional House Tax; and that, from the public Situa- Committee informed the House, That the said' Thirteen tion of the Petitioners Houses, they t\re subject to Members had, by themselves, chbfen Sir William Uolbeti, very heavy Parochial and Government Taxations, and Baronet, and Thomas Berrky Bratnstoh, Esquire, to serve the Petitioners presume, a Tax upon the Servants of on the said Select Committee.

Traders, of all Descriptions, excepting such as are And the Names of the Ibid.Sit William Dolberi, employed in Manufactories, would operate much Bafonet, and Thomas Esquire, were

more to the Advantage of Government, and ujpre added to the said Lift of Thirteen Members, equally on the Trader: And therefore praying, That And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Com-the House will take the Subject of their Petition into mitte^ for trying the Merits of the said Petition, of the Consideration, and repeal the A Cl imposing a Tax on Persons whole Names Ate thefeunto fiibscribed. Electors Shops. of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Honiton, in the County of Dbvoii, now taken into Con-Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to sideration, were sworn by thC Clerk at the Table in the whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City usual Manner.

of London, is referred. And thereupon the Counsel and Agents with-

draw.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Ordered, That the Ibid.Select Committee do meet Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers,

Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; appointed for he&rttg the Trials of controverted and read the First Time. Elections.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was mbved, That so much of an Act, Ballot for Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the ma(je in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His East India Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regu- Jud, cature* to the House, pursuant to their Order, " Iation and Management of the Affairs of the East

A Lift of the Captains on the Ten and Eight Shilling " Company, ' and of the British PossessionS in

Lift of the Half Pay of the Navy. " India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for

And the Title of the said Lift was read. " the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to " of Offences committed in The East Indies,’' as relates be perused by the Members of the House. to the Appointment of Members of the House of Com-

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers mons in order to the constituting, in Part, the said Court of this Session. of Judicature, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And it being after Four of the Clock in the After-for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayers- noon; ,

bach, was read a Second Time. A Member present required that the Doors of the Doors

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, House should be locked. locked.

Mr. Hermiker, See.: And they are to meet this And the same being locked accordingly;

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One

Chamber. hundred and Seventy Members only being found to be present; ,

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being The Doors of the House were opened.

again returned to . the Bar, the Clerk appointed to Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms dp go with the Members

attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the Mace into the Speaker’s Chamber, the Court of Re- sum, noned' House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by quests, and Places adjacent, and iummon the Members the said Council in his Presence, together with a new there to attend the Service of the House.

Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remain- And he went accordingly,

ing unstruck; which last-mendoned Lift was read; and And being returned;

is as follows: A Member present required that the Doors of for

Sir Joseph Mcrwbey, Baronet, Hans Wintrop Marti-House should be again locked. mer, Esquire, Henry Addington, Esquire, Sir Edward And foe same being locked accordingly;

Astley, Baronet, William Pochin, Esquire, Sir William The House was again counted by Mr. Speaker, and Mansel, Baronet, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, John Two hundred and One Members being found to be Call, Esquire, John Hill, Esquire, John Smyth, Esquire, present;

the Honourable William Grimston, Robert Nicholas, The Names of the Members were called over by the Esquire, Clement Tudway, Esquire. , Return Book, and such Members as appeared delivered

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members imme- in Lifts at the Table, of the Names of Members, in diately withdrew. pursuance of the Directions of the said Act.

And the said Counsel and Agents also w ithdrew. Ordered, That the said Lilts be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the fame, and report Complaint being made to the House, of a List of to the House the Name of every Member whose Name the Names of Members of this House having been shall appear on Twenty of the said Lifts.

And

6 III. 15* — xfcFebrnarii.

Orders of the Day.

Ways and Means.

Sopply.

Ilchester

EJedion.

And they are referred1 to Esquire,

William Young, Esquire, John Calf, Esquire,

Steele, Esquire, John Smyth, Esquire.

And they withdrew immediately into Mr. Speaker's Private Room.

And after some Time Mr. reported from,

the said Committee, That the Committee had' examined the said Lifts, and had’ directed him to report, to the House, the Name of every Member; whole Name appeared on Twenty of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethviz.

Francis Annesley, Esquire, Sir Astley, Baronet, Henry Bankes, Esquire, John Barrington, Esquire

John Pollevfen Bastard, Esquire,. Henry Beaujay, Esquire, Thomas Bemey Bramston Esquire, Charles Brandling Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, John Blackbume, Esquire, I.ord Frederick Campbell, Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton, Baronet, Sir William Ba-

ronet, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Henry Dun-comb, Esquire, Sir Archibald Baronet,

William Egerton, Esquire, Sir Adam Baronet,

Joshua Grigby, Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, the-

Lord Viscount Grimstm, Sir Richard Hill, Baronet, Sir Ilarbord Harbord, Baronet, John James,

Esquire, Arthur Holdsworth, Esquire, John Galley-Knight, Esquire; William Lygon, Esquire, Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Sir James Langham, Baronet, Sir Edward Littleton, Baro-

net, Thomas Muster, Esquire, William Macdmvell, Esquire, Riclwrd Slater M Esquire, the Lord

Muncaster, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Henry Peirse, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Henry James Pye, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, William Morton Esquire, John Rolle,

Esquire, Sir John Rous, Baronet, the Honourable Frederick Robinson, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet, Walter Sneyd, Esquire, Charles Loraine Smith, Esquire, John Smyth, Esquire, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet; Philip York Esquire.

And then the Doors of the House were opened.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into *a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-monrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

J&cis, l6® die Februarii;

Atrtio 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786. PttAYfeRe.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire; and also tile Petition <of Samuel SmUh, Esquire, John Pear-ton, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gerrtlemat^ John Fudge, Senior, George Haroey, and George Brooks, Electors of

Vo i. 41.

the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf themselves and others, Electors oft the ' said Borough) complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being, come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment' of a.

Select Committee to try a#Kl determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The. Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker Memi>er» to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require, bunmaned. the immediate Attendance; of the M-emUe#>, on the.

Business of the House.

And lie went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seven Members; being, found toi be. present;

The CounfeT and Agents on. hath Sides were called in to the Bar.

Aud the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the Cud Petitions into Consideration.

And the fiime being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Member of the House were,-by the Clerk, taken, out of the Box (w hich had been before prepared) and put into- Six G ladles, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the ufoal Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Peter Johnstone, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said' SeleCfc Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Name of One other Member, then, present* was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he again stated to the House die tikq Rcalons which he had offered to the House Yesterday; and he was epccufed accordingly.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then pm-sent, were drawn, who were not objected to-

And the Name of John Anstruther, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-two other Members, their present, were Drawn, who were nut objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Three, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining' of an undue Election and Return; and Six, on Account of their then fervid 90 Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And tbie Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

The Lard Mahon presented to the House, according Election*- — to Order, a Bill for the better iecuiing the Rights of County Voters at County Elections: And the same was re- oters’ ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed-

A Petition

208 i 6°Februarii. A, 1786.

Narberth, A Petition of William Knox, Esquire, Lord of the ftc.inclosore. several Manors of N, Molletton, Robes ton Wathan, Caneston, Newton, and Netohouse, situate in the Parishes of Robestone

and Newton, in the County of Pembroke, the Right honourable Richard Baron Milford, of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable William Baron Kensington, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the several Persons whole Names are thereunder written. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manors, entitled to Right of Common upon several Parcels of Waste Grounds within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, and ton, within the said Parish of Narberth, and within the Manors of Robestone Wathan and Caneston, within the said Parish of Robetstone Wathan, in the said County of Pembroke, on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said several Manors, entitled to Right of Common upon the said several Parcels of Waste Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor of Narberth, large Parcels of Waste Grounds, called Narberth Forest, and Narberth Mountain, containing together 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts, and within the said Manor of Templeton a large Parcel of Waste Ground called Templeton Mountain, containing 700 Acres, or thereabouts, and within the Manor of MoUeston, in the said Parish of Narberth, a large Parcel of Waste Ground called Molleston Mountain, containing 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and there is also, within the said Manor of Robestone Wathan, a large Parcel of Waste Ground, called Robestone Grove, containing 50 Acres, or thereabouts, over which said several Parcels of Waste Grounds the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors aforesaid, are entitled to Right of Common: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Parcels of Waste Grounds in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill,

Kurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. WilbrahamBootle and the Lord Westcote do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Gibraltar The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Prises. Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to explain,

" amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

" intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of " the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for the destroying " certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the " Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s " Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War * belonging to the Enemy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Sir George Howard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kipping’s Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Cross Roads. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Kent, through the Paritlies of Brenchley, Horsemonden, and Goudnurst, by the Left-Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Green, in

the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in

Marden aforesaid, to Wonshutt's Green, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Masham presented to the House, according to Wadhurst, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of &c*Road* an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the read leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent’, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden,

Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom wisbeach, the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying &c. Roads, into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the " Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's " Fields and The Bell Im in Wisbeach, in the Isle of " Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in Walsoken, in the " County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge (ly*

" ing over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The " Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islingtoti, and from " thence to the West Ends of Maudling Bridge and " German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and " from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to " the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the " Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of " Norfolk i and from Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys " Wash, in the said County," and of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Case, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, and that there is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof, the Principal Sum of 8,400l. — That the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and that the Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term is further continued: And the Witness added, that it is necessary feme Alterations and Amendments should be made to the said Act, and particularly that it is proposed to take away feme of the Exemptions from Toll by the said Act granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Me of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk, and from Walsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maud* tin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the' County of

Norfolk,

2 6 Geo. III. 1Februariu

209

Norfolk, and from the East End of Germans Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and from aforesaid to Cross Keys

Wash, in the said County: And that Mr. Sir

Edward Astley, and Sir John Wodehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

C’romfurd An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Bruise of un Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His

UOaJ' present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge, in

the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Pow ers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Hoad leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

reat Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the

Torrmgton Petition of the several Persons whole Names are there-00 ’ unto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping " in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas May being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in doing which the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, have been duly expended — That the Money borrowed {till remains due, and the said Roads cannot be completed unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual — That the present Income of the Tolls being very inadequate to the Repair of the Whole of the Roads comprised in the said Act, it is proposed to make feme Addition to the Tolls, and to discharge the Trustees from the Care of that Part of the Road which leads from GammatonMoor to Cranford Moor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great

rington, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Rolle, and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mwiny and Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-britition. ing Order, a Bill for punching M utiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Tirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liverpool A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Streets &c. Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in Com Vo l. 41.

mon Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That several of the public Streets, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, are narrow and incommodious, and occasion great Inconvenience and Danger to the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near those Streets, and to Persons and Carriages passing through the fame, and prove a great Prejudice and Hindrance to the Dispatch of Trade and Commerce carried on in the said Town; and that the said Inconveniences and Danger might be very much remedied, and the Ease, Safety, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, greatly secured, if Power was given to widen, enlarge, and alter the said narrow Streets,

Passages, and Places, and to open and lay out new Streets and Passages, and for those Purposes to purchase the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, which may, from Time to Time, be deemed necessary; and that the present Mode of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with fresh W'ater, by Water Carts, is attended with considerable Inconvenience, which might be remedied if Power W'as given to dig for, and collect Springs within or near to the Liberties of the said Town, and to convey the Water by Pipes or Aque-dufts, into the several Streets and Passages of the Town, for the Use of the Inhabitants, and, such Mode of conveying Water into the said Town would alfe be particularly useful in the extinguishing of Fires which might happen to Buildings or Shipping in the Paid Town; and that it would also tend greatly to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Towm, if Power was given to remove, and prevent in future, all Nuisances in or near the Streets, Passages, and other Places in the said Town, as also to aiter the Levels of several of such Streets, Passages, and Places, and to alter and amend the present and make new- Common Sewers, and to appropriate particular Places in the said Town to the Purpose of additional public Markets, and also if the several Clauses and Powers contained in an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, respecting the Hackney Coachmen,

Chairmen, Carters, Carmen, and Porters of the said Town, were extended to a reasonable Distance beyond the Liberties of the Town into the County of Lancaster: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, the Lord Penrhyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rectors of the New Church and Liverpool Parochial Chapel of Livetpool, and of the Parishioners, Church, &c. Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That by an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, for enabling the Town of Liverpool to build and endow a Church, and for making the said Town and Liberties thereof a Parish of itself, distinct from ffalton, it is enacted, that the Borough, Town, Township, and Lilierties of Liverpool, should for ever be a distinct Parish, and be divided from the said Parish of Walton,

3 II and

iio i 6°Februarii. . 1786'.

Liverpool and from the Cure of the Rector and Vicar thereof, and Church, &c. ^eir Successors, and discharged of all Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Books, and other Parochial Duties, and that the Inhabitants of Liverpool should build a new Church,. and provide and inclose a Church Yard about the fame, and also Ground, and build a House or Houses, and make a Garden or Gardens, for the Rector or Rectors of the said Church and Parochial Chapel there, and that the said Church and Church Yard should be the Parish Church and Church Yard of Liverpool, and that there should be Two Rectors of the said Town and Parish of Liverpool, with a perpetual Succession, the one for the said new Church, and the other for the said Parochial Chapel, who should be incorporated, and enjoy all Tythes, Offerings, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Benefits and Advantages within the same Town and Liberties, as the Rector and Vicar of Walton had, or ought to have, enjoyed within the same, and also the said Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, for their Habitation; and it was thereby further enacted, that, for erecting the said new Church, and House or Houses, and providing Grounds for the same respectively, and the Requisites in and about the fame, as therein mentioned, such Sums as shall be competent to accomplish the Premises, not exceeding 4,000l. should be raised in Manner therein mentioned, and that such a Yearly Rate, or Assessment, should be made and raised, within the same Town and Liberties, for the Use of the Rectors of Liverpool, as should, with the Tythes due to them, amount to 200/ Yearly, at the least; and that, ever since the passing of the said Act, the Sum of 200l. hath been Annually raised as aforesaid, for the Use of, and paid to, the Rectors of Liverpool, including the 'Tythes mentioned in the said Act to be due to them, but not any Satisfaction hath been made them for the Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Books, and other Parochial Duties by the said Act directed to be enjoyed by them, neither hath any House or Garden been built or made for their Use, but, in lieu thereof, they have received 10/. a Year each, the said,000l. having been expended in building the said Parish Church, so that the Petitioners have not Powfer to raise Money for building and making of any Houses or Gardens, or to make Satisfaction to the Rectors for the said Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Books, Offerings, and other Ecclesiastical Duties payable to them, without the Aid of Parliament; and that, in the Year 1718, the said Parochial Chapel was enlarged, by building a new Gallery, and erecting divers Seats therein, at the Expence of the Corporation of Liverpool, by virtue of a Faculty obtained from the Ordinary of the ttiocefe of Chester, and the Profits of the said Seats were direfited to be applied to the Use of the said Rectors, but, if they should thereafter infill upon Houses, in that same the Corporation were impowered to set and take the Profits of the said Seats, until they should be reimbursed the Charge of making the said Enlargement and building the said Gallery and Seats, and the Rectors of- Liverpool, from the Time of obtaining the said Faculty, have let and received the Profits of the said Seats, as the Petitioners, the present Rectors, now do; and that the said Town of Liverpool, since the making of the said Act, hath exceedingly' increased in Extent and Population, and all the Stipends, Salaries, and Provisions hitherto provided for the said Re6tors (including the Surplice Fees) are a very inadequate and insufficient Provision for the Rectors of so large a mercantile Town and populous Parish as Liverpool (where Provisions and all other Necessaries of Life are fb very dear) the whole Amount thereof to the present Re6tors not having ever exceeded the clear Annual Sum of 213 /. for each of them; and that, at the public Annual and General Vestry, held for the same Parish; 01

according to constant UTage, and agreeably to the Directions of the said Act, on Eas Tuesday last, the Parishioners of Liverpool, in Vestry assembled, declared it to be their Opinion, that the Income of the Petitioners, the Rectors, was inadequate, and ought to be increased, and resolved, that the Sum of 200l. a Year (that is to say, 100l. each) should be added to the Rectors Income, in lieu of all Claims of Tythes, Oblation.-, Obventions, Mortuaries, and all other Ecclesiastical Benefits which they claimed to be entitled to, but which they did not then enjoy, and that Parliament should be applied to for an Act more effectually to secure the same to them and their Successors, and that the said 100l. a Year each should be raised by a Tax upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses, except such as were under the Yearly Value of 5/.: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution and confirming the said Order of Vestry, and veiling the Right of the said Seats, and also the Yearly additional Income of 100l. each, in the Petitioners, the Rectors, and their Successors, for ever, in lieu of all Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, and all other Ecclesiastical Rights whatsoever (the usual Surplice Fees excepted) in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, the Lord Penrhyn, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at.Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Liverpool Common Council of the Corporation of Liverpool, in Church, &c> the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by a Petition of the Rectors of the new Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool, and of the Parish ioners, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, Leave is prayed to bring in a Bill for vetting in the said Rectors, and their Successors, for ever, the Right of certain Seats in the said Parochial Chapel, and for adding 100l. a Year to the Income of each of the said Rectors, and their Successors, for ever, in lieu of all Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, and all other Ecclesiastical Rights (the usual Surplice Fees excepted) in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House should seem meet; and that the Patronage, Advowson, or Presentation of and to the said Church and Parochial Chapel, belongs to and is vetted in the Petitioners, and, as such Patrons, the Petitioners do give their full Assent and Consent to the Matter of the said Petition: And therefore praying the House to grant the Prayer of the same Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Debtor* thereunto subscribed, Prisoners in the Cattle of York, in Petitions, the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the poor and distressed Debtors confined in the Prison of Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

Pritish

luheries.

Exportation of Hay.

Hchester

Election.

Irregularity in lioJlot*

16 Geo. III. 16° Februariu ait

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most jefTeftual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

.And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Dempster, Lord Frederick , Mr.

Mr. Drake, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Alderman Hammet, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Mustei', Sir Adam Ferguson, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Browne, Sir John Jervis, Mr. Daniel teney, Mr. Johnes, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Strutt, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Punruddocke; and all the Mcmliers who serve for North Britain, and all the Merchants, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act: And that Sir Robert Smyth and Mr. Drake, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Scleft Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lilt of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift; the Names of Peter Johnstone and John Esquires,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Dalhousie JVatherston, Esquire, Philip Metcalf, Esquire, Robert Thornton, Esquire, Philip Esquire, Sir Charles Preston, Baronet John Kynaston, Esquire, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet William Smith, Esquire, John Nicholls, Esquire, Lionel Dayrell, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Barne Barne, Esquire, Richard Master, Esquire, Peter Johnstone, Esquire, John Anstruther, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, and also the Petition, of Samuel Smith, Esquire, John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge, Senior, George,

and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Complaint being made to the House, that a List of the Names of Members of this House had been Yesterday delivered at the Door of this House, upon the Day appointed for establishing the Judicature to try Indian Delinquent', and stated, by the Door-keeper, to be a List for that Purpose;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Joseph Pearson, the Door-keeper, be now called in to the Bar, to be examined in relation to the said Complaint;

Vol. 41.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr n r i [The Lord Maitland, 1 _

Tellers for the Yeas, Jma Enhm j 38.

Tellers for the Noes, j£!£ick} '38-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. Board for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, fortifying that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to order the Uock Names and Appointment of the Board of Land and Sea Officers, stated in the Copy of an Estimate laid before this House by His Majesty’s Direction, to have been appointed under His Majesty’s Royal Authority, to investigate and report to His Majesty on the proper Syftern of Defence, and on the Expediency and Efficacy of the proposed Plans for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth , and the Instructions given to, and the Report of the said Board, lb far as the said Instructions and Report, or any Part thereof, can in the Judgment or Discretion of His Majesty, be communicated to this House, consistently with the strictest Regard to the public Safety.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addresses His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously respecting pleased to rive Orders, that there be laid before this Fortification House a Copy of a Letter from the Right honour- Yard*! able Lord Sydney, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to his Grace the Duke of Richmond, Matter General of the Ordnance, bearing Date the 8th April 1785, appointing his Grace President of the Board of Land and Sea Officers for investigaling and reporting to His Majesty on the proper System of Defence, and the Expediency and Effioacy of the Plans which have been proposed for better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and;

also, a Copy of a Circular Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney to the Land Officers, and from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Naval Officers, appointed Members of the said Board; also, such Extracts from the Instructions, under His Majesty’s Signet and Sign Manual, bearing Date the 13th Day of April 1785, to the Duke of Richmond, President of the said Board, and from the Report made to His Majesty by the said Board, bearing Date the 24th June 1785, as may appear to His Majesty not improper to be communicated to the House, consistently with the strictest Regard to the public Safety.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Orders that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Estimates of the Engineers at Portsmouth, Gosport, and Plymouth, for New Works, and Repairs and Improvements of Old Works, at the said Places, delivered by them to the Board of Land and Sea Officers appointed by His Majesty to investigate and Report to His Majesty on the proper System of Defence, and the Expediency and Efficacy of the Plans which have been proposed for better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth; also. Copy of the Report of the Committee of Engineers at The Tower to the said Board, on the Estimates of the said Engineers at , Gos-

port, and Plymouth.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Sir Robert Smyth presented to the House, according Exportation to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made In the of

last

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Supply Bill Malty See.

Answer to Addresses.

Shop Tax.

212 i6° — 170 Februarii, A. 1786.

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of " Hay And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid-to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 17° die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii I1PU Regis, 1786. Praters.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Orders, that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Retail Shopkeepers in the City of Lincoln, as well on Behalf of themselves, as the other Shopkeepers resident in that City, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Tax on Retail Shops, imposed in the last Sessions of Parliament, has, in every Respect, the Effects of such a Taxation as the Man of Wealth, who lives without Business, and even the most opulent Merchant, and Wholesale Dealer, are not in the least Degree chargeable with; and that a Tax laid upon any specific Article comes in the first Instance to the Trader, forms Part of his Prime Colt, and the Consumer pays it when he purchases the Commodity; but this Tax being afleifed by the Rent of the House, is precisely the same in Operation with the House Tax, and all other Taxes collected by Pound Rate, which never has, in any One Instance, been laid on the Consumer; and that, as the Petitioners have, at all Times, cheerfully paid their Quota to the Exigencies of the State, and are ever willing to bear their proportional Part of any necessary Burthen which may be laid on the whole Community, to the Extent. of their Abilities, they therefore hope the House will take this Petition under their most

serious Consideration, and repeal an Act so universally abnoxious and opprdfive to every Description of Retail Traders.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Shop Tax. thereunto subscribed. Retail Shopkeepers in the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and all Retail Shopkeepers throughout the Kingdom, are by no Means in a State of Opulence to be marked out by the Legislature of their Country as the foie Objt fts of Taxation, burthensome from its Amount, and in the highest Degree partial, from which the most wealthy and independent Part of the Community are wholly exempt; and that the Tax on Retail Shops, imposed in the last Session of Parliament, has, in every Hefpcft, the Etft ft of such a

Taxation as the Man of Wealth, who lives without Business, and even the opulent Merchant and Wholesale Dealer are not in the least Degree chargeable with; and that the Petitioners cannot transfer the Burthen of the Shop Tax on the Consumer of the

Commodity, as alledged by its Advocates (which may be the same when a Tax is laid on any Article of Trade) and by that means render it general, but must bear the whole Burthen of it personally, as an additional House Tax; wherefore, as the Petitioners have, at all Times, cheerfully paid their Quota to the Exigencies of the State, and are ever willing to bear their proportional Part of any neccflury Burthen which may be laid on the whole Community, to the Extent of their Abilities, they pray the House will take this Petition under their most serious Consideration, and repeal an Act so universally obnoxious and oppressive to every Description of Retail Tradesmen.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers residing in the Ditto.

City of Gloucester, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel themselves greatly aggrieved by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, imposing a Tax upon Retail Shops, which is in its Consequence a partial Increase of the House Tax, upon a particular Class of the Community, who, from the Nature of their Business, are under the Necessity of having Shops in public Situations, where Rents, and consequently the House Tax thereon, are, exclusive of this additional Impost, very high; and that the Tax complained of not being a Tax upon any specific Articles, cannot be raised upon the Consumer, by Advance of the Price of any Articles in which the Petitioners deal, and consequently the Weight of this great and heavy Burthen must fall on the Petitioners only, in respect of their Dwellings, whilst their more opulent Neighbours are exempt from any proportional Burthen for the public Service, and it will therefore operate as a Tax upon the Industry of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Hardthip of their same into Consideration, and that the Act of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Retail Shops, within Great Britain, may be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be le erred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, is referred.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom, Crewkern. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Kl,acts> of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crew kerne, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read

the

26 Geo. III.

170 Februarii.

215

Debtors Petition.

Christopher-Ton’s Nat,

Clitheroe

Inclosure.

Oddington

Inclosure.

Upper Wallop, &c. fodofure.

Liverpool

Road.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Gaol, in the County of Somerset,~\n Behalf of themselves

and others, and those Fugitives beyond Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Henry -topherson, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Christopher son.

Ordered, That Mr. Phtlips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lister presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the through or Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster: Aud the' same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Portsmouth, Lord of the Manors of Upper Wallop, Hursbourh Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton, and Proprietor of divers Lands lying in the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursboum Pryors, and Tufton, aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, Owners of, or otherwise interested in; the said Common Fields, Common. Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the said Parishes, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, Th&t there are, within the said Parishes, divers Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any' great Improvement, but would be much improved,‘and rendered of greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the fame- were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within* the said several Parishes, with such Powers, and in such Manner, as to* the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Lethieullier do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the Vol. 41.

County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, in the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, is contained a Clause, which, amongst other Things, gives Power to the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause any of the Turnpikes now standing across the Road leading from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpool, to the Bridge at the South End of Aughton Street, within the Town of Ormskirk, and also across the Road leading from the House now or late of Edward Smith, situate near the North End'of Burscough Street, in Ormskirk aforesaid, to a Place called The Fishergate Toll Bars, within the Town of Preston aforesaid, to be removed to, and erefcled across, any other Part of the said Roads; and that, if the said Clause be in its present State passed into a Law, it will impower the Trustees to lay a very grievous, unjust, and unequal Burthen upon the Inhabitants of the said Town of Liverpoil, in respect to the Payment of the Tolls for Repair of the said Roads:

And therefore praying, That the said Clause, so far as it gives, the said general and unlimited Power to the Trustees for Removal of the present Turnpikes on the said Roads, may not be passed into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-fel, against that Part of the same Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Bray Common Fields, a Common Meadow’, and Common Inclosure. Paftuce, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye,

Mr. Popham, 8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Itouge-Lewis Guy, was read a Second Time. mont’s, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, a '

Mr. Ord, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of Two Acts, of the Wats Croft Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far Roads-as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Soulhborough, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Nercnham presented to the House, ac- Pawn* cording to Order, a Bill for making perpetual an Act, brokers, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or " attempt to attain, Possession of Goods, or Money,

" by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption " of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in "'Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants,

" and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the

31 easy

Newc&ftle

«nd*r»Lyn#

Roads.

Meyer's Nat.

Worksop

Road.

Bristol Bridge and Streets.

214 170 Februarii* . 1786.

ealy Redemption of Goods pawned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Ssecond Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of " Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under " in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road " leading from JVoor to Chnear the Town of " Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the Powers of the said Act into Execution, and have caused great Part of the said Roads to be repaired, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, with Interest, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further1 continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John JVrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer: And the same were received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Aston, Handsworth, and Darnallto the North East End

of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins die Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That a Bill be committed to Mr. Wither-force, Mr. Duncombe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Codrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Land Tax in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Malt their Order,

An Account of the Net Money paid into the Exchequer on the Land Tax and Malt Duties, for Ten Years; ending Christmas 1775.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for die Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of> this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Account*, Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to c’ the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the probable Resources and Disburse- ' ments of the Bengal Government, from 30th April 1785 to the lit May 1786: And also,

A State of the Bonded Debt due by the East India Company, at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively: And also,

A State of the Arrears due in the several Departments of Government, and of the Orders on the several Treasuries issued and remaining unpaid at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Scant George, and Bombay, respectively.

Together with a List of the said Estimate and States.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and States do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate and States be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Estimate and States are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Trustees for puttingin Execution NewMaltoa an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Road' present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Old Mahon Gate, in the Town.and Borough of New Malton, , to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for performing the Trusts by the said Act granted, several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road compleated and kept ip Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-’ mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burke, Mr. Drake, And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine; of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have*

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Duty on thereunder written, Manufactuoers of Gloves in the Gloves-City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; getting forth, That the Stamp Duty upon

Gloves

a 6 Geo. III.

17* Fbruarti.

215

Adjourn-

ment*

Gloves hath been highly oppressive end injurious to that valuable Branch of British Manufacture, which has, for many Years, been the Support of upwards of 10,000 poor People in the said City and As Environs, chiefly Women and Children, great Numbers of whom are now out of Employment, through a general and distressing Stagnation of their Trade since the Operation of the Tax, which the Petitioners conceive will not produce much real and permanent Advantage to the Revenue, inasmuch as 'the Amount of the several Imposts upon Leather, and other Raw Materials contained in the said Manufactory, will be reduced in Proportion to the Decrease of the Consumption of the manufa3ured Article: And the Petitioners therefore hope and trust, That, by a Consideration of the above weighty Reasons, the House will be convinced of the Necessity of repealing the Stamp Duty upon Gloves, which fb materially injures a Branch of Manufacture, great Part of the Value of which arises from the Expence of Manufacturing, and consequent Employ of the Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Exportation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for die House of Hay. jq refiiive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the Said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report* to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bin, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

American The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Trade. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Infiruments from being required from Ships belonging to " the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the " Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majestys Dominions, and " the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to

" the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respe3 to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Arts, for a Time to be limited': And that Mr. Jenkmson, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Infiru3ion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year

1784, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1786.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire3ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Captain Twiss, Se- Pap* cretary to the Board' of Land and Sea Officers, attended p5ruficauott» at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- at Dock-fented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His yards. Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to his Gtacfe the Duke of Richmond, Master General of the Ordnance, bearing Date the 8th April

1785, appointing his Grace President of the Board of

Land and Sea Officers, for investigating and reporting to His Majesty on the ptOper System of Defence, and the Expediency and Efficacy of the Flans which have been proposed, for better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth; also, a Copy of a Circular

Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney to the Land Officers, and from Mr. Stephens, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to the Naval Officers, appointed Members of the said Board; also, such Extracts from the Instru3ions, under His Majesty’s Signet and Sign Manufel, bearing Date the 13th Day of April I/85, to the Duke of Richmond, President of the said Board, and from the Report made to His Majesty by the said Board, bearing Date the 24th June 1785, as appear to his Majesty not improper to be communicated to the Honourable House of Commons, consist-

ently with the ftri3eft Regard to the Public Safety:

And also,

Copies of the Estimates of the Engineers at

mouth, Gosport, and Plymouth, for new Works, and Repairs and Improvements of old Works; also, Copies of the Reports of the Committee of Engineers at The Tower on the Estimates of the said Engineers at Portsmouth, Gosport, and Plymouth, delivered by them to the Board of Land and Sea Officers appointed by His Majesty to investigate and report to His Majesty *on the proper System of Defence, and the Expediency

and '

E.l. Affairs; Papers relating to Mr 1 ladings.

a 16 17° Februarii. A. 1786.

and Efficacy of the Plans which have been proposed for Ordered, That there be laid before this House, similar better securing His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth Extracts of the Durbar Expences and Receipts, for and Plymouth. the same Period, in the Preftdencies of Madras and

And then he withdrew . ‘ Bombay; distinguishing each Year and each Presidency.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, Account of the Times at which the several Accounts of to be perused by the Members of the House. the Annual Revenues and Expenditures of the PreGdency

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of Bengal, in each Year, from the Year 1776 to the of the said Papers be printed, as (half be sufficient for Year 1785, were transmitted to the Court of Directors, the Use of the Members of the House. and Extracts stating the Realons contained in any Dif-

The said Papers are preserved amongst the' other patch from the said PreGdency, for withholding or Papers of this Session. delaying any such Accounts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies; The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of all Minutes of Confutation and Correspondence to and of the House, of the 28th Day of May 1782, of the from Bengal, Bombay, and Madras, relative to a Con-’ Forty-fourth Resolution reported from the Committee tract or Agency with Mr. Secretary to the Board

of the whole House, to whom it was referred to of Council- General, for a Supply of Rice to Madras and consider further of the several Reports which had been Bombay. *

made from the Committees of Secrecy relating to OThat there be laid before this House, Copies the Affairs of the East India Company, and which of all Papers relative to the Revenue and Contracts of was then amended, and agreed to by the House, might. Opium, since the Year 1782, so far as the same relates' be read. . to any Contract made during the Government of the said

And the same was, as amended and agreed to by the Warren Hastings, Esquire.

House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies

" Resolved, That for the Purpose of conveying en- of all Minutes of Conlultation and Correspondence betire Conviction to the Minds of the Native Princes, tween the Governor General and Council and the Refithat to commence Hostilities without just Provoca- dent at the Durbar of the Nabob of Bengal, Gnce the " tion against them, and to pursue Schemes of Con- Month of 1780, together with an Account of

" quest and Extent of Dominion, are Measures repugnant the Expenditure and Distribution of the Stipend allowed " to the Wilh, the Honour, and the Policy of this to the said Nabob, together with the actual EmployNation, the Parliament of Great Britain should give ments now held, and those formerly held, by Mahomed " some Ggnal Mark of its Displeasure against those, Reza, and the Orders of the Court of Directors " in whatever Degree entrusted with the Charge of thereon.

" the East India Company’s Affairs, who foall, ap- Ordered, That there be laid before this Hoafe, Copies " pear to have wilfully adopted or countenanced a of all Minutes, of Confutation and other Proceedings " System tending to inspire a reasonable Distrust of relative to a Charge made by the Governor General,

" the Moderation, Justice, and good Faith, of the Warr Esquire, against JoAn Esquire, " British Nation." late Resident at Oude, for dilburGng large Sums of

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Money from the Treasury of Oude, without Permission Journal of the House of the said 28th Day of May of the Nabob, or the Permission and Sanction of the 1782, of the Resolution of the House, " That Warren Company’s Government of Bengal, and without accountHastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and ing for the fame.

" William Hornby, Esquire, PreGdent of the Council A Motion was made, and the Question being proat Bombay, having, in sundry ^pstances, acted in a posed, That there be laid before this House, Copies of " Manner repugnant to the Honour and Policy of this all other Correfpqndence during the Reftdence of John <( Nation, and thereby brought great Calamities on Bristow, Esquire, together with the Documents thereIndia, and enormous Expences on the East India with transmitted from the Province of Oude, and also the " Company, it is the Duty of the Directors of the said Answers thereto, and of all Proceedings relative to his " Company to pursue all legal and effectual Means for Conduct during the said ReGdency, from the Month of " the Removal of the said Governor General and Pre- October 1782;

" Gdent from their respective Offices, and to recall them And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

" to Great Britain,"might be read. Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday

And the same being read accordingly; Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of^ll Correspondence, Gnce the Month oi January 1782, The House was moved. That the Petition of Lancaster between Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor Ge- Lowther, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Eleaion-neral of Bengal, and the Court of Directors, as well Ferlbns whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being before as Gnce the Return of the said Governor General, Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County relative to Presents and other Money privately received Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for by the said Governor General. . Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an which were severally delivered in at the Table upon the

Account of the Time and Manner of paying into the 8th Day of this Instant February, complaining of the

Company’s Treasury a Present of 100,000l. made by undue Election and Return of Francis Reynolds and the Nabob of Oude to Warren Hastings, Esquire, for Abram Esquires, might be again read,

his private Use, but by the Court of Directors ordered And the same being read accordingly;

to be paid into their Treasury, and the special Uses and A Member, in his Place, acquainted the House, That

Services to which the same hath been applied. he was authorized by the said John Lowther, Esquire,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and also by the said Freemen, who have Ggned the said Extract of the Particulars of that Part of the Company’s last mentioned Petition, to deGre that the House would Accounts in Bengal, cdmmonly called Durbar Expences give Leave to their withdrawing so much of their said and Receipts, Grom the Year 1770 to the Year 1785, several Petitions as complain of the undue Election and iucluftve, or, as for as the same hath been received; Return of the said Francis Reynolds, Esquire. difiinguiflung each Year. And a Motion bang made. That the said John

Lowther,

Die ed by

Ways and Means,

Stpply.

Supply Bill; Malt, &c*

Uchester

Llefiion.

%6 Geo*. III. 170- — 20* Februarii. my

Lorwtktr \ Esquire, and the said -otbef Petitioners, have leave to withdraw so much of tbdir feid several Petitions as complain of the undue Election and Return of the said Francis Reynolds, Esquire;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 18th Day of February 1782, That whenever a Motion is made for Leave to withdraw a Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, " the Consideration and Debate thereof shall not be entered upon immediately, but the same shall be " adjourned till such further Day as the House shall " think fit to appoint,- provided that Three Days, M at the least, shall intervene between the Day on M which such Motion is made and the find further " Day so to be appointed," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Consideration of die feid Motion ba adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 20* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii III11* Regis, 1786.

Praters.

CjtOHN Conrad Meyor took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Nicholls, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Johnstone, Ei'quire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Smith Esquire, John Clerk,

Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge, Senior,

George Harvey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of , on Behalf

of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue ple&ion and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Harcourt, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset;

And also, That the said Select. Committee have determined,

That George Johnstone, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgees to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of >

And also, That the said Select Committee. have defer-mined,

That the said George Johnfioue, Esquire, the Petitioner, is duly elected a Burgpfe to serve in tjhi$ present Parliament for the said Borough 0 Vql. 41.

And the said Determination* wej* ordered to he entered in die Journals of this House.

Ordered, That die Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, To-morrqw Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Sometft, and amend the same, by rating out the Name of John Harcourt, Esquire, and ipferting the Name of

George Johnstone, Elquise, instead thereof.

Mr. Hunt presented to the House, according to Or- Bodmin der, a Rill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act Road»-made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and wir daning several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the Cqunty of CormeaU: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gq/coyne, Junior, reported from the Commit- Livfn*>oi fee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Streets, &c. Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Tq prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Joftph Brooks, Junior, Esquire, being examined, said,

That several of the public Streets, Passages, and Places, being very narrow and incommodious, occasion great Inconvenience and Danger to the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near those Streets and Places, and to Persons and Carriages passing through the same; and the Dispatch of Trade and Commerce carried on in the said Town is much prejudiced and retarded thereby.-r-That to remove the above-mentioned Inconvenienciee, it is necessary to widen, enlarge* and alter the said narrow Streets, Passages, and Places, and tp open and lay out new Streets and Pafi’ages, and for those Purposea to purchase several Houses, Buildings,

Lands, and Premiers, which may from Time to Time he deemed necessary.

That the Inhabitants of the said Town are at present supplied with Water , by Carts, which is attended with considerable Expence and Inconvenience, and might be remedied, if Power was given to dig for and collect Springs, within or near to the Liberties of the said Town, and to convey the Water by Pipes or Aque-dufts, in the several Streets of the Town, for the Uf of the Inhabitants; and that such Mode of conveying Water into the said Town would also be particularly useful in the extinguishing of Fires, which might happen to Buildings and Shipping — That it would also tend greatly to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if Power was given to remove, and prevent in future all N uifeoces in or near the Streets, Passages, and other Places therein, and to alter the Levels of several of such Streets,

Passages, and Places, and to alter and amend the present Common Sewers, and make certain new ones, and to appropriate particular Place* in the said Town for public Markets: Then,

An Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, Carmen, and Porters, of tl»e fpid Town, was read: And,

Mr. Brooks being further examined, feid, That it is expedient and necessary to extend the Powers and Pro-vssions of that Act to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town, into the County of cosier.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

3 k lor

20° Februarii.

Dow

Harbour*

Kipping* Croft Roads

Wadhurst, Ac. Road.

Spittlegate Hill Roads.

218

A. 1786.

for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of for flip-

plying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending lb much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town: And that Mr.' Gascoyne, Junior, and the Lord Penkryn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North, the Lord North, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Bren in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Bretichley, and Goudhurfi, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green,

to the Turnpike Road on Wiljley , in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile in the

laid Parish, and from Underden , in Marden aforesaid, to IVanjhutt's Green, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -sham, Mr. Honyxmod, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Stree, in the said County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Honywood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twelfth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, and an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Acts as relates to the said last mentioned Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and of the Two Acts therein referred to, so far as relates to the said Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said last mentioned Road; and that, ualeis die Term granted and continued by the said Acts is enlarged, and the Powers thereof altered and amended, the said Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money now owing

be repaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of die Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and of die Two Acts therein referred to, lb lar as the same relate to the said Road from Spittlegate Hill to Fo in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Francis,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Wilbeaeh, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering *c- Kokand enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk, and from Walsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and Germans Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wish, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers in - Shop Tax.

ton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Motion is intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, inposing a Tax upon Retail Shops, and in Support of such Motion, beg Leave to state their same to the House: Although the Petitioners readily admit that Duties imposed on the specific Articles wherein the Retail Shopkeepers deal, ultimately fall upon the Consumer, yet they allure the House, That Duties or Taxes imposed upon Retail Shopkeepers, in any other Manner than upon the specific Articles vended, do not, in an adequate Degree, affect the Conlumers, but defalcate from, and dhninish, the Shopkeepers just Gains; the Tax therefore upon Retail Shops, as it at present stands, the Petitioners consider as a Tax upon Retail Shopkeepers, exclusively, for such they feel it to be in its Operation and Effects; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be a Principle, that for any particular Descrip-tiou of Men to become proper Objects of Taxation, their Opulence must be apparent, or their Gains exorbitant, but the Petitioners contend, that Retail Shopkeepers are not proper Objects of such particular Taxation, as they are far from being opulent, if taken collectively, and their Gains are very linall, especially when compared with those of Merchants, Wholesale Traders, and others; on the contrary, the Retail Shopkeepers labour under many Hardships peculiar to themselves; their Shops constitute a Part of their Dwelling Houses, which are, in general, very in.on-venient, and of little intrinsic Value, yet their House Rents, front the local Advantages of their Shops, are out of all Proportion higher than the large and elegant Houses of Merchants, and others, not requiring the like Situations, and those Rents operate as a heavy Tax upon the Shopkeepers Gains, which is rendered the more burthensome, as the House T^x, and all

other

26 Geo. III. 20° Februarii.

other Taxes, are proportioned according to the high and extravagant Rents they pay, and therefore the Petitioners infill, that, (exclusive of the Tax upon Retail Shops) they already pay and contribute more towards the Exigencies of the State than any other Description of Men, whose Trades or Employments bring in no greater Profits: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Hardships of their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall fcem meet.

Shop Tax. A Petition of the Retail Traders within the City and Suburbs of Oxford', was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners fee with Concern a Tax laid upon Retail Shops, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which is found to be partial and oppressive, and, if not repealed, the Petitioners fear will prove fatal to their Interest; that there are a great Number of Retail Shops, the Profits whereof are known to be barely sufficient to support the industrious Owners, and the said Tax will consequently reduce to Want a Description of Men, who have been long considered the Strength of this Nation; and that the Retail Traders have, on all Occasions, chearfully contributed to the Support of Government, but they now conceive the said Tax too partially affects them, as the Merchant, the Wholesale Dealer, and many other opulent Members of Society, who are better able to bear the Burthen, will support no Part thereof, and in the said City and Suburbs this Tax is peculiarly grievous, the Land Tax is enormous, and the Inhabitants obliged to support very expensive Poor, to which may be added, many local Expences which have brought on frequent Scenes of Distress: And therefore praying, That the House will substitute feme more general Taxation, equally productive, but lese partial.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, is referred.

Tittbwfll A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

iaclosure. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Lands in T in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, divers Lands, Pastures, Marshes, and Grounds (indofed and uninclosed) containing together, by Estimation, 1,354 Acres, the Whole, or the greatest Part whereof, are Half -Year Lands, and subject to various Rights of Foldcourse or Sheep Walk, Shackage, and Common, at certain Times of the Year; and that the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, are Lords of the Manor of Titchwell aforesaid, and confidence Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and the Provost and Fellows of Eton College are seised of the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Pefentation to the Living and Parish Church of Titchwell, and the Reverend Frederick Breaming, Clerk, is Rector of the said Parish and Parish Church, and as such entitled to all Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and Wool, within the said Parish} and that the said Lands and Premifies lie intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces, and very inconvenient for the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the said Lands and Premifies, if the said Rights were extinguished, and all the said Lands and Premifies divided, exchanged, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inqlofing Yoi~ 41.

all the Lands, Pastures, Marshes, and Grounds, within the Parish of Titchwell, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Shackage, Sheep Walks, and Commons thereon, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barrington and Sir Edward Astl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Coal Trade. Lightermen, resident within the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Christ Church, the Borough of and other Places in the County of Surrey, lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, was presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surra/; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, in its present Form, is inadequate to the Purposes for which it is declared to be intended, and contains divers Regulations and Restrictions which the Petitioners apprehend would be very injurious to them, and without producing any real Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves, or Council, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Wehje’*, &c. the ingrafted Bill tirom the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Lotus Weltje and Alexander von -ersbach, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and tie delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Great Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Torringtan and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several '

Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Moor whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, Monkton and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township inclolBre* and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills

of

1

0,10 20° Februarit. A. 1786.

kA Inclostire, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sathfaftron of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucition severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Mexborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Methley, in the County of York, and a considerable Proprietor of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, and allb of the Reverend John Briggs, Clerk; Rector of the Parish of Methley aforesaid, and of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Waites, called Atoscar. West hall Green, Melting Green, The Carr, The Windmill Moor, The Alires, and Coney Moor, containing 300 Acres, or thereabouts, and other Parcels of Wrafte, not distinguishable by any particular Names, and also several Common Fields, or undivided Inclosures, called Church Field, Oakes Field,

Field, Alooi'house Field, North lags, Gamscarr lags, Leatherforth, Thorp lags, and Low Field, containing '500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be advantageous to the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common upon the said Commons and Wastes, and Property in the said Fields respectively, if the same Commons and Wastes (which in their present State are incapable of any great Improvement) and also the said Common Fields or undivided Inclosures (wherein the ’Property lies much dispersed and intermixed, and consequently inconve-nfent for Occupation) were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each of the said Owners and Proprietors, according to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the -Lord Delaval and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be givcu to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, in such Marnier as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Powys and Sir James Langham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Desertion. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February, re-fol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom Wareham, the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in &c- Roadl* the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Crofe, in the Town of Wareham, and in Pur beck, in the County of Dorsett, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committeq.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Crewkem* Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Ro*<la* Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crew-kerne, in the County of Somet'set, was read the Third,

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Cretokerne, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to America* Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to *rra<le* be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for " a limited Time, certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" and for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the " Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year " of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty " certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United

26 Geo. III.

2 o° Februarii. i

*' United States of America, to thfe Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and " Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles " therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses dated the 5th Day of April 1785: And Surplufle#. also,

Surplusses dated the 10th Day of October 1785.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The laid Surplusses are preserved- amongd the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstrafia thereof are as followeth; viz,

Vol. 41.

3*-

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking Tun’d

To Cash remaining the re on the loth Day of October 1784, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1785; vizr.

£. s. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - - 767,375 1*2

Ditto of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account,

'Folio a ---- - - - - 176,084 2 11

Ditto of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 383,225 9 4$

£. 1,326,685 4 5

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 5th Day of April 1785, pursuant to the Several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 4° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dl -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 160 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2dl, for the Service, of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D9 Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of 63,078/. 8s. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the New Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17* Georgii 3, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts -The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2dI The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D# - ....

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii iml, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -«

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii 2dl Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*", and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Duty of 3s. 4d. Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2d9 Georgii ad* - -

£ 8*

23,652-----

4,210 — -16,722 1 6

37,480 4 & 42,304 — —

85>3?7 2 48 12 6§ 3.917----

96,788 15 9t

124,569 8 7

c

"S-

c-

laid Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April, 1785.

Dr.

£ * d.

113,964 — 7

Per Contra

C'.

By the Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1785, as well on the Principal Sum of 37,770,9*24/. is. 9%d. remaining unredeemed of 39,281,521/. 5s. in 3/. per Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 20,150,000l. added to the said Remain; viz*. 2,150,000l. pursuant to an Act 16® Georgii 3811, and 18,000,000l. pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3d1. -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1785, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of 18,353,773/. 16s. 4d. remaining unredeemed of 19,183,323/. 16s. 4d. in Annuities consolidated, and charged upon this Fund by Acts 25* Georgii 2d< and 5* Georgii 3t!l, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300l. which, pursuant to the Acts 330 Georgii 2dl and 2# Georgii 3UI, stood reduced to 3/. per Centum per Annum from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3rl1 is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining Sum of

i8»353»773^- *d....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1785, being after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on 1.919,600/ , to which 2,100,000l. borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24®Georoji *dl is reduced, by abating from the same 180,400l. subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140, and 15® Georgii 3tJl ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - -

By the Caftiier of the South Sea Company, for his Trouble and Charges in passing the Accompts of Money imprested to him to pay the said Annuities for 6 Years to the 5th Day of January 1781; and for Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. for Warrants, Orders, and Imprest Rolls, for 6 Years to the 5th Day of January 1784 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2*, and charged upon this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1785 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorftiip, payable’ at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5® Georgii 3tH, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1785 - -

By the Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted by Acts i° and 2° Georgii 3tH foT 09 and 98 Years, Which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764 by an Act 40 Georgii 3tl1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1785 ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of 4/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of April 1785 as well on the Principal Sum of 5,000,000l. borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act 17° Georgii 3m, as on 3,000,000l. added thereto by an Act 2i° Georgii 3tU, being the Amount of 25/. per Centum additional Capital, at 4/. per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of 12,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned Act ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years from the 5th Day of April 1777, being

after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on 5,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to an Act 170 Georgii 3lii, for Half a Year ended the 5th Day of April 1785 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time

d.

86 8,31 :J 17 2J

16,2 i-i 7 54

560,101 2

10,501 17

28,794-----

539 *7 9

1,968 1 5

12,839 16 3

270 —

124,125----

*>745 Jo

160,000-----

2,250-----

12,500-----

‘75 15 7$

223 ao° Februarii. A. 17S6.

D

cq'

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

The Duties of i2#.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act to* Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account porfuant to an Act 07° Georgii 2<<i -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2* Georgii 241, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000 /. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 2"....

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i* Georgii a-1, for raifnig the Sum of 1,750,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28* Georgii 2*1 The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2d* -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 241 The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32* Georgii 2d*

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like ——

Ditto — of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2" -

To the Income of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24* Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii 3*" -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33* Georgii 2* and 6# Georgii 3*, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6* Georgii 2dt To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act u° Georgii 3tl!, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33# Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3UI -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i# Georgii3til, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4* Georgii 3 - - .

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several Fall India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3111 To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like ——

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act <5* Georgii 3d1 - - - ~

To the additional Subsidy upon Fail India Wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by ouc other Act 6# Georgii 3lU - -

C »

5»>49-----

71,909 11 8

19.565 10 *

31,460 — —

5,067-----

42,526-----

8,373 17 io*

3,2*8 12 loi

24,25*-----

125,149 4 — 26,317 10 — 140,354 6 9

*5,933 7 3* 60,677 — —

215,479 -

12,733 2 7 841------

2,000 — —

5,005 7 »

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £ "*

£.4,980,771. 31. 3V. remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000 borrowed by virtue of an All 310 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was by a Clause in the said Act charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of

January 1785 - - -.....i,4°° 10

By Ditto, for Interest and Circulation of Exchequer Bills made forth on the Credit of this

Fund ..... 487 4 3

By Cacti applied in Part of the Sum of £.94,563. 141. 1 \d. being the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1785, of the Duties granted by an Act 24# Georgii 3l11, in lieu of the Duties on Tea repealed by the said All, to make good so much wanting to complete the several proportional Sums charged on the said Duties, and direlied to be carried to the following Funds: Which Deficiency is, by a Clause in the said Act, to be replaced to this Fund, out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament: viz.

£ d-

To the Aggregate Fund, in lieu of a Moiety of the Inland Duty on Tea,

granted Anno 1745.....- 41,114 >3

To the General Fund, in lieu of the other Moiety of Ditto ... 41,114 *3

To the 5 and 15 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act 19* Georgii 31*1, Anno 1779 - - 4,111 9 3i

To the 5 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of

Annuities established by an Act 220 Georgii 3tU, Anno 1782 - 4,m 9 3i

But the additional 5 per Centum Excise, granted by an Act 21* Georgii 3111, towards the Charge for Annuities established by that Act, being a Part of this Sinking Fund, the proportional Sum applicable thereto is therefore not charged hereupon, notwithstanding she same is to be made good with the above Duties.....- - -

By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Alt 31* Georgii 2", which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 18* Georgii 3% which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

fiy. Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 20* Georgii a*11, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By. Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Fund frr Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 23° Georgii 3ia, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 24° Georgii 3% which by a Clause in the said Act is to be

90.452 4 9i

4.1" 9 3i 94.563 *4 *1

16,588 4

85.09® 16 8i

105,937 10 4i

180,027 *4 1

9o,45» 4 9l

16,588 4 6J

85,094 16 8£

105.937 10 4$

180,027 14 1

3

C

5?

ft

a6 Geo. III. 20° Februarii. 223

£. *. d.

£. i. d.

c

g

eg'

rH*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

00

To the Additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings Imported, granted and made a Part of this Lund by an Act 70 Georgii 3|11 -

To the Additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3*11 ,brought to this Account pursuant to ail Ad 8° Georgii 3*11 -To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act G* Georgii 3UI, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3tl1 ..

To the additional Duty upon Coaches, See granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Audioo, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17* and 190 Georgii 3th To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3tu -To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought 10 this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3ltt -

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3^ -To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought ro this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tl! - -

To the additional Duty of 5/. per Centum on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act ‘21° Georgii 3tu To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tu - -

£. s. d.

8,00 > — —

30,526 1 10J

1,814----

10,571 — —

35.370 -

4*932-----

19*651-----

27,637-----

9*745 6 8

29 17 6

17,257 — —

207,772 6 2*

36,740 2 3

1.339 -

----- ---- — 1,661,224

replaced to this Fuad out of the first Supplies to be granted in Par- £. s. d. £. s, d. liaraent - - - 118,510 1 3$ 118,510 1 3}

Total of Deficiencies to be made good to this Fund - - £.600,7 20 1 2

2,399,333 18 9i

By Carti remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1785, for the Disposition of

Parliament ------ 702,539 16 1J

£3*101,873 14 11J

This being the 125th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 1*1, (Page 367) is humbly presented, this 20th Day of February 1786, by me

George Rose.

9 ui

— 4,987*909 H 4i

£. 3,101,873 14 lij ttW

ca

05

H

6

n

224 20* Fehruariu 1786.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

n>

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSS ES, dated the 10th Day of October 1785.

Qs

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

O To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1785, for the Disposition of Parliament M

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1785; viz.

.*- s. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 1,284,695 ,

Ditto — of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 245,800 12

Ditto — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - 484,267 .

6

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported, and undervalued, brought to this Accompt porfuant to an Act n* Georgii iral To Money received from a Person unknown, for Conscience Sake, by the Right honourable 'William Pitt, and paid into the Exchequer To Money paid into the Exchequer by Edward Roberts, Esq. Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, Residue of Exchequer Fees applicable to this Fund, pursuant to an Act 230 Georgii 3^ ——

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 10th Day of October 1785, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf, viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4® Georgii 2*1, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account £. s. d. pursuant to an Act *25° Georgii r - - - - 15,739 10 7

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16* Georgii 2dl,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 2,697-----

w Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported,

granted by an Act if* Georgii 2al, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to

D° - - - 31,884 15 8|

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2^, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the fame, in Part of 63,0781. 8*. 8 i. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3d1, to make

food the above Duty uu Glass repealed thereby, rough t to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - 27,131 9 4

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dl - - - 10,603 15 —

Calli brought from the Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, &c. granted by Acts 25* Georgii 3tl1, in Part of 22,2461. to make

food the Loss to this Fund by repealing the above )uty on Coaches, for the Quarter ended the iota Day of October 1785 ---- 105 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2di ---- 195,688 6 2{

1*974*77o

202

10

*44

l7 8

- Dr.

£. s. d.

702,539 16 \{

Pee Contra -..... -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Haifa Year’s Interest, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1785, as well on the Principal Sum of 37,770,924/. 15.9\d. remaining unredeemed of 39,281,521 /. 5s. 1 i d. in 3/. per Centura Annuities, consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 20,150,000l. added to the said Remain, viz. 2,150,000 /. pursuant to an Act 16° Georgii 3*", and 18,000,000l. pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3lil -

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1785, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum as well on the Principal Sum of 18,353,773/. 16s. 4d. remaining unredeemed of 19*183,323/. 16s. 4d. in Annuities consolidatea and charged upon this Fund, by Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3tl1, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300 /, which, pursuant to the Acts 33° Georgii 2dl, & 2° Georgii 3*", stood reduced to 3 /. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 210 Georgii 3d1, is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining Sum of 18,353,773/. 16s. 4d. -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1785, beingafter the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on 1,919,600l. to which 2,100,000 /. borrowed on the Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2d|, is reduced, by abating from the same 180,400l. subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 14#, & 150 Georgii 3*", -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By Caih taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dI, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1785 ——

By Cacti taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1785 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° & 20 Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3li‘, for the

Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1785.....-

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for Ihe same Time -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of 4 /. per Centum per Annum, due the 10th Day of October 1785, as well on the PrincipalSum of 5,000,000 /. borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act 170 Georgii 3d1, as on 3,000,000l. added thereto by 3n Act 21* Georgii 3tu, being the Amount of 25/. per Centum additional Capital, at 4/. per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of 12,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned

Act....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Hate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on 5,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the Act 170 Georgii 3111, for Half a Year ended the 10th Day of October 1785 -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of 4,980,772/. 3 s. 3$ d. remaining unredeemed of 5,000,000l. borrowed by virtue of an Act 31* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1785 -

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders, for 3/. per Centum consolidated Annuities and Long Annuities, for 2 Years and an Half, to the 5th Day of January *785; for reduced Annuities, 4/. per Centum. Annuities, and Annuities for 10 Years, for 2

Cr

£. $. d.

.0

o

168,81317 if 16,212 7

560,101 2 1 £

10,501 17 io|

o

o

28.794 539 17 9

12,676 13 9 2

c*

270

124*125----

L745

160,000-----

2,250-----

12,500-----

i75 15 7i

1,400 l6 IO

C

-a

o'

in

£. i. d.

o

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii t®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 3d1 Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, and the Arrears of the Du-' ties on Ditto repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Duty of 3 s. 4d. perBufhelon Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl The Duty of 12 *. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2dl -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000 /. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgi 2* ——

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of 1,750,0001, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2dl The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 . Georgii 2dl The additional Duty on Cards and‘Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2dl -The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets ana printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like -

Ditto - - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2*

To the Arrears of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21" Georgii 3tU -

To the Arrears of the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 330 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3tU -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii StH - -

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dl, and 6° Georgii 3^, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii 3d1 -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3ta, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

3,274 to —

154,239 10 2 108,298 3 4

8,371 6 *

4.555 13 5

23,912 18 8f

11,256 14 10 3.3i6 8 1

34.*45 17 5

11,150 13 11 6.934 7 3i 18,518 12 10

176,66415 9

90 18 3$

>5 5i 20,848 2 6|

138,3*° 19 "§

26,548 4 4

if)

«0

Years and an Half, to the 5th Day of April 1785 and to the Auditors of the Imprefts, for £ *

examining, auditing, and engromng Accompts of Dividend Warrants, Scc, to the 5th

Day of July 1784, &c. - - -- - 12,961 11 11

By Cash applied in Part of the Sum of 271,155/. 8 s. 3d. being the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Duties granted by an Act 24* Georgii 3ttt, in lieu of the Duties on Tea repealed by the said Act, to make good so much wanting to complete the several proportional Sums charged on the said Duties, and directed to be carried to the following Funds; which Deficiency is, by a Clause in the said Ato be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament; viz.

Duties of

Customs. Excise.

To !rd Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, Part of the £. s. d.

Fund for Annuities granted Anno 1706 - - - 1,723 17 6

To£ Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, being the Fund

for Annuities granted by the 2d Ad, Anno 1708 - 2,585 16 3

To the Import i6g£ Part of the Fund for the South Sea

Company's original Capital ----- 5,171 12 6

To thejmport of 5/. per Centum on the Produce of the Customs, Part of the Fund for Annuities granted

Anno 1779 -.....1,743 11 H

To the Import of 51, per Centum on D°, Part of the

d.

Fund for Annuities granted Anno 178*2 To i Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, Part of the Aggregate Fund -

To yrdi Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, Part of - - D°

To the additional Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, granted i°

Georgii 3tU, Part of - - D°

In lieu of a Moiety of the Inland Duty on Tea, granted Anno 1745, Part of - - - D* 100,899

3>447

5,i7i

i,743 11

11,205 3 9}

9*

100,899

9i

Total for the Aggregate Fund - £. 112,104 4 7i

To the General Fund in lieu of the Moiety of the Inland Duty on Tea, granted Anno 1743 To the 5th and 15 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund for Annuities granted Anno 1779 -

To the 5 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund for Annuities granted Anno 1782 -

100,899 — 9J 10,332 17 7 »o>33» >7 7$

£- »4>l73 >3 222,463 j6 vk 246,637 9 11}

2o° Februarii. A. 1786

£. s. d.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

o

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3ttt -To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Alt i° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 40 Georgii 3d1 To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, See. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Alt 50 Georgii 3d1 -To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Alt 6° Georgii 3"* -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, Ac. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Alt 6* Georgii 3lu -

To the additional Duty upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Alt 70 Georgii 3ta -To the additional Duty upon Wines imported, granted by an Alt 30 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursumu to an Alt 8* Georgii 3*" -To the Duties u|mju Cyder and Perry, granted by an Alt 6° Georgii 3tlli brought to xhi» Attuuut purktani to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3*11 To the additional Duty on Coaches, Ac. granted by an Alt 160 Georgii 31 , brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapere, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -To the additional Duty oh Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17° and 19° Georgii

To the additional Sump Dnty on V^llnm, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3*

To the Surplus of tf*e Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii $vi -

To the Arrears of the Tax on all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3*" -To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tu -To the additional Duty of 5?. per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3m -

a55>o6i-----

336,887-----

H>427 15 6 1,120 2 5

996 1 3i 10,005 10 4}

38,676 17

10,202-----

2,496-----

24,686 16 1

3,214 5 7

20,177----

17*785 4 4

17*554 3 — 38 16 —

3>°74----

344,177 11 10

43*346 7 H

But the following Duties being Parts of this Sinking Fund, the proportional Sums applicable thereto are therefore not charged hereupon, notwithstanding the same are to be made good with the above Duties; viz.

For the Subsidy on Goods and Mer- £. s. d. chandize imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di - - 7,092 10 4"|

For D° on Goods and Merchandize I

imported, granted by an Act 82° |

Georgii 2dl - - - - 7,092 10 4J

The additional 5 per Centum Excise, granted by an Act 210 Georgii

3tU.....17 74

£.24,517 18 si 38,358 13 94 *3*>796 14 54

38,358 13 9i

27M55 8 3

£. d.

95,264 6 9$ 95,264 6 9$

15,991 5 *J 15,991 5 2$

35,9*7 1 34 35,927 1 Si

181,935 9 3 i8i,935 9 3

84,071 6 3| 84,071 6 s|

Total of Deficiencies to be made good to this Fund - - 684,344 17 1 £

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1785, pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii stkl - 702,539 16 ij

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 3tu, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 19° Georgii 3U1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3t l, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 23° Georgii 3til, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 3U1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

£. s. d.

14,185 — 8

£. s. d. 10,332 17 7}

c

a 6 Geo. III. ao

u

4

r

D

cq" '

# — h

n'

CD

Q_

O

o

c§

FT

To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3*11 -

£. t, d

150 — 10

2,239,179 2 6£

#. d.

£. f.' of.

.1-

12^7. ' 7 8

To Monies granted oiit of the Supply, Anno 1785, by ait Ad 250 Georgii 3m, for the Purposes fbllo^ing; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of ttrtf fame, to make good the Deficiency, On the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 To replace to th»® Fund the l»ko Sum paid out of the fatne, to make goOd the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established-for paying-Annuities, granted by ail Ad made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. toward a the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 22a Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1784 -

159*620 1 9\

122,730 4

- 158,551 4 11

114,214 4 3i

617466 10 —

By Cash taken further towards the Supply of the said Year 1785, pursuant to the said Act....

2,297460

d.

10J

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 10th Day of October 1785, for the Disposition of Parliament -

5*72,895 9 H

a

652,764 2 gf

£ 125,659 12 4

This being the 126th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii l®1 (Page 367) is humbly presented, this 20th Day of February 1786, by me

George Rote.

*4>°44-----

i.,2o8.713 13

4i

5,423,119 16 2$

£.6,125,659 12 4

kO

00

o

1.

H4

a6 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Brett, front the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

Srefeoted to the House, pursuant to iheir Address to His Majesty.

The Ordinary Estimate of TJis Majest/s Navy, for the Year 1786: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what m&y bfe ndeeft

22Cj

fary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Navy Ships of War in His Majesty s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1786.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessior*; and the Abstract; thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz;

Februarii.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1786.

N*

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7

8

9-

10.

11.

12. 13-14.

15-

16.

17.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies, relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers ------ 25,919

Pensions and other Allowances ---- 11,349

3

N ^Chatham - - - - 4,200 5

Deptford - - - - 3,640 11 4

> Yards. Woolwich Portsmouth . - - 4,057 16 -1

Sheerness 6

Plymouth - 4,946 7 8j

Muftef Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of Harbour Mooring3 and of Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His- Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. ——

Half Pay to Sea Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains

Ordinary Charge of Sick arid Hurt Seathcri -

£. s. d. 47.492 8 i

37,269 14 8

25.405 18 6

4,508 6 11 ^8,298 li 10

33,795 19 2

69,910-----

195,370 — —

193,000-----

1,231 17 6 6,044' 2 —

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1786

A

692,326 18 8

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1786, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Ninety-two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Chef Middleton. Edaf Hunt; J. Henslaw.

Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogei.Wm Campbell.

E. Le Cras.

Vo l. 41.

3N NAVY

NAVY O F FI C ft 17th February 1786,

Us>

O

j

l a

w

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other

Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1786.

D

cq'

f — h

n"

CD

CL

cr

o

O

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repair. % Time when may be Charge of their - ... TOTAL.

r ' Taken in Hand. Completed. r Hulls, Mads, and Yards. N Rigging and Stores.

Deptford 98 Impregnable - Building - In Hand - April 1786 - 600 - 600

74 Vanguard - Building - In Hand - December 1786 10,800 6,050 16,850

_ New - Ordered to be built - - Uncertain 7,000 - 7,000

28 Cyclops - Great Repair - In Hand - October 1786 6,660 m 6,660

— Vestal - Great Repair - In Hand - October 1786 6,740 m rn m 6,740

— Enterprize - ("Between Middling and Great"! \ Repair -J October 1786 - July 1787 5,240 - 5,240

Bomb Vesuvius Middling Repair In Hand - April 1786 - 4,200 1,100 5,300

44 Guardian - " 6 So 430 1,110

— Expedition - 240 1,540 1,780

~ 36 Inconstant - 130 370 500

— Romulus - 450 2,220 2,670

32 Thames - - - 120 340 460

— Solebay ... 120 1,020 1,140

— Southampton 450 1,730 2,180

28 Lizard - - - 120 610 730

— Pomona - - -,) Complete, except Masts, Yards, Rigging, and Stores - - < 120 350 470

— Triton - 120 610 730

— Dido - 120 2,090 2,210

— Hussar - - - 120 660 780

— Carysfort - 120 2,740 2,860

— Hind - . - - 120 2,850 2,970

— Lapwing - 450 990 1,440

— Proserpine - - - 500 2,510 3,010

24 Porcupine - J I 440 2,760 3,200

00

Os

r

o

Woolwich

Chatham -

D

to'

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

36

33

28

Brig

98

74

50

24

Sloop

44

32

28

24

20 Sloop . 32 Bomb Fireship

64

100

74

90

64

50

64

Leda -Iris -Pearl -Circe -Ferret -

Boyne -Prince -Minotaur Audacious Centurion Eurydice Bonetta Zebra -Fury -Gorgon Adventure Astrea Amphion Boston Ceres -Niger -Sybil

Maidstone

Amphitrite

Champion

Narcissus

Savage

Danae -

Terror

Tisiphone

Worcester

Queen Charlotte Leviathan -London Solitaire

Penmen

Asia -Non such

Complete, except Mails and Yards

Complete, except Rigging and Stoi cs

Building -Building -Ordered to be built -To complete her Stores Great Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Middling Repair

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand Uncertain In Hand June 1786

Uncertain December 1786 Uncertain

May 1786 August 1786 Uncertain Uncertain October 1786

) Complete, except Masts, Yards, Rigging, and Stores

Complete, except Masts and Yards j Complete, except Rigging and Stores

fBetween Middling and Great"! I Repair -j

Building.

Building

Middling Repair f Between Middling and Great!

\ Repair fBetween"

I Repair Small Repair -Middling Repair

May 1786 - -

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -March 1786

December 1786 -

March 1786 September 1786 -

Uncertain

Uncertain r-fComplete, except ! f Launching - -J September 1786

September 1786

Uncertain

December 1786 June 1787 -

550

130

450

320

4,250

12,780

5,850

7,300

2,120

1.290

1.290 2,040

70

20

20

20

20

20

60

io

10

10

40

10

10

20

9.000

6.000 1,150

20,800

18,860

700

15,960

5,600

240

1,170

4,55*

880

3.98o

4.600 1,460

120

120

1.600 340

1,730

300

1.630 300

1.630 2,280 1,350

330

230

820

270

810

640

400

1,500

3,660

550

130

450

320

240

5,4ao

17,330

6,730

3,98o

11,900

3,58o

1.410

1.410

3,640

410

1,750

320

1.650 320

1.650 2,340 1,360

340

240

860

280

820

20

640

400

10,500

6,000

4,810

20,800

18,860

700

15,960

5,600

S' < 8 n

o\

6

M

o

to

O"

2:

NH.

1

g

cq"

i — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o§

FT

Sheernxss

Portsmouth

32

64

98

74

64

32

Firdhip

74

50

44

36

98

74

64

Castor

Brunc -

Raisonable -Prince George Arrogant Alfred Inflexible Meleager Pluto - -

Audacious -Tremendous -Victorious -Zealous Ramillies

Leopard Argo -

Ulysses

LAigle

Prince of Wales Batfkur

Princess Royal

Courageux -

Berwick

Bellona Lion -Vigilant

Saint Albans -

America

Ruby -

{Complete, except Cop- pering, Furniture, and Stores - - -J

[Complete, except Copper-1: ing, and lie-bolting with '

[ Copper Middling Repair

jComplete, except Rigging and Stores

February 1786 -

March 1786 - -In Hand

Complete, except Rigging and Stores

Small Repair -

In Hand -

Complete, except Cables

Building -Middling Repair Middling Repair Small Repair -

Building -

[Between Middling and Great!

Repair -/

Between Small and Mid-’ dling Repair Between Middling and Great Repair -Between Small and Mid- dling Repair - -J ("Between Small and Mid-1

and

and

dling Repair Small Repair -[Between Small dling Repair [Between Small dling Repair [Between Small and Middling Repair [Between Small and \ dling Repair

Mid-1

Mid-\

Mid-1

In Hand -In Hand -March 1786 Uncertain -

In Hand -In Hand -

May 1786 -

May 1786 -

February 1786

In Hand -March 1786 August 1786

Uncertain -

March 1786

In Hand -

March 1786 -

July 1786 -

Uncertain

This Month -

1.

Uncertain March 1786 -Uncertain Uncertain

Uncertain April 1786 -

November 1786

December 1786

May 1786

April 1786 -July 1786 December 1786

Uncertain

Jufy 1786

March 1786 -

700

2.000

7.000

1,200

1,250

5,860

9,400

4,5.9°

2,000

17,400

14,120

20,000

12,800

4,48o

8,39°

10,840

5,00°

15,600*

5,590

,»57°

2,630

750

1,360

1,040

2,800

U570

580

540

710

710

710

540

230

2,670

2,130

1.000 1,890 2,460

1.000

910

2,880

1,960

3>56o

g-5

8

2,270

2,000

9,630

75°

1,360

1,040

4.000 i,570

580

540

710

710

710

540

1,480

5,860

12.070 6,720

2.000 18,400

16,010

22,460

13.800

5,39°

11.2.70

12.800

5.000 19,160

5,590

232 20* Februarii. A, 17 85.

MERCHANTS

Plymouth -

O

36 La Nymphe - f Detween Small ami Mid- Idling Repair - - -] February 1786 - April 1786 - 7.300 i>93° 9,230

98 Saint George S — mm - - — 180 180

74 Bedford - — 160 160

64 Sceptre — 150 150

44 Resistance - w — 100 100

Chichester - — 150 150

_ Woolwich — 100 100

38 Arethusa - >Complete, except Rigging and Stores - - 100 100

Minerva — 80 80

36 La Prudcnte — 80 80

Perseverance — 80 80

— Santa Margaritta — 90 90

32 Heroine — 80 80

Quebec J — 60 60

f If it should be thought expedient to'

launch her in the Course of next Year.

100 Royal Sovereign - - Built - jit will be necessary to have this Money 3.320 3,320

Igranted - -J

98 Glory - - Building- - In Hand - Uncertain - 10,000 — 10,000

80 Cesar - Ordered to be built - - - - Uncertain - 5.000 — 5,000

9° Blenheim . Very final 1 Repair - In Hand - April 1786 - - 7.38o 1,840 9,220

80 Foudroyant - - Middling Repair July 1786 - Uncertain 6,000 1,910 7,910

74 Valiant Middling Repair In Haud - April 1786 - - 12,200 — 12,200

Cumberland - m Middling Repair In Hand - October 1786 mm l6,000 2,480 18,480

9° Namur Small Repair - May 1786 October 1786 - 10,300 2,550 12,850

32 Alarm - Very (mail Repair - November 1786- December 1786 - 3,400 2,120 5,520

f Complete, except Cop-1

44 Charon { pering, and Malts and 1-[Yards -J November 1786 - December i 786 1,530 i,53o

- Total King’s Yards - 1- 393,090 118,350 5n,440

ON

O

w

o

K21

S5

3<4

R Sf s*

MERC

River Thames 74 Srciftsure; m

— Captain -

— Orion -

— Hannibal - -

— Theseus - -

32 Aquilon -

— Lowestoffe -

Gravesenp - 74 Colossus -

Frindsbury - — Bellerophon -

Sandgate - 28 Alligator - -

Mistleythobn - 32 Terpsichore -

Harwich - - 74 Excellent -

East Cowes - 64 Veteran - -

Northam - - - 74 Saturn -

Bursledon - m - - _ Elephant

44 Dover OB - -

32 Blonde - -

Blanche - -

Bucklershard m m 74 Illustrious

44 Sheemess -

Bristol m - m — Secern -

Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Repairing

Building -

Building -

Building -

Built

Building -

Building -

Building -

Building -Building -Building -Building -

Building -Building -

Building -

if

s?

YARD S.

In Hand . July 1787 - 9-340 4,470 13,810

In Hand - - May 1787 - 5,850 — 5,850

In Hand - - September 1786 13,600 4,470 18,070

In Hand - June 1786 - 6,39° 4,470 10.860

In Hand m - November 1786 16,100 4,470 20,570

In Hand - - May 1786 3,470 2,100 5.570

In Hand - - February 1786 4,270 2,610 6,880

In Hand m m September 1786 i3,5io 4,510 18,020-

In Hand - - September 1786 - 7,670 L 2,260 9,930

In Hand m m July 1786 ,« 3,340 — 3,340

1,980 1,870 3,850

In Hand - - May 1787 9,76o 2,500. 12,260

In Hand - - November 1786 - 8,700 1,270 9,970

In Hand - - September 1786 10,390 5>9ia 16,300

In Hand . June 1786 - 7,300 5,650 12,950

In Hand - *» May 1786 4,600 650 5,250

In Hand - - July 1786 3,360 800 4,160

In Hand - - April 1786 - , - 3,520 800 4,320

In Hand - . September 1787 3,090 1,000 600 4,090

In Hand - - September 1786 5,79° 6,390

In Hand - - March - 1,860 — 1,860

Total Merc mnts Yards - - - 143,890 50,410 194,300

Total King’i s Yards - - - - 393,090 118,350 5ii»440

Granjo Total - - 536,980 168,760 705,740

so0 Februarii. A. 178(5.

On WORKS of the YARDS.

g

eg’

f-K

n"

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

S

r

Shee^nem

Portsmouth

Plymouth -

Red House

Weevil

Gibraltar

To Making a Tank and Two Ciflems to Receive Rain Water for the Use of the Artificers, and laying down Pipes from die Tanks that already supply the Garrison ——

600

- To 200 Feet running of Stone Wharf at the South End of Watering Island To 240 Feet running of Stone Wharf between the Landing Hulk and South Dock To building the Iron and Boat Store Houses, also the Joiners and House Carpenters Shops, SCc». Towards building new Offices for the Officers -

To complete the Stone Wharf and Slip to the Boat Houses -

To complete the North Slip on the New Ground -

To complete the Commissioners House and Garden Wall -

To complete the Freflt Water Engine ——

To completing the new Chapel ——

10,000

0,600

5.000

2.000 4,150 2,100 1,800

120

600

- Towards carrying on 96 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall at the East Side of the Mali Pond, with Four Walls for forming the Locks for Mads, and Five Bays of rlank Houses over them ——

To blowing and levelling the Rock at Whitehouse Hill ——

To completing the Crols Wall in the Malt Pond ——

Towards building the Dam, Pier, Drains, Well, and Part of the South Side of the New Dock -

To repairing the Timber Work, and building a new Wharf Wall, as lbewn in the Plan of the South Middle Jetty Head -Towards building a WaU, digging and blowing away the Rock, 8fc*. at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Malt Locks, to form the Road on a Range with the Front of the Hemp Houses ——

To paving the Malt House Slips with Purbeck Pitchers ——

To paving the Boat House Slips with Purbeck Pitchers

To building the Eamne Houses, and Five Penftoeks at the New Docks -

To completing the Ballast Pound at Tar Point ——

Towards clearing away the Rock, and taking down Part of the old Rigging House, in order to build a new one -

6,340

830

800

12,000

7,850

450

2,430

1,600

440

1,100

800

To purchasing Ground, and erecting several Buildings for the U(e of the Vidtuafling Office

29,200

- To clearing the Mud from the Creek at the Victualling PremilTes -

- To building a Storehouse for Victualling Stores, on the Ground lately purchased, contiguous to the Victualling Premises -For reinliating the Buildings, and repairing the Stonehouses, Sheds, and other Buildings, destroyed during the Siege

Total -

Total for die Ships brought forward -Grand Total -

- 500

- 3,360

1,500

105,170

- 705,740

- £ 810,910

k*

26 Geo. III. $o° Februarii.

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchant Yards

f Hulls- - -

\Rigging and Stores

r Hulls

t Rigging and Stores

Towards the Improvements in the Yards and Victualling Premisses -

Viz'.

- 393.090 V

- 118,350}

- 143,890V

- 50,410}

Grand Total

511*440

194,300

105,170 - £. 810,910

r!

0\

°o

The Sum of Eight hundred and Ten thousand Nine hundred and Ten Pounds.

Chat Middleton. Edw Hunt. - -J.

Geo. Rogers. JV-m Campbell.- E. Le Cras.

Geo. Marsh.

A. 1786.

»6 GeO; III. 20° Februarii. 237

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

S«pply Bill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

LandTux. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for' granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, w as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table i Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Duties on The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from Hori'es, Car- the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; wages, and he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Sums assessed and charged in Great Brit am, for Horses; for Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex-cife; for Waggons, Wains, and other fuel) Carriages; for Male and Female Servants; and for Shops, by virtue of Two several Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year df His present Majesty, as far as the same can be made up, specifying the Period of each Assessment: And aid),

An Account of the Total Sums afieffed upon Inhabited Houses, as far as the same can be made up ih complete Periods, distinguishing each Period, and each Assessment, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu " thereof, and also several Duties on Inhabited Houses."*

And then he withdrew.

' And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by-the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Telford A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

Bridge Road, thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's and

Great Wigston, in the County of Leicester, to Millstone Lane, in the Town of in the said County of

Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and several large Sums of Money borrowed for that Purpose still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road be kept in Repair, unless the Term for which the said Act hath Continuance is extended, and several of the Powers thereby given varied and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, varying, and rendering more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

: Vql. 41.

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Hunger-ford, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Marin# Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Forces.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of1 the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt, Src. upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma-' jetty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an InstruHion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to dirc6b that the Deficiency which shall be on the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1786, of the Incomes of the Duties oh Malt, granted for the Year 1784, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1786.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That* they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of Damage by the Town of Faversham, in the County of Kent, being Powder Mills offered to be presented to the House; ^amaver~

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, on the 17th Day of April 1781,

One of the Corning Houses, and the Dulling Mill, belonging to His Majesty’s Powder Mills at <*> sham, which are under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, blew up, and by the Explosion thereof all the Powder Mills and Works adjoining were materially injured; several Houses and Buildings in the Town of Faoersham, and its Neighbourhood, setroyed, and many others, together with the Church of Davington, wholly, or in Part, unroofed* and otherwise greatly damaged, and in other Houses the Window Frames, and Door Cafes, were forced out, the Glafe of the Windows shivered in Pieces, and a considerable Quantity of Furniture and Effects demolished, or rendered useless; and that, in the same Month of April, a Petition from the Inhabitants of the said Town was presented to the Board of Ordnance, Hating the above Fa6ts, and praying, that the said Board, when the Damage could be estimated, would order the Expence thereof to be defrayed to the Sufferers, in such Manner as the Board should think expedient* and, in pursuance of the said Petition, Mr. John

3P Groves,

Elections — County

Voteis.

Exportation of iiay.

20" Februa

A 178S.

Groves, by Order of the said Board, and under the Direction of Sir Thomas Hyde Page, viewed the said D images, and estimated the same at 1,422/. 18$. 6d. and reported fuel) Eliirnate to the said Board, together with a particular Account of the Loss of each Individual; and that no Recompence whatever having been made to any of the said Sufferers in consequence of such Report, the Petitioners, as Trustees of an Hospital for the Support of Six poor old Men in the said Town, in the Year 1782 petitioned the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury to be paid the Amount of the Damage sustained- by the said Hospital, in consequence of the said Explosion, which their Lordships ordered to be paid, and the same hath been since paid accordingly; and that the> Inhabitants of the said Town again petitioned the Board of Ordnance, after such Estimate had been made by the said John Groves, praying to be permitted to make solemn Affidavits of their Loflesj in consequence of the said Explosion, and to fubrnit the Inspection thereof to any Persons whom the Board thou Id appoint, and- also imploring Relief, but they were afterwards informed that the Boat'd could not grant any Relief in the Premises, and had laid the said Petition before the Lords of the Treasury, who had signified that they could not do any thing the rein: Under these Circuuiftanees the Petitioners, the Mayors, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the Town of Faversham, on Behalf of the said Inhabitants, fubrnit to the House the extreme Ilardship of the Sufferers Cafe, who, by reason of the said Explosion, have incurred Damages to an Extent very far exceeding the Estimate made by Order of the said Board, but have nevertheless not received any Satisfaction whatever for the fame, and of whom many have been threatened with Arrests, and would have been long since arrested, but for the Hope, they from Time to Time have entertained that they should obtain Re-dress from Government: And therefore praying, That the House, will order the Amount of the said Lofi'os to be paid by the Board of Ordinance to the said Inhabitants and Petitioners, they submitting to receive the same according to the Estimate thereof l'o made by the said John Groves, although not in Truth amounting to near the Whole of such their Lodes, and allowing out of such Estimate the Sum of 24/. 12 s. 6 d. being the Sum allotted by the said John Groves for the Damages liiltuiued by the said Hospital, but which in Fast amounted to a much greater Sum, whereby the said Estimate is reduced to the Sum of 1,398/. 6s. and which the Petitioners request may be paid in Satisfaction of all such Damages and Losses as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. tcood, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for* the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 3d Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to

prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay," was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session. of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, " for a " limited Time, the Exportation of Hay."

Ordered, That Sir Robert Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Meaa* to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supper, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the Papers re-Motion made upon Friday last, that there be laid ferine _ before this. House, Copies of all other Correspondence officers'* during the Refnlence of John Bristow, Esquire, together with the Documents therewith transmitted from the Province of Oude, and also the Answers thereto, and of all Proceedings relative to his Conduct during

o o

the said Resideney, from the Month of October

1782.

And the Question being again proposed, That Copies of the said Correspondence, Documents, Answers^ and Proceedings, be laid before this House;

The House was moved, 'lhat the Copy of a Letter from the Governor General of Bengal to the Court of Directors, dated Benares, lft October 1784, which was. presented to the House upon the 4th Day of May, in, the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the Hpufe, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence, Minutes of the Governor General and Members of the Council, and instructions, relative to the State and Condition of the Country of Oude, and its Dependencies, and of the Reigning Family thereof, together with all Charges made by the late Governor General of Bengal against the Resident Middleton, and the Assistant Resident Johnson, and the Resident Bristow, as well as all Correspondence, Minutes of the Governor General and Members of the Council, and instructions, which may not be comprehended in the foregoing, relative to Almas Ali Kh&n.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Duplicate of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council, of the 23d of September

1783, on the Orders of the Court of Directors, refer tive to the Women of the Nabob of s Family.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative to the Conduct and Behaviour of the Military Forces in Oude, and of any Farming or Managing, or Proposal tp farm or mana<j&, any Revenues, by any British Officers in the Company’s Service in that Province, or the Dependencies thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Correspondence of Major Palmer, a

03 private

d& Geo. III. a o’ — 2 i° Febrmrii. 239

private Agent to Warren Hust, Esquire, Governor General, of Bengal, at the Court of Oude, as also of Major Davy, another of the private Agents of the said Warren Hastings, in Ouide, together with their Instructions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Allowances made from the Revenges of Oude to the English Resident and Assistants, Agent or Agents, or other English in a Civil Capacity, or to any Otticers in the Military Service, over and above their Pay and ordinary Allowances, with Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative thereto, not comprehended under the other Orders of this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Proceedings relative to the JRohilla and Bidgigur Prize Money, not contained in the Reports of the Committees of this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence and other proceedings relative to the Wife and the Mother of Cheyte Sing, and the taking of the Place of their lielidence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Duplicate of all Correspondence relative to the State and Alterations in the Government, and concerning the Lauded Revenues, or the Appointment or Removal of any Naib, or Deputy, or Deputies, in the Province of Benares, and the Appointment thereto, or Removal therefrom, of any Resident, since the Settlement with Rajah Myhipnarain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co* pies or Duplicates of all Correspondence, or other Proceedings, relative to the Appointment of, or the Attempt to appoint, Richard. Joseph Sullivan, Esquire, late Secretary to the Select Committee at Madras, to be Ambassador from the Nabob of Arcot to the Governor General and Council at Calcutta, and also to be Ambassador from the Governor General and Council) of Calcutta to the Nabob of Arcot, and also to be Ambassador from the Governor General and Council, to the Nizam or Soubah of The Decan, from the Date, of the Proceedings which have been reported by the Committee of Secrecy appointed to esquire, into the Causes of the Carnatic War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors, relative to their Censure of his ConduQj at Benares, ordered by the said Warren Hastings to be printed; and also the Answer of the Court 01 Directors thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Paragraph in the Letter of the Court of Directors, to the Governor General and Council of Fort William, dated, 1,0th March 1785, permitting the Governor General Warren Hastings, Esquire, to resign thq Government of Bengal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 21* die Febrtiarii;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of any Letters, {hewing an Account of the Number of the Persons which the Regums of Oude have at liny Time stated they were under the Necessity of maintaining.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Minutes of Consultation, 01* other Proceedings, relative to the Governor General of Bengal's last Deputation to Lucknow, and the Refutation not to fend a Resident thither*, together with the Instructions and Powers given to tb3 laid Governor General.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Duplicate of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Fort William to the President and Select Committee of Bombay, dated 26th December 1781, and received by The Lively, 24th Maiy »783-

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Minutes of Consultation and Correspondence, and Instructions, relative to Negotiations carried on with the Court erf since January

1780. *

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, C9.-pfes or Duplicates of all Correspondence and Proceedings relative to the Nabob of Eurruckabad, nerf reported in the Reports of the Carnatic or Judicature Committees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence and other Proceedings, relative to a Mahometan Seminary established at Calcutta.

Vol. 41.

Anno 26* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1786:

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Seaford tion the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Eledioo. and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fob-feribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting, James Wool-gar and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, Baronets, for the said Town and Port, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker Member* to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- summoned. quire the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Adjoum-Ninety-two Members only being found to be pre- ment* lent, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, till Tomorrow, Three of toe Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

340

13° Februarii

Seaford

Election.

Members

summoned.

178

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so %Icrcurii, 22° die Februarii; drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being

complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the _ tIT,„ _ . Cleric to the said Counsel.

Anno 20 Georgii III Regis, 1786, And the Door of the House being opened;

'The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera' tion the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and allb, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Sea* ford, in the County of Sussex; and also the Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting, Janies Who/gat', and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Peter Parker, and Sir John Henderson, Baronets, for the said Town and Port being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-liness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

- And being returned;

The Iloule was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-two Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the said Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John derson. Baronets, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the said Petitioners severally informed the House, that the Interests of the Petitioners being distinct and separate from each other, they desired to appear as different Parties; to which no Objection being made by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, as in the same of there being more than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the House.

Then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Considera tion.

And the same being read accordingly;

The N ames of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names ofthofe who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had be-46re verified upon Oath; One, on Account of his being a Member against whose Return ol Petition was depending; Four, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; -and Two, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Se-Ject Committees.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol at Debtors Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was presented to Pet*tiou. the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Air. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Gibraltar cording to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render I*1"** more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty " third Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to " pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at raltar the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish " Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men " on board any of His Majesty s Ships of War, taking " or destroying Ships of War belonging to the " EnemyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Road Hockliff*. between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Hoad*.

Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the present Acts for repairing the said Road are now near expiring, and will shortly expire, unless thd same be continued by Authority of Parliament: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford,

" and Stony Stratford, in the County of and also, to continue, and render more effectual, One other Act of* Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render " more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County " of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of " Buckingham."

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Pratt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Alorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Town- Monkton Ibip and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the lacMura. City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

Odilingtan

Inclosure.

Dunstable

Hoad.

Alloa

Harbour.

26 Geo. III.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common IVJeadows, and Pastures, ami Commonable or Waste Lands, wjitliin the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master, the Lord Apsley, &c.: And they are to meet tips Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chqfebpr-

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn*in Dunstable, in, the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up so Shafford House, in the County of Hertford was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to the Lord Grimston, Mr. Plurner, &c.: And they are to mpet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A lJetition of John Jameson, Baillie of the Town of Alloa, the only forviving Trustee on Behalf of the said Town, and George Abercromby, of Tullibody, the only forviving Overseer, both named in an Act, passed in thf Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, imposing certain Duties as therein is mentioned, for repairing the Pier of the Harbour of AUoa, in the County of was

prelected to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended or sold w itlija the Town and Barony of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, and also, a Duty of Anchorage for Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that should be either brewed; brought into, tapped, or fold within the said Town and Barony of Alloa, or the Liberties thereof, and also, the Sum of One Half-penny Sterling per Ton w'as charged upon every Ship or Vessel arriving in the Harbour of the said Town, to be applied to the Repair of the Pier, and for rendering the said Harbour more commodious; and divers Provisions, Powers, and Directions, are contained in the said Act, for railing, managing, and applying of the said Duties, which was to have Continuance from and after the lft Day of October 1754, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that from the Produce of the Rates and Duties raised under the Authority of the said Act, the said Pier has been amended, and kept in Repair, and the Harbour greatly improved, and rendered more commodious for Shipping; but the said Pier and Harbour cannot be kept in Repair, or for ther improved, unlefe the Duty on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels be continued for a further Term of Years from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Act, and the Rate thereof increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Duty on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the said Town of Alloa, for the Purpose of repairing, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Pier and Harbour, and for further improving the lame, for such Term, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Directions, as to the House foal I seem meat.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to foe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-r mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lha.ll appear to them, to the House:

Z4I

And it ip referred to Sir Thomas Panda*, the Ma^qgW

of Gfahqspf &c.: And they are to meet 'so-won-ow

Morning, at Nine of the Clojck, in the Speaker’s Cham,-

,hex; and have Tower to fend for TerfoDs, Papers, and

Records.

Mr. Royd reported from the Committee, to whom Wareham, the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the *c-Uoads, Sixth Year of His prel’ent Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keepiqg in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Purfyck, in the County of Dorset, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with foe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where foe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon thp Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers of the Borough of Lei- Shop Tax. cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel themselves concerned at the Necessity they are under of laying before the House the Grievance they sustain by the Act lately passed for imposing a Duty on Retail Shops; an Act, in their Judgment, partial, because the Retail Traders cannot, in any Degree, be indemnified by adding to foe Prime Colt of their Goods, and thereby laying any Part of foe Duty upon the Consumera; without lofrng their Trade, consequently they alone muff sustain the Burthen of the Tax; and that, as Housekeepers, foe Petitioners are subject to many other heavy Taxes in respect to their Houses and Windows, and the Relief of the Poor (in the said Borough very numerous and expensive) and as Shopkeepers they are more particularly pppressed in those Respects, as they are under a Necessity of living in those Houses which are in the most convenient Parts of thq Town, and on that Account contribute more than the other Inhabitants towards the Payment of foafe Taxes:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Coplideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the Circumstances of the same foall require.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers residing in the Ditto.

City of Nonoich, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Band the Retail Traders, on whom alone that Duty is to he levied, are Persons already labouring under heavy Burthens, and many of them scarcely able to support foemfelyes and Families with any Degree of Credit, and they consider foemselves therefore, with great Impropriety fiugfed out from foe general M&& of foeir Fellow Subjects, as foe Objects of severe Taxation; and that foe Petitioners have observed, that the Want of a practical Know ledge of Tt;ade has induced foe Advocates of the said Tax to state, that it would fall not on the Vender, hut on the Cqnfumer, ,of Articles in which they deal; and, was that Aifertfon well founded, he would have no Rculbn to complain, for could he reimburse himself in one Ioftance, he might, in many others to the great Detriment and Diladvaotage of the Public, but thf Fast is diametrically opposite, as every Tax laid upon a specific Article forms a Part of the Prime Cust of that Article, and goes to every Trader alike, and the said Tax varies not according to the Ability of foe Trader, or the Magnitude of his Concerns, but

3Q t»

't%°Febrttarii.

Slop Tax.

242 22° Februarii. 178

to the fluctuating Circumstance of his local Situation, and as it cannot be laid on the Consumer, it imift

?ierate as an additional House Tax upon the Retail raders, to which no other Persons are called upon to contribute; and that the Petitioners are also confident, from their Experience of the House Tax, and all other personal Taxes, that the Duty in Question cannot be annexed to the Articles the Traders fell, unless, by a mistaken Policy in Taxation, personal Taxes should be so heaped upon the Retail Traders, that their Shops must be deserted, the Number of Bankruptcies increased, and the inferior Order of Shopkeepers, with their Families, driven to the Necessity of applying for Relief to their Parishes, and then the remaining few, who have weathered the Storm, may be enabled to enter into a Combination, and charge such an Advance on the Commodities they deal in, as may repay them, not only the Shop Tax, but every other personal 'Fax they are at present charged with; and that the Petitioners are ready to contribute to the Exigencies of the State with Chearful-ness and Alacrity, but at the same Time they trust the Wisdom and Justice of their Representatives will not fuller the Retail Traders to be borne down by the Weight of unequal and partial Imposts: And therefore requesting the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them Relief by a Repeal of the Act.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of Edinburgh, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the l ilt Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great , a very heavy

and burthensome Tax is imposed on the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Principle of all Taxations to be, that the Burthens necessary to be imposed for the Support of a State should be levied on the whole Members of that State, as equally as the Nature of Circumltunces will admit, and in Proportion to the Ability of those Members, and that it never can be the Intention of the Legislature to impose a Tax on any One Description of Men, who have already contributed their full Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, whilst others, far better enabled to bear such an Imposition, are totally exempted; and that the Petitioners have, from the Beginning, maintained that the Tax on Retail Shops is a personal One, and they have now the Sanction of Experience to confirm them in the Opinion they had formed of it; a Tax imposed on any sperific Article comes, in the first Instance, to the Trader, it forms Part of his Prime Cost, and he levies it from the . Consumer, by railing the Price of the Commodity, but the present Tax, being assessed by the Rent of the Shop, can never be raised from the Consumer, and its Operation is precisely the same with the House Tax, and others collected by the Rate of the Rent, which never has, nor never can be, laid on the Consumer; and that it has been asserted by the Advocates for the Tax on Retail Shops, that the Shopkeepers can lay it on the Consumer, but, when the Nature of a Retail Business is considered, this will appear impossible, for, were the Petitioners to endeavour to proportion the Tax among the great Variety of Articles in which, as Retailers, they must necessarily deal, it would be almost beyond the Power of Calculation to do so; and, however specious the Arguments of the Friends of the Tax may appear on a superficial View of them, the Petitioners declare, from Experience, that it is not possible for the present Tax ever to fall on the Consumer, and it can be considered in no other Light, than as a personal Tax, the Burthen of which must be defrayed by the Retailer out of his Profits; and that the Rent which a Person pays for his Shop (and which is the Rule by which the present Tax is

assessed) is in very many Cafes a fallacious Criterion of judging of his Ability to pay a Tax; Shopkeepers owe much of their Trade to Situation; hence the Desire which every one has for the most public Places in Towns, and hence the extravagant Rents which Shopkeepers are obliged to pay; they must content themselves with trifling Profits to enable them to defray those heavy Rents, and to defray the Expence of many taxed Commodities, of which they necessarily consume a much greater Quantity than any other Description of Men,-and when it is considered that out of these Profits they have now also an additional heavy Tax to pay, they hope the peculiar Hardship of their Situation will merit the Attention of the Legislature. Upon the Whole, the Petitioners apprehend it to be evident, that the Tax on Shops cannot be laid on the Consumer, but must be paid as a personal Tax by the Retail Traders: And, therefore, they hope and trust that the House, when they consider how readily the Retail Traders have at all Times contributed their Portion to the Exigencies of the State, and how heavily they are at present burthened, will not deem them in such a State of Opulence as to be marked out as the Objects of a Tax, to which no Men of independent Fortune, nor even a Merchant or Wholesale Trader, contribute any Thing; and the Petitioners therefore trust with Confidence in the Justice of the House for a Repeal of the said Tax, which they must consider as partial in its Principle, and which they have every Reason to fear will prove ruinous in its Consequences.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, is referred.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom RougemoDt'*, the Bill for naturalizing John Henry and *c* NaU

Lewis Guy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Pawn-Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty broker*»

King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of " Persons 'who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pofsession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Presences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of "Goods; for the easy. Redemption of Goods pawned;

" and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," lb far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Alderman Sa, &e.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Clitheroe Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Inclosure. Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lister,

Mr.

Liverpool

Road*

Tenterden

Road.

16 Geo. III. zo° Februarii. 243

Mr. Gascoyne, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for more efl'e3ually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool in the County of , in

Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru3ion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution on Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent, and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothf , and allb the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden to Dashmanden, in the Parish of in

the said County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, except with respect to the said Road leading from Bull Green to Hothfeld Heath, and also the said Road leading from Bull Green, through High Halden to Dashmanden, whereon no Turnpike has been erected, nor Toll taken; and that the Petitioners have made great Propels in amending the other Road included in the said Act, and, in order thereto, have taken up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of to the Entrance

of the Town of Ashford, the Sum of 1,950/. which is Rill due, but, from the Nature of the Soil, «nd other Circumstances, the Petitioners find that the said Road cannot be compleated, and kept in . Repair for the future, nor the Money borrowed, with the Interest thereupon, be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hony-

tcood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

Vol, 41.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Manufa3urers of the County and City of Worcester, and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys already taken, that a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, at or near the Town of Stourbridge, by or near to the Town of to join

and communicate with the River Secern, at a Place called Diglis, near to the City of Worcester', and that, by Means of such Cut or Canal, a better and more certain Communication than at present will be opened, for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol and Hull, and also between the Town of Birmingham, the large Manufa3ories in the Weigh-bourbood thereof, and the Cities of cester, and Bristol, and the several other intermediate Parts, and the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Wilts, and Ber/cs, will be supplied with Coals from the large

and extensive Coal Mines lying upon the Line of the Stourbridge, Dudley, and Birmingham Canals, in a more constant and' regular Manner than at present, and many other Benefits will result to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be riven to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Stourbridge Canal Navigation to join and communicate with the said River Severn, at or near Diglis aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Foley, the Lord Westcote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.'

A Petition of the Honourable and Reverend Saint Andrew Saint John, Do3or in Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary ut Worcester, and the Chapter of the same Church, Lords of the Manor of Harviin the County of Worcester, whole Common Seal is thereunto annexed, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Land within the said Manor and Pai i(b, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor and Parish arc co-extensive, and contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their prefeot State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much in-creafod in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Efocard Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most eff(.3ual Means for their Encouragement and' Extension, and to report the same from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progrds in the

Matters

Stourbridge

Canal.

Harvington Inclosure.

Rritiih 1 ishcrie*.

Worstfop

Jtoad,

244

c

Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to ’eport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered- \t in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and die Resolutions of the Com* tnittee are as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings Ton be laid upon every Ship or Vessel (not being built, owned

by J British Subjecte, and navigated according to Law) importing Turbots into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon all Turbots, measurtng from the Eye to Extent of the Tail Sixteen Inches, which shall be caught by the Crews of British Vedels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or upwards, and imported into the Port of fjjhffrtr for the Term of Three Years, there shall be uua a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Score; for all theft. Turbots, so imported in the next succeeding Year, there shall be paid a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Score; and for all such Turbots, so imported in the Year then next following, there shall be paid a Bounty of Ten Shillings per Score.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Fifty Pounds be allowed for the greeted Number of Turbots, of the Dimensions aforesaid, caught and imported into die Port of London, in any One Year, by any British Vessel; that a Bounty of Forty Pounds be allowed for the next greatest Number ef such Turbots (o caught and imported within the same Period; and that a Bounty of Thirty Pounds be allowed for die next greatest Number of such Turbots so caught and imported within the same Period.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the

Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B.A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers, in HaUamshire, in die County of York, under their Common Seal, and of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the same County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, worth, and Damall, to the North East End of diffie, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Shffield; and Setting forth, That the said Bill is intended to repeal a Provilb contained in the said Act, which prohibits the erecting of any Toll Gate nearer to Atterchffe than svithin Twenty Yards of the Blacksmith’s Smithy at The Three Lane Ends, near aforesaid, or

any Side Bar betwixt Handsworth and Attercliffe aforesaid, except such Side Bar as is therein mentioned and described, and atfo, to impower the Trustees of the said Road to erect ns many Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across the said Road, and also upon the Side or Sides thereof, and across any Lane or Way leading onto or lying near the fame, and to take the Tolls and Duties directed by the said former Act, as the said Trustees shall think proper to appoint; and that the said Proviso was agreed to, and established by the said Act, in favour of the Petitioners, before the making

178 6*

of the said Turnpike Road, and was intended to prevent any additional Charge on the Coal used in the Manufacture of Cutlery Wares at Sheffield, and it appears to the Petitioners, that a Repeal of the said Proviso, and the granting of such Powers to the Trustees of the said Road as before mentioned, will occasion an immediate and very considerable Advance on the Price of Coals in that Neighbourhood, and of consequence be highly detrimental to the Sheffield Manufactory, as well as to Individuals in general: And therefore praying, That the said Proviso in the said Act may be yet continued, that the Petitioners may have the full Benefit thereof, and that no Clause in the said Bill, which hath a Tendency to repeal the said Proviso, or to enable the Trustees to erect any Gate or Turnpike in, upon, or across the said Road, or any Side Bar (other than as in the said Act mentioned and described) or to take any Tolls or Duties whatsoever, nearer to Attercliffe than within Twenty Yards of the Blacksmith’s Smithy at The Three Lane Ends, near Handsworth aforesaid, may be allowed or suffered to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Sinnington, Salisbury, on the Behalf of himself and of the several inclosuie. other Persons who are Owners of divers Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Town-ships of Sinnington with Marion and Edstone, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships,

Three Open Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Sinnington Common, Marton and Edstone Common, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would he of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, if the same were indofed and divided into 1'pecific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purpolts, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. John Thomas EUis, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, reported from (he Committee Liverpool to whom the Petition of the Rectors of the New Church Church, &c. and Parochial Chapel of Livei'pool, and of the Parishioners, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matte? of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and bg read the Jleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third was read; whereby it appeared, that the Town of Liverpool should he a distiuft Pat rife, and divided from the Parish of Walton, and from the Cure of the Rector and Vicar thereof, and discharged of all Tythes, Oblations, Obvcotions, Mpr-tuaries, Easter Books, and oilier Parochial Duties; and that the Inhabitants of Liverpool should build a new Church, and provide and inclose a Church Yard about the fame, and also build Houses and make Gardens for the Rectors of the said Church and Parochial Chapel; and that there should be Two Rectors of the said Town and Parish with a perpetual Succession, the one for the said New Church, and the

other

22° Februariu

a6 Geo. III. 22* Feiruaru. 245

other for the ‘said Parochial Chapel, who should enjoy all Tythes, Offerings, Oblations, Obventions, and-Other Ecclesiastical Benefits and Advantages within the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, as the Rector and Vicar of IVaiton were entitled to within the same, and also the said Hordes for their Habitations; and that for erecting the said new Church, and Houses, such Sums as should be necessary, not exceeding 4,000l. should be raised in Manner mentioned in the said Act — 'And that such a Yearly Rate or Assessment should he raised and made within the said Town and Liberties, for the Use of the said Rectors, as should, with the Tythes due to them, amount to 200l. Yearly, at the least — Then,

Mr. James Sudell being examined, said, That ever since the passing the said Act, the Sum of-200l. hath been Annually raised for the Use of the said Rectors, including the Tythes mentioned in the said Act to be due to them, but that no Satisfaction hath been made to them for the Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Books, and other Parochial Duties, by the said Act directed to be enjoyed by them, neither hath any House or Garden been built or made for their or either of their Use, but in lieu thereof they have received Ten Pounds a Year each; the said,0001, having been expended in building the said Parish Church, and that there is not at present any Power to raile Money for building and making any Houses or Gardens, or to make any Satisfaction to the Rectors for the said Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter Books, Offerings, and other Ecclesiastical Duties payable to them.

That in the Year 1718 the said Parochial Chapel was enlarged, by building a new Gallery, and erecting Scats therein at the Expence of the Corporation of Liverpool, by virtue of a Faculty from the Ordinary of the Diocese of Chester, and the Profits of the said Seats were directed to be applied to the Use of the said Rectors, unless they should inlist upon having Houses, in which same the Corporation were empowered to let and take the Profits of the said Seats, until they should be reiuibursed the Charge of making the said Enlargement, and building the said Gallery and Seats; a'nd that the Rectors of Liverpool, from the Time of obtaining the said Faculty, have let and received the Profits of the said Seats.

That the said Town of Liverpool, since making the said Act, hath greatly increased in Extent and Population, and all the Stipends, Salaries, and Provisions, hitherto provided for the said Rectors (including Surplice Fees) are a very inadequate and insufficient Provision for the Rectors of lb large a mercantile Town and populous Parish as Liverpool, the whole Amount thereof to the present Rectors never having exceeded the clear Annual Sum of 213/. each.

That, at an Annual Vestry held for the said Parish,

- according to the Directions of the said Act, on Easter Tuesday Taft, the Pariftuoners present were of Opinion, that the Income of the said Rectors was inadequate, and ought to be increased, and that the Sum of One hundred Pounds a Year should be added to the Income of each of the said Rectors, in lieu of all Tythes, Oblations, Obventious, Mortuaries, and all other Ec-clcfiafrical Benefits which they claimed, but which they did <not then enjoy; and that the same should be raised by a Tax upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses, except such as were under the Yearly Value of Five Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, and the Lord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Liverpool Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, presented to the House, ac-

Sirteis, . cording to Order, a Bill for opening, making, widening, Vol. 41.

and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nui-fanees and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending lb much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His pre-lent Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Ilrhester attend this House, immediately, with the last Return Return for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, amended* and amend the lame, by rating out the Name of John Harcourt, Esquire, and inferring the Name of George Johnstone, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Peterbo-to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ rouSh for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Return* Parliament for the City of Peterborough. in the County or Northampton, in the room of James Phipps, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Retail Dealers, Inhabitants of the Shop Tax. City and Liberty of Westminster, who have petitioned this House for a Repeal of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain duties on Shops within Great Britain, be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of their said Petition, before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for amending and reducing Militia, into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Exporting

was read a Second Time. Hops.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply Bills the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and Malt, Sec. granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly repeated from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ' in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Lund Tax.

3R the

Bengal

Judicature.

Seaford

Election.

American

Trade.

Seaford

Election.

22° Februarii. A. 1786.

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Stuart, taken at any Times by the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Judicature in Bengal.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unfiruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Arthur Holdsworth, Esquire, Lord Viscount ston, John Bond, Esquire, the Honourable George field Berkeley, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, John Blackburne Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Henry Duncombe, Esquire, Richard Esquire, William

Colhoun, Esquire, Sir James Langham, Baronet.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

A Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " preventing certain Inltruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of " America-, and to give to Mis Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the " said United States j" and for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made

in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, " for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty s Dominions, and the Inhabitants " of the United States of America, to the Trade and " Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies " and Plantations in America, with respect to certain " Articles therein mentioned," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mbrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Thirteen Members, before-mentioned, being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee informed the House, That the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, and James Martin, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, and James Martin, Esquire, were added to the the said Lift of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the county of;

and also, the Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting, James Wo, and John Wool-gar, of Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith tn One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Board of Naval Officers appointed in \vhitfaad 1784, to enquire if an Euemy can land in hitsand buy.

Buy-,

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Ditto, poled. That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Note ligned by the Naval Officers who were at Plymouth, desiring that the Report of Lieutenant Iiockings, Engineer, respecting Whitsand Bay and Coast adjacent, might stand upon the Minutes of their Proceedings, because it corresponds with the Idea they entertain of the Difficulty and Danger of attempting to land in that Bay, it being no Road-stead, and lb much avoided by our own Ships, they cannot suppose the Fleet of an Enemy would hazard an Anchorage there; and also, a Copy of Lieutenant Hockings's said Report.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Army Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Account*. Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of the effective Infantry in England, in the Month of July 1779; and likewise of the Number wanting to compleat the Establishment in the said Period, specifying the several Corps.

Aud the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to ^tate give Directions that there be laid before this House, rmy’ a State of the British Army, as distributed in the different Parts of the World, in the Months of June and December in the Years 1778, 1779, 1780, 1781, and 1782; and likewise of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain at those several Periods.

Ordered, That' the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion w*as made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Army Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Accounti* Directions that there be laid before this House, a Return of the Number of Etfeftive Men in the Portsmouth

Address — Force* in South Britain.

Motion for Paper respecting Fortifications.

Way* and Mttuu.

Supply.

Lincafler

Elc&ion.

Member*

flUUIUOQcd.

26 Geo. III. 22® — 23°

mouth and Plymouth Divisions in the Month of August 1779-

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a State of the Distribution of the Land Force in Britain,

in the Month of August in the Years 1779,17S0, 1781, and 1782.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House a Copy of the 3rd Datum, referred to in the Extracts horn the Report made to His Majesty by the Board of Land and Sea Officers appointed by His Majesty to invel'tigate and report on the proper System of Defence, and on the Expediency and Efficacy of the proposed Plans for better securing the Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth;

It paired in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23° die Tehruarii;

Anno 26® Georgii III'H Regis, 1786.

Prate rs.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John L Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, Esquires, for the said Borough, being

come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Two Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and

Vol. 41.

Februariu 247

the Counsel and Agents for the said Prancis Reynolds,

Esquire, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Abram Rawlinson, Esquire, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Members respectively informed the House* That Mr. Reynolds was a Joint Candidate at the Election with Mr. Lowther against Mr. Rawlinson; that Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Rawlinson had no common Interest; that the said Sitting Memliers were complained of by the Petitions now taken into Consideration, upon the Ground of Bribery at the said Election, which Charge, in its Nature, would affect them separately, as their Canvas at the Election had been separate; that it appeared by the Poll, that Mr. Rawlinson s Voters voted for him solely, but many Voters polled for Mr. Reynolds and the Petitioner; and that upon the whole the Interests of the Sitting Members being diliinft and separate from each other, they therefore desired to separate in their Defence; to which no material Objection being made by the Counsel for the Petitioners, the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the same of there being more than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the House.

Then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Six, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which the)' had before verified upon Oath; Two, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an Undue Election and Return; Fifteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; One, on Account of his having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, lb drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, lifts of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

Aud the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Com- Canwick monalty, of the City of Lincoln, Lords of the Manor of Inclosure. Canu:ick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and considerable Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Parish and Township of Canwick aforesaid, and having Right of Common in or upon a certain Common within or adjoining to the said Parish called Canwick, or The South Common, and of die several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Town and Parish of Canwick aforesaid, and also entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Town and Parish of Canwick, several Open and Common Fields,

Meadows,

2a8 2 30 Februarii. ' A. 1786.

Meadows, Failures, and Waste Lands, containing toge-.ther 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and there is a Common called Castwick or South Common, within or

adjoining to the Laid Parish, containing 240 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Open and Common 'Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and \Cafte Lands, and also the said Common, are commonable at certain Seasons of the Year, and, according to certain Rates or Stints, as well to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Estates within the Parish of Canwick aforesaid, as to divers Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, resident, for the Time being, within certain Distri&s of the said /City, and to other Persons, by Reason of their Property in or near the said Common, but not being Proprietors of any other Estates at Canwick aforesaid; and ithat it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Parties interested, if the said Common called Can-wick, or The South Common, was assigned and appropriated as and for a Common to be used, exercised, and enjoyed, by the said Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, resident, for the Time lieing, as aforesaid, and the said other Persons having Right of Common thereon (except the Proprietors and Occupiers of Estates within the Parish of Canwick aforesaid) according to the present Rates and Stints, and if the Limits, Extent, and Boundaries of the said Common were ascertained and declared, and if the said Common was divided and separated from such Lands and Grounds within jthe Parish of Canwick aforesaid, to which the same now adjoins and lies open, and, being so separated and divided, if the said Common was freed and for ever exonerated and discharged of and from all Rights of Common to be had or claimed by the Proprietors and -Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish of Canwick, and if, as a Compensation to the said Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Canwick aforesaid, for their Rights of Common in and upon the said Common, jcalled Canwick, or The South Common, all and every the Rights of Common, had, used, exercised, or claimed by the said Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, resident, for the Time being, as aforesaid, and the said other Persons having or claiming such Rights by Reason of their Property in or near the said Common, but not being Proprietors of any other Estates at Canwick aforesaid, in, upon, or over the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick aforesaid, were to cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished, and if the -said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands (which now fie intermixed and dispersed in iinall Parcels) were thereupon to be indofed and specifically allotted (freed and for ever exonerated and discharged of and from all Common Rights) to and amongst the several Persons and Proprietors of Estates at Canwick aforesaid, having Right, Interest, and Property in and over the fame, in Proportion and according to the Value of each such Person’s Right, Interest, and Property: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fenton Cawthorne and Mr. Savile do prepare,

and bring iu, the fame.

Shop Tax. A Petition of the Shopkeepers in the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the true Principle of all Taxes ought to be Impartiality and Equality, but it is with extreme Concern that they observe this Principle departed from by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament granting certain Sums of Money to be

o4

raised from Retail Shopkeepers, by which the Petitioners are compelled to contribute to the public Revenue in greater Proportion than the rest of their Fellow Citizens; and that, as the said Tax cannot possibly fall on the Consumer, because it cannot be distributed among the Articles in which the Petitioners deal, and as it falls upon one particular Defoription of Men, whilst others, in far more opulent Situations, are not at all affected by it, and is a Tax to be collected by a Pound Rate, k operates as a Second House Tax upon Retail Shopkeepers only, and therefore the Petitioners consider it as a Tax partial and burthenlbme in the Extreme; and that the Petitioners have at all Times chearfully contributed towards the Exigencies of the State, and are still willing to bear a just Proportion of the public Burthens in common with the rest of their Fellow' Citizens, in any other Way that the House shall think tit to adopt: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall appear most effectual to redress the Grievance above fat forth.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Dealers of Shop Tax. the Borough of Dei'by, in the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners conceive, that the late Act, imposing a Duty on all Retail Dealers, is extremely of-preflive and partial in its Consequences, and can, in no Point of View, be considered as being similar to ,a Tax which is laid on any specific Article of Trade, and which ultimately falls on the Consumer, but that, on the contrary, it operates strictly as a personal Tax on the Petitioners, who have no Means of relieving themselves from any Part of it; and Representing to the House, That, before the said Act passed into a law, the Petitioners contributed their Share to the public Taxes in common with their Fellow Citizens, and will at all Times chearfully bear their Proportion of such Taxes as the Exigencies of the State may require, but presume no substantial Reason can be assigned why they alone should be marked out as the Objects of the present Tax, which is fb apparently personal and burthensome: And therefore praying, That the House will grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem . meet and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, is referred.

Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, Richard's, a Bill for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George &c-Christian Matthicssen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer, was read Meyer>s ^at. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Call,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, Warebam, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for &c-amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of W areham, and in Pur beck, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for armending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Re* pair, several Roads leading from the Market Croft,

in

6 Geo. III. 230 Februarii. . 245?

Shottery

inclosure.

Stourbridge

Canal.

Bristol Bridge and Streets.

in the Town of Wareham, and in , in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Impropriator of the Great Tythes of the Common Fields of the Hamlet of , in the Parish

of Old Stratford, in the County of and a

Proprietor of Lands in the said Common Fields,' and the humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Stratford upon in the said County, Impropriators of the Small Tythes of the same Fields, and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, under their Common Seal, in Common Council assembled, and also of Thomas Esquire, the

Reverend William Daniel, and the other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, or some or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Shottery aforesaid, in the said Parish of Old Stratford, which lie intermixed and dif-perled, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. North, Sir Robert Lawley, and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed, That an Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal, from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, at or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the

River Secern, at Diglis, near the City of Worcester, and for the Improvement of the River Severn between the Cities of Worcester and; and that

the Petitioners are satisfied that great Benefit will arise to them, and the Country in general, by Means of the said intended Canal, and that the same will bring a larger Quantity of Coals to Market, and thereby reduce the Price thereof, and that the same will be of great public Utility; and therefore praying, That the House will permit the said Bill to pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City, was read a Second Time.

_ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cruger, Sir William Codrmgton, &c.: And they are to meet Vot« 41.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several, Trusteeis for executing Barton an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Ma- Waterfda jesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the repairing House Ro* " and widening the Road from Barton Waterside " House to Riseham Hedge Comet', and several other " Roads, in the County of Lincoln, therein merttinned," and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progrefc has been made in repairing and widening the Roads described in the said Act, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied to the Purposes of the Act; and that the said Act is defective, and further Provisions, Regulations, and Amendments, are necessary, and the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, the Money borrowed on the Credit of the former Act,'which is still due, cannot be repaid, nor the Roads described in the said Act continue to be properly repaired and widened: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisions, Regulations, and Amendments, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall1 appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Long, Mr. Lister, &c. i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Ecclesiastical Order, a Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Courts, the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more easy Recovery of Small Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Report which was Yesterday made British from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State Furies, of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resobed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Henry -Rougemout’s, moot and Lewis Guy, was read the Third Time. &c. Nat.

Resobed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Henry and

Lewis Guy.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting, to Supply Bill; His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Duties, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand 4c*

Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

3 S Perry,

American

Trade.

Marine

Force*.

Kxporting

Hops.

Answer to Addreflti.

250 2 30 Februani. . 1786.

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " preventing certain instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of America; " and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" and for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the

Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year " of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty " certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States " of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this " Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations " in America, with respect to certain Articles therein " mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Galway reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would

t.

be gradously pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty: And that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direction? accordingly.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Bengal Order, Judicature.

A Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence of Lieutenant ’ Colonel Robert Stewart, taken by the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Judicature in Bengal.

And the Title of the said Minutes was read.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being Lancaster again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Election, the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Robert Colt, Esquire, Robert Burton, Esquire, Henry Cecil, Esquire, Archibald Douglas, Esquire, John Esquire, Charles Lefebure, Esquire, Mart lock,

Esquire, Gabriel Steward, Esquire, John Moore, Esquire,

William Bellingham, Esquire, the Lord Apsley, Sir Edmund Affleck, Baronet, Thomas Steele, Esquire.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

The Thirteen Members, before-mentioned, being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House, That the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Edward Esquire, and John Rolle, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Edward Phehps, Esquire, and John Rolle, Esquire, were added to the said Lift of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Lowther, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Shop Tax. whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined

several

y '

a 6 Geo. III. 33° — 24°

several Witnesses, in Support of the said Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of; and

also, in Support of the Petition of the Retail Dealers, Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of and had closed the Evidence in behalf of the said Petitions; and, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 24* die Anno 26* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1786.

Praters.

Debtor* A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt

Petitions. x\. in the Sheriff’s Ward, in the County of Cornwall,

on Behalf of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majestys Gaol the Castle of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Bodmin A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

Roads. made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stm^bndge a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the River Secern, at a Place called Digits, near to the City of Worcester; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Undertaking will be of great public Benefit, and that by Means thereof Coals will be conveyed from the very extensive and valuable Collieries lying on the Line of the Stourbridge, Dudley, and Birmingham Canals, to the City of Gloucester, and the adjacent Country, at a cheaper Rate, and in a more plentiful and regular Manner, than at present, and the Conveyance of Goods and all Kinds of Merchandize to and from the said City of Gloucester, and the Town of Stourbridge,

Dudley, and Birmingham, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom in general, will be greatly facilitated, and the Price of Carriage reduced: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Canal and that the same may pals into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Vol. 41.

Februarii. 251

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Wivelif-Towns of Wiv eliscombe, Milverton, and Dulvcrton, in coral*, &c.

the County of Somerset, and of the several Gentlemen, Roads' Clergy, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, residing near, and travelling upon, the Roads hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Wiveliscombe aforesaid to R in the

Parish of Radington, in the County of Somerset, and from thence by Way of Gamblyn Cross, in the Parish of Skilgate, to and through the Village of Bury, and to the Turnpike Road leading from to Dulvcr-

ton aforesaid, at or near Hele Bridge, in the Parish of . Kingsbrompton, in the same County, and from Dulvcrton to the Turnpike Road leading from Southmoiton, in the County of Devon, towards Tiverton, at or near Bisk Mills, in the Parish of Bishop's in the said County of Devon, the Road from Radington aforesaid to Way Farm, in the Parish of in

the said County of Devon, the Road from Wiveliscombe aforesaid to Coxburrow, in the same Paiilli, and from thence through Fitzhead and to the

Turnpike Road leading from Taunton to Handy Cross, in the said County of Somerset, the Road from liscornbe, aforesaid, by Way of Ford, to in

the Parish of Brumpton Ralph, in the said County of Somerset, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Hartroro to Dunster, in the said County, the Road from Wiveliscombe aforesaid to and over Milverton and Langford Heath Fields, and to the Turnpike Road leading from Taunton aforesaid to Whitehall, in the Parish of SampfordArundle, in the said County of Somerset, at a Place called Homcbames, the Road from Coxburrow aforesaid to Bridge, and from thence to Rock Comer, in the said Town of Milverton, the Road from Ford Bridge, in Milverton aforesaid, by Way of Parish's Barn, unto the before-described Road leading from Wiveliscombe aforesaid, through Fitzhead and Northay, to the Turnpike Road from Taunton to Handy Cross, the Road from the said Place called Rock Comer, in the Town of Milverton aforesaid, unto the before-described Road leading from Wiveliscombe to Whiteball aforesaid, at or near the said Place called Langford Heathfield, the Road from Parish's Barn aforesaid to Pitsford Hill aforesaid, and the Road from Wiveliscombe aforesaid to Ci'uwys's Cross, and from thence by way of White-field, to Holcombe Water, in the Parish of Brumpton Ralph aforesaid, and also from Cross aforesaid to Wash Battle Mills, and from thence unto the Turnpike Road leading from Watchett to the Town of Bampton, in the said County of Devon, which said several Roads lie in the Parishes of Wiveliscomb, Chip-stable, Radington, Skilgate, Kingsbrompton, Dulverton, Brushford, Fitzhead, Lydeard, Saint Lawrence, Halse,

Ashpriors, Bishop's Lydeard, Brumpton Ralph, Tolland,

Ehcorthy, Monksilver, Stogumber, Milverton, Langford Budville, Thom Saint Margaret, Wellington, Sampford Arundle, Huish Champflower, and Upton, in the County of Somerset, and Clehanger, Bampton, East Ansfy, Mol-

land, and Bishop's Nympton, in the County of Devon, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads or Highways, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House dial I seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

West

Vennard

Inclosure.

American

Trade.

Selby, &e. Roads.

252 240 Februarii. A. 1786.

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. RoUe, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others entitled to Right of Common on certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Permard, in the County of Somerset, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, several Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, upon which the Petitioners and others claim to be entitled to Right of Common, as Owners of Tenements called Old Auster, or Ancient Tenements, situate within the said Parish of West Pennard, or elsewhere; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying open and uncultivated, and subject to TrespalTes, are of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of great Improvement by Means of a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of West Permard, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing " certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of America', and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Coramerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" and for further continuing, for a Time so be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for " giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in Amei'ica, with *" respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Road from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, in the said Riding, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an. Act was made, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from Seloy

to Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, as related to the said Road from Selby to Leeds, and aho a certain other Road, from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, to a Place called Holton Dyal, where it comes into the aforesaid Road from Selby to Leeds; and that, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his said late Majesty, the Road between Selby and Leeds is declared to be a separate District or Division, and the Road between Tadcaster and Holton Dyal is also declared to be another District or Division, and the Trustees to the said fidl-mentioned District or Division between Selby and Leeds have borrowed several Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in amending the said District or Division* of Road; and that the Term granted by the said Acts of the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of his said late Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the said Roads from Selby to Leeds, is now near expiring, notwithstanding the additional Term of Five Years granted by the General Turnpike Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the same Reign; and that the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, with the I11-terest due thereupon, and also the Money due for Materials and Labour within the said District or Division between Selby and Leeds, cannot be discharged, nor the said Road completed and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Terms grauted, and now subsisting, relating thereto, be enlarged, and some further and other Powers given: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilbet'force,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars Hawkers in the Counties of Lancaster and York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully convinced of the Impofiibility of carrying on their Business, with Advantage to themselves, or Safety to their Creditors, under the Pressure of those severe Restrictions imposed upon them last Session of Parliament, and, unless the House will remove the unmerited Imputation of their Trade being unfair, by a Repeal of the Ninth and Eleventh Sections of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and " Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," the Petitioners will be obliged to decline the fame, for, as they value their Characters, they will not pursue a Business against which Government seem to entertain such a pointed (though ill-grounded) Suspicion; and that the Petitioners are willing and even desirous, of contributing to the Exigencies of the State, as far as their Abilities will admit, and the Legislature think necessary to require; and although the several Duties laid upon them are really heavy, yet they will pay the same without a Murmer, provided they participate of that Liberty which is the inherent Right of -

born Subjects; and that, if the Petitioners Trade mull depend upon the Will of a new Tribunal, which . in some Places has already shewn their hostile Intentions, even without any Crime being alleged or proved, the Petitioners conceive their Situation is such as no Clals of Subjects ever before experienced in this Kingdom, and earnellly entreat the House to consider their unhappy Situation, and not force then* to the fad Alternatives of submitting to Ruin and

Slavery

Hon iton Election.

Adjourn-

ment.

"Westminster

Paving.

26 Geo. III. 2a° Februarn. 251

Slavery in Britain, or of abandoning their Native Land, and, that in future they may enjoy, in common with other loyal and inoffenlive Subjects, the Protection of their Sovereign and the British Senate: And therefore praying the House to consent to a Bill being brought in for the total Repeal of the Ninth and Eleventh Sections of the said Act, and permit them to be heard by themselves or Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward A'stley from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir George Collier, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Honiton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an ACi, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for empowering the Commissioners " for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for " paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, <c and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls " on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said " Acts," was read: And

Mr. Richard Miles being examined, laid, That the Sum of 35,000l. has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which, with the Income of the Tolls, have been duly applied; and that the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for empowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman JVilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Vow 41.

the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Accounts at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar presented Scot* to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into Rum im-North Britain, from The British West India , for Porte<1, Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Island from whence the same was imported: And also; .

An Account of the Sums arising from the Duties on Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Houses. Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland, between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, Dunt011 Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, and Common Grounds, of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, are subject to frequent Trespasses, and cannot, in their present Condition, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would be an Advantage to the several Parties interested, if the said Common and Open Fields, and Common Grounds, were inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, and Common Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Smith and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Exporting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Hop8* regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to w*y* "d resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Medns-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and 'Wisbeach, enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Fifth Year of &c> Rott<Js* His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the 3 T Drain

GoogR

Wats Croft Hoads.

Tenterden

Hoad.

154 240 Febrmrii. A. 1786.

Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's through the Town of Great to a House known

Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town

to the Sign of The Bear in Walsoken, in the County of of A in the County of Kent; and also, the Road

Norfolk, and from Walsoken Bridge (lying over the leading from Bull Green aforesaid to

fame Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid.

Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the through High Malden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish Welt Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in of in the said County of Kent: And that

the County of Norfolk, and from the East End of Ger- Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring man's Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long in, the fame.

Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn,

in the said County of Norfolk, and from Islington afore- Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Alloa said to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County, was read a whom the Petition of John Jameson, Baillie of the Town Harbour. Second Time. of Alloa, the only surviving Trustee on Behalf of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wal- said Town, and George of Tullibody, the

pole, Mr. Mitford, &c.: And they are to meet this only surviving Overseer, both named in an Act, passed in Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in foe Speaker’s the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Chamber. King George the Second, imposing certain Duties a»

therein is mentioned, for repairing the Pier of the Har- Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom hour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, was re-foe Bill for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of the Fifth ferred; That the Committee had examined foe Matter and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the of the said Petition; and had directed him to report foe same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read Cross to Cowden, and from Seoenoaks Common to Crock- the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in hurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Southborough, in the County of Kent, was committed; as followeth; .

That foe Committee had examined the Allegations of To prove foe Allegations of foe said Petition, an Act, foe Bill, and found the same to be true; and that foe passed in foe Twenty-seventh Year of foe Reign of his Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘‘ An Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to " Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-report to foe House; and he read the Report in his " sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint Place; and afterwards delivered foe Bill, with the " of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, vended, or fold Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the " within the Town and Barony of Alloa, in foe County Amendments were Once read throughout; and then of Clackmannan; and also a Duty of Anchorage for a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- " Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of the tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the " said Town, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour,"

House. was read: And,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. William Jameson being examined, laid, That ingrossed. the Produce of foe Duties granted by foe said Act, for

foe Repair of the Pier of the said Harbour, has been Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom applied according to foe Directions of foe said Act, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are whereby foe Pier and Harbour have been greatly im-foereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an proved; but that feme further Improvements are necessary Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of His to be made, in order to render the said Harbour more present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the safe and commodious; which Purposes cannot be Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of effected unlefe the Term of the said Act be further con-Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through tinued, and foe Duty now payable by Vessels anchoring the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by foe in foe said Harbour be increased.

Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Ashford, in the County of Kent, and also, foe Road continue, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath, passed in the Tw enty-seventh Year of foe Reign of his and also, foe Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, late Majesty King the Second, as imposes a Duty

through High Halden to Dashmanden, in foe Parish of on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa,

Biddenden, in the said County of Kent, was referred; in foe County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of That foe Committee had examined, and found that the the said Harbour: And that Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. Hew Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April Dalrymple, and Mr. Peter Johnstone, do prepare, and 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; bring in, the fame, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the

laid Petition; and had directed him to report the same, A Bill for continuing foe Term, and altering and as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read foe enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, the Clerk’s Table: Where foe feme was read; and is as widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and followeth; viz. near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, was

To prove foe Allegations of the said Petition, the said read a Second Time.

Act was read: And, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. William Finch being examined, said, That the Mr. Bastard, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon

the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from Marine be repaid unlefe foe Term of foe feid Act be en- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Forces* larged. for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for while on Snore, was committed, the Amendments continuing the Term of an Act of foe Seventh Year which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening foe which they had directed him to report to the House;

Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and delivered the Bill, with foe Amendments, in at foe

06 Clerk’s

Spittlegate Hill Roads*

Bawtiy

Bridge

PnaHt,

26 Geq. III. 24° Febmariu 25c

Clerk’s Table: Whew the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be iogroded.

Sir John Thoroid reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two AOs, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Kins George the First, and the Twelfth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from HiU,

near Grantham, in the County of , to Little

Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from Spittlegate HiU to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, and an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Acts as relates to the said last-mestioned Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him. to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Lely, Treasurer to the Trust, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and of the Two Acts therein referred to, so far as the same relate to the Road from Spittlegate HiU to Foston Bridge, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, amounting to 3,300/; and that there is likewise owing to the Trea-forer the Sum of 563 /. for Money advanced by him for Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, and other Contingencies — That the Amount of the Tolls for 6 Years last past, to Midsummer 1785, have produced, upon an Average, the Annual Sum of 511/. or thereabouts; and that the Repair of the Roads during the same time has amounted Annually to the Sum of 433/. or thereabouts; so that there remains only the Annual Sum of 78 / or thereabouts, for Payment of Interest, Salary to Officers, and other Expences — That, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and further provisions made for the Alteration and Amendment of the said Act, the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid.

Mr. William Parker being examined, said. That the Materials which are at present made Ule of for the Road, being chiefly Stone, are exceedingly had; and that better Materials, which are intended to be fetched to put the Road in good Repair, lie at the Difiance of about Five Miles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also, of Two Acts, made, pne in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so. far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln: And that Sir John Thoroid and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Bridge in the

Vol. 41.

County of Nottingham, to Hmnton, in the County of

Lincoln, and from North Willingham to the North. End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Lang ton, and from West Raifiin to Pilford. Bridge, and from the Great Road near Bishop Btidge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of Morton to and from

Haxey Field to The Trent, at Kimald Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Progress hath been made in amending the Roads in the Two first Districts comprised in the said Act, in doing which, the Tolls arising within the same respectively, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads within the said Two first Districts be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relate to those Districts, are continued, amended, and enlarged:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ft shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thoroid, Mr. Vyper, Ac.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Moming next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Militia. Reading of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to foe Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Wednesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March," and inferring the Words, " Monday, the 3d Day of April," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words, " Wednesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March," Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Papers suant to their Addresses to His Majesty. respecting

N° 1. State of the British Army from June 1778 to tl,e Anny‘ December 1782, and of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, for the same Time: And also,

N° 2. State of the Distribution of the Land Force in South Britain, August 1779: And also

N° 3. State of the Distribution of the Land Force in South Brit cun, August. 1780: And also,

N° 4. State of the Distribution of the Land Force in South Britain, August 1781: And also,'

N° 5. State of the Distribution of the Land Force in South Britain, August 1782.

And

tail Gria-Itead Writ.

Somerfhara

Manor.

Cropwell-

Butler

Inclosure.

2t46 — a 70 Februarii. A. 178

And the Tides of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the -electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grimtead, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Henry Arthur Herbert Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Somersham, with the Soke thereof, in the County of Huntingdon; and that the Boundary of the said Manor, with the Soke thereof, is not at present properly ascertained, and Disputes may arise touching the fame, and, in order to prevent all such Disputes, the Petitioner is desirous that the said Boundary may be ascertained and fixed by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Boundary of the Manor of Somersham aforesaid, with the Soke thereof, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 27* die Februarii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786.

PllAY ERS.

*rOHN Peter Richard, and George J thiessen, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of George Chaworth, and others, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Cropwell-Butler, in the Ptfnsh of Tithby, in the County of Nottingham, and also of certain Lands intermixed therewith, reputed to belong to the Manor of Cropwell-Bishop adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Reids, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the iiud Petition: And that

Mr. Meadows and Lord Edward Benlinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jonas Bettison, John Parr, John Taylor, Radcliffe and others, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Radcliff' upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other the Open Lands aforementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medows and Lord Edward Bentmck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Exe- Chatteris cution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign Ferry Roa* of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ameuding the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris " and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence " to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech " aforesaid, through Outwell, to Doumham Bridge, in the " County of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts " for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and " March," and also of the Creditors under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, hath been expended; and that the' Debt contracted cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended, and kept in proper Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Sir Henry Peyton, Mr. Jolitffe,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough Newport, of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Borough, are irregularly paved, and not properly cleansed or lighted, and are much incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and there is no regular Nightly Watch within the said Borough; and that it would be a great Safety and Convenience to- the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all Persons resorting thereto, if proper Provisions were established for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and for Removal of present and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

i*

26 Geo. III. 270 Februarii. 157

in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purposes, under such A Petition of the Trdltees for carrying into Exe- 'Kid welly it. Regulations as to the House shall seem meet' , cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Consideration of a Committee: And that they.do examine " Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall " several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County appear to them, to the House: " of Cand also several Roads leading from

And it is referred to Mr. Rushrcorth, Sir Grey " Llandilo, in the said County," so far as the same re-Cooper, See.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday lates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, the said County, was presented to the House, and and Records. read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have pro-

ceeded to carry the said Act into Execution with re- Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom speft to the said District of Roads, and have borrowed the Bill to enable Cornelius Salvidge, alias Savage, now a considerable Sum of Money for defraying the Ex-called Cornelius Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to pences of making and repairing the fame, which ltill take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of remains due; and that the Term of the said Act, so Samuel Tutton, Esquire, deceased, was committed; far as relates to the said District of Roads, is near ex-That the Committee had examined the Allegations of paring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe- fyid Term be enlarged, and some further Powers veral Amendments thereunto, which they bad di- given for those Purposes; and alleging, That the rested him to report to the House; and he read the Roads leading from the Great Mountain, near ThomaS Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Wit kin, the Collier’s House, in the Parish of Llandebye,

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: in the said County of Carmarthen, over

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; by or near John Hugh, of s House, to join

and then1 a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Pont y Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the clerk, leading from the Market Town of Llanelly to House. the Market Town of Llandilo fawr, in the said County;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be also, from the Village of Llandebye, through the River ingrossed. Lash, to the Great Mountain Gate, by or near the

House of the late John Evan Rees, over the said Great A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in the Mountain, in the several Parishes of Llanxihangel,

County Prison in Devonshire, on Behalf of themselves Aberbylhich, and Llanarthney, to join the Turnpike and others: And also, Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen, through

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in Maidstone the Village of Llantharog, by or near the House of the

Gaol; late Walter Rees Thomas, to Mynidd Ferries, in the

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Parish of Llanedy, in the said County; also, from Complaining of their Distrefe, and praying Amman Bridge, in the Parish of Bettws, in the said Relief. ’ County of Carmarthen, to a certain Place called

And the said Petitions were severally ordered garennig, to and through another Farm called Brynlloy, to lie upon the Table. to or near a certain Place called Grygurwen Mill, to

meet the intended Turnpike Road leading from the A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Market Town of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti- to the Market Town of Llandilo fawr aforesaid; also, tuled, " An Act to explain, amend, and render more from the River Kennen, in the Parish of Llandilo fawr " effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of aforesaid, over Cefen Blewin Farm, by a Place called " His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Llaridafane Well, to a Place called Llandafane,

" authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the and from thence over the Black Mountain, through a

" Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like certain Farm called by the Meeting

" Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, House, to meet the intended Turnpike Road leading " as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any from the said Town of Neath, to the said Town of " of His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Llandilo, and from a Place called Bryncoch to and over " Ships of War belonging to the Enemy," was read a the Black Mountain to or near a certain Gate bailed Second Time. Llydiad dj, in the said Parish of Llandebye, and from

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. thence to Amman Bridge aforesaid; and also, the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Road leading from a Smith’s Shop near Pontardylas

of the whole House. Turnpike Gate to the Turnpike Road leading from

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Llanelly to Swansea, in the said County of Glamorgan;

Sevennight, the 7th Day of March next, resolve itself also, the Road from Gurreoach Turnpike Gate, in the into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Parish of Llandilo, by New Im and Taliaris Chapel,

Bill. to the Confines of the said Parish of Llandilo, at

prenpen; also, the Road from Cefn Glasfyn, at or Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom near the House of Griffith David Griffith, by Penny bank, the Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Par- and over the new Bridge, to join the proposed Turn-liament for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was committed; pike Road leading from Taliaris Chapel to Pompren-, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of penbrwl, are, for the most Part, in a ruinous Condition, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and in Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an feme Places impassable for Carriages, and cannot be Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordi-report to' the House; and he read the Report in his nary Course of Law; and it would be of great Benefit Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Pa-ment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment rilhes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, agreed to by the House. if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be and Commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and ingrossed. that the said Roads might be conveniently amended,

Vol. 41. 3. U widened.

Wrotham Heath Road.

Tenterdea

Road.

American

Trade.

258 $7 0 Feiruarii.A. 1786.

widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put - " Inhabitants of the said United Statesand for under the Management of the Trustees for the Care further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an of the said District of Roads: And therefore pray- Act,'made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ex-enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, lb " tend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-far as relates to the said Llandilo District of Roads, " third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on the said new or additional Roads herein before de- " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His scribed. Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " United States of America, to the Trade and Com-

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine " merce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall " and Plantations in , with respect to certain

appear, to them, to the House: " Articles therein mentioned," was read the Third

And it is referred to Sir William Mansell, Mr. Popham, Time.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; be, An Act for further continuing for a limited and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Time, An Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Records. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

" for preventing certain Instruments from being re-A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Exe- " quired from Ships belonging to the United States

cation an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year " of and to give to His Majesty, for a li-

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, " uiited Time, certain Powers for the better carry-widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading ing on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects from the Turnpike Bjpad at Wrotham Heath, in the " of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants County of Kent, to tie Turnpike Road leading from " of the said United States;" and for further conti-Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was nuing for a limited Time, an Act made in the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execu- Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers tion of the said Act, and have borrowed a consider- " of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His able Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which " present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain now remains due, and which, together with the Tolls " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Corn-authorized to be collected by virtue of the said A ft " merce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Do-hath been applied in repairing the said Road, and "’minions, and the Inhabitants of the United States

¥eat Progress hath been made therein; and that the " of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this erm granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, " Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations unless the same be further continued, the Money " in America, with respect to certain Articles therein owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in " mentioned."*

good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, said Act for such Term as the House shall thick

ftt. Mr. presented to the House, according Westminster

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, i>avln6* Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in shall appear to them, to the House: Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing,

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within Ac.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday MorniDg the City and Liberty of Westminster', and Parts adjacent, next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Records. Purposes of the said Acts: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, presented to the House accord- Liverpool repairing and widening the Road leading from the ing to Order, a Bill for augmenting and ascertaiiiing the Church,&c. Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Paro-Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great chial Chapel of LiverpoolAnd the same wa6 received;

Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, and read the First Time,

at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time, of Kent; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green

aforesaid to Hotkfield Heath; and also, the Road leading A Bill for opening, making, widening, and alter- Lirerpool from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Holden, to ing, certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Streets, &«. Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan-County of Kent: And the same was received; and read caster', for supplying the said Town with fresh and the First Time. 1 wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nui-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, fences and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional,

Market Places, and for extending so much of the An ingrafted Bill for further continuing, for a Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Time to be limited, an Act, made in tte Twenty- Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Carters, and Porters, to a certain Ditlance, beyond tituled, " An Act for preventing certain Instruments the Liberties of the said Town, was read a Second from being required from Ships belonging to the Time.

" United States of America, and to give to His Ma- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne*

" jesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the Junior, the Lord Penrhyn, &c.: And they are to meet.

" better carrying on Trade and Commerce between this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s V the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Chamber.;

p6 . A Petition

Hederfledt's

Nat*

Scotland — Produce of Taxes.

Bittefwtll

inclosure.

BritWh F liberies.

0,6 Geo. III. 370 Februarti.

m

A Petition of Gustaf Hed late of Stockholm, in the Kingdom of Sweden, but now of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bastard and Mr. Bolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784; and from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, Meadows,. and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields and Common Grounds of Qitteswell, in the County of Leicester, whole Names are thereunto fulrferibed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed and dil’perfect, are subjefit tb frequent Trespasses, and cannot, in their present Condition, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would be an Advantage to the several Parties interested, if the said Common and Open Fields and Common Grounds were inclosed and divided, and spedific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion to their Interests therein:.And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields and Common Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerjord and Mr. Pochin do prepare and, bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, appointed

to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Prozreft in the Matters -to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it i9 the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1786, no Lampreys or Wilks Ihoold, for a Time to be limited; be exported from Great Britain in any Ship or Veflek an left such Ship or Vessel shall be built, owned

by British Subjects, navigated according to Law, and fitted our for the Cod FiOnwy.

Resolved, That it the Opinion of tbie Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1786, no Lampreys should for a Time to be limited, be exported in any one Vessel whatever, at any one Time, in any Vol. 41.

greater Number than 2,000; and that, from and after the aforesaid Day, no Wilks should be exported in any one Vessel whatever, at any one Time, in any greater Quantity than 36 Bushels.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of Two Acts WatsCrofs of the Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, Roads-so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cawden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of the Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far. as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent. *

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom Meyer’* Nat* the Bill for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Peter Richard and Richard’s, George Christian Matthiesscn, was read a Second Time. *c* Nau

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Call,

Mr. Rolls, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Commit- Tewkeflwuy tee, to whom the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, Paving, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the PrecinQs thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and oilier Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and, for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone throogh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and . afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once -read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to say the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrofied.

An ingrossed Bill tb regulate the Exportation of Exporting Hops to Ireland, was read the Third Time. Hop*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act to regelate the Exportation of Hops to

Ireland.

Ordered,

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Alton

Abbotts

Inclosure.

Lancaster

Election.

a6o 270 Februarii. A. 1786.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars refilling in the Towns of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and in the adjacent Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain Parts of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers,. Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade: And praying the House to take the particular Hardships of their same into Consideration, and permit them the free Use of their Labour and Calling, without Restraint, as other Subjects of this Realm, and without subjecting them to be suppressed, arbitrarily, by any Set of People, without being first legally convicted of any Crime to merit such Treatment; and that the House will afford the Petitioners such Relief and Protection as to the House shall seem meet. *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William P Esquire, and the Revered John Douglas, Doctor of Divinity (Bevi-fees named in the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Jones, late of Stanley, iiu the County of Salop, Knight, Lord of the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, in Trust, for the Use and Benefit of Thomas TyrwhittJones, a Minor) and also of the Reverend John Robert Lloyd, Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any corisiderable Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mabrwaring and the Lord Maitland do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Lmother, Esquire; and also, the Petition

of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Eteftion and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Francis Reynolds, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Abraham Rawlinson, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lancaster.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lancaster the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Francis Reynolds, Esquire, now Lord Ducie, called up to the House of Peers.

A Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the Maid- BiA»of'» stone Geneva Manufactory, was presented to the House, Geneva* and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having by long Residence in Holland, and great Attention to the Method of making Spirits there, which are known by the Name of Holland’s' Geneva, made himself Matter of the Art and Mystery of preparing the fame, erected, at a great Expence, a Manufactory for making Geneva at Maidstone, which he, for some Time, carried on to his own Advantage, and that of the Public, until he was prevented from Working by the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate " made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for " the better and more effectual securing the Revenue " of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for " preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual " and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made " to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed " on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in a Act,

" made in this present Session of Parliament, with ' " respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon, the " Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act;" and that the Provisions and Restrictions contained in the said Act, rendering it utterly impossible for the Petitioner to continue manufacturing the Spirits he had before made, and which had been in great llequest with the Public, both for Home Consumption and Exportation, he stated the Circumstances of his same to the House by Petition, and by a Clause in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low " Wines and Spirits, for Home Consumption, and " for granting and securing the due Payment of other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulatiop of the making and vending British Spirits, as " w'ell for Home Consumption as for Exportation,

" and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign " Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for " vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within " the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness,

" and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain " Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported " from the West Indies," the Petitioner's said Manufactory was exempted from the Provisions and Restrictions of the said first-recited Act, for the Term of Two Years; and that, under the Sanction of the said Indulgence and Exemption, the Petitioner applied himself with unremitting Industry, to revive his Manufactory of Geneva, in which, after much Trouble and Expence, he has at length succeeded, and again brought the Spirits he makes into general Use and Esteem, whereby the illicit Importation of Holland's, Geneva hath been in a great Degree prevented, and the Revenue of Excise considerably benefited, the Petitioner having manufactured, -between the 1 ft of November 1784 and the ill of November 1785, Sixty-nine thousand Two hundred and Fifty-seven Gallons of Geneva, the Duty whereon amounted to 9,261/. 14& 8 id.;and that the Exemption granted to the Petitioner by the said last mentioned Act, being for a Term which is near expiring, he mull again

Work fop Hoad.

Duties on Carriages.

Duties on Houses, &c. Afl'etlments.

Ditto.

Surcharges.

Customs due from E. I. Company.

26 Geo. IIL 270 Februarii. 261

be reduced to the Necessity of relinquishing his Undertaking, and wholly discontinue the Manufactory of Geneva, without the further Aid and Indulgence of Parliament, it being quite impossible for him to make Spirits that will stand in Competition with the Holland's Geneva, unless be it further relieved from the Regulations and Restrictions of the said Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and permitted to continue working in the Method lie now Uses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to continue his said Manufactory at Mai, in the Manner it is now carried on, or that he may have (uclj other Relief in the Premises as to the House tliall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. WiIberforcereported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of An-

ston, Aston, Handsxcorth, and to the North East End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from to

Sheffield, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers, in shire, in the County of Younder their Common Seal, and of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendment® thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and tie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bili, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charges incurred for the Management of the Duties on Carriages, Horses, Carts, and Waggons, and Male and Female Servants, under Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s lleign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Amount of the Assessments made for the Duties on Houses on Windows, under the Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Year ending Lady Day 17S6.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Surcharges which have been made by the several Surveyors on the Duties on Houses and Windows, under the Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for Eight Years, ending Lady Day 1785; allb, the Surcharges made on the lait Assessments for the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money due by the East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which was Vox.. 41.

respited by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, between .17/-chaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785, specifying the Times when such Payments were made; and allb a like Account between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Stamps, on Account of the Duty on Waggons and Carts, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785, and between the ,5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786; distinguishing the Produce of each Tax.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money subscribed for Lottery Tickets in the Year 1785, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies issued upon Addrefics between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Sums charged upon, and payable out of, the Aggregate Fund, exclusive of the Sums paid out of that Fund for Annuities and the Charges of Management.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, during the Year ending Michaelmas 1785, of tho several Taxes imposed in the Year 1784, and applicable to the payment of the Annuities in respect of 6,000,000l. borrowed in the said Year, and of the Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty; and also, a like Account for the Year ending the 5th of January 1786.

Ordered, That There be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Taxes appropriated for particular Purposes, or not applicable to the Payment of any Part of the Interest of the Public Debt; distinguishing such as remain in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament, which have been paid iritothe Receipt of the Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums Annually paid into the Exchequer, on the Duties on Houses and Windows, under the Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for Ten Years, ending Michaelmas 1785; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and how much of the same was remitted from North Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in the Year 1784, except on Land and Malt.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Charges incurred by Exchequer Bills, made forth on the Credit of the Land Tax and Duties on Malt, respectively, for the Service of the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, and 1770.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

3 X Account

Duties on Waggons, Sec.

Lottery.

Issues on Addresses.

Aggregate

Fund.

Taxes in 1784, applicable to # Annuities.

A ppropriated Taxes, &c.

Duties on Houses, &c. paid in.

Exchequer Bills.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Exchequer bills.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Grants fur

Army

Service.

Grants for

Naval

Service.

262

2 70 Febru.

A. 1786.

Account of the Interest incurred On Exchequer Bills, made out and issued pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for establishing an Agreement with the Governor " and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing " the Sum of 2,000,000 /. towards the Supply for the " Service of the Year 1781," from the Time to which the same was last paid to the 27th Day of February 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, atl Account of the Exchequer Bills made out and issued pursuant to an Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1785, with Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest incurred on Exchequer Bills, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year 178.5," from the Time of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Exchequer Bills made out and issued pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1785," with the Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Exchequer Bills made out and issued pursuant to an Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 178.5, with the Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Exchequer Bills made out and issued, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money " by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year " 1785," with the Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 178b.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums voted upon Estimate by Parliament, for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1765 to 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, distinguishing each Head of Service, and each Year; and also, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred and paid for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1765 to 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Sums granted for the Service of the Navy, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769; and also, the Amount of the Expence incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament, during the same Period; and also, an Abstract of the ordinary Estimates of the Navy, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 08

Account of the Total Expence of the Office of Ord- Ordnane* nance, for Land and Sea Service, for the Years 1766, Service.

1767, 1768, and 1709, compared with the Sums voted on Account of the said Years; and also, an Account of the Ordinary Estimates of the Office of Ordnance* for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Militia. Account of the Expences attending the Militia of England and Wales, for the Years 1775, 1776, and 1777; distinguishing those incurred for the Annual Exercise, the Cloathing, and the Pay of Serjeants,

Drums, Contingencies, General* and Subaivision.

Meetings.

<E*

A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Town Damages by of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and the Neigh-

bourhood thereof, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Sufferers by the Explolion of a, Part of the Royal Powder Works there, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty» having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Setting forth, That, on the 17th Day of 1781,

One of the Corning Houses and the Dufting Mill belonging to His Majesty’s Powder Mills at Faversham, which are under the Direction of the Board of Ol d nance, blew up, and, by the Explolion thereof, all the Powder Mills and Works adjoining were materially injured, several Houses and Buildings in the Town of Faversham and its Neighbourhood destroyed, and many others, together with the Church of Davington, wholly. or in Part unroofed, and other*

wife greatly damaged, and in other Houses the Window Frames and Door Cafes were forced out, the Glass of the Windows shivered in Pieces, and a Considerable Quantity of Furniture and Effects demolished or rendered useless; and that, in the same Month of April, the Petitioners presented a Petition to the

Board of Ordnance, dating the above Fasts, and praying that the said Board, when the Damage could be estimated, would order the Expence thereof to be defrayed to the Sufferers, in such Manner as the Board should think expedient; and, in pursuance of the said Petition, Mr. John Groves, by Order of the said Board, and under the Direction of Sir Thomas Hyde Page, viewed the said Damages, and estimated the same at 1,422 A 185. 6d. and reported such Estimate to the said Board, together with a particular Account of the Lois of each Individual; and that no Recompence whatever having been made to any of the said Sufferers in consequence of such Report, the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town, as Trustees of an Hospital for the Support of Six poor old Men in the said Town, in the Y’ear 1782, petitioned the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury to be paid the Amount of the Damage sustained by the said Hospital in consequence of the said Explo-fion, which their Lordships ordered to be paid, and the same hath been since paid accordingly; and that the Petitioners again petitioned the Board of Ordnance, after such Estimate had been made by the said John Graces, praying to be permitted to make solemn Affidavits of their Lodes in consequence of the said Explosion, and to submit the Inspection thereof to any Persons whom the Board should appoint, and also imploring Relief, but they were afterwards informed, that the said Board could not grant any Relief in the Premises, and had laid the said Petition before the Lords of the Treasury, who

' had

Accounts Tcspecting Taxes, Denies, &c.

fortification «f Dock Yards.

26 Geo. III. 27 Februarii. 3

had signified that they could not do any Thing therein: Under thele Circumstances, the Petitioners fub-mit to the House the extreme Hardthip of the same of themselves and others the said Sufferers, who, by Reason of the said Explolion, have incurred Damages to an Extent very far exceeding the Estimate made by Order of the said Board, but have, nevertheless, not received any Satisfaction whatever for the fame, and of whom many have been threatened with Arrests, and would have been long fmee arrelied, but for the Hope they from Time to Time have entertained that they should obtain Redress from Government: And therefore praying, That the House will order the Amount of the said Lodes to be paid by the Board of Ordnance to themselves and others the said Sufferers, they desiring only to receive the same according to the Estimate thereof so made by the said John Grows, although not in Truth amounting to near the w hole of such their Lofl’es, and allowing out of such Estimate the Sums of 24 /. 12 s. 6 and 21 /., being the Sums allotted by the said John Groves for the Damages sustained by the said Hospital, and Two Houses belonging to the same, whereby the said Estimate is reduced to the Sum of 1,377/. and which the Petitioners reaueft may be paid in Satisfaction of such Damages and Lodes as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town of Faversham, in the County of Kent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Charges of Management on the Duties on Servants, Horles, Carriages, Waggons, and Carts: And aWo,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Assessments on "Houses, Windows, or Lights, for the Year 1785:" And also.

An Account of Assessments and Surcharges made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the Cities of London and Westminster, County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southxeark, for Eight Years, from the Year 1777 to the Year 1784, both inclusive; And also,

An Account of Surcharges made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty j also, on all Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, Chatham, and " mouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of " mouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

Vol. 41.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that to provide eff ftually for securing His Majesty *s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, by a permanent System of Fortification, formed on the most (Economical Principles, and requiring the smallest Number of Troops possible to answer the Purpose of such Security, is an essential Ob-jest for the Safety of the State, intimately connected with the General Defence of the Kingdom, and necessary for enabling the Fleet to act with full Vigour and Effect for the Protection of Commerce, the Support of our distant Pofftffions, and the Prosecution of ostensive Operations in any War in which the Nation may hereafter be engaged.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quefe t’:on, by leaving out from the Word " House," to the End of the Questiou, in order to insert the Words, " that " Fortifications on so extensive a Plan as proposed by the Board, are inexpedient," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

Ihe Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Steele, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,! Mr. Michad Angelo Tay-! 169.

[ lor: J

TeMers for he }.*

And the Members being equal, Mr. -Speaker laid. That although he Ihoold have wished to have stated at large his Reasons for the Opinion he had formed on the Question, yet, after so long a Debate, he had too much Kefpeft for the House to take up any more of their Time j and therefore declared himself with the Noes.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed, That the Words " that Fortifications, on so extensive a Plan as proposed " by the Board, are inexpedient," be inserted instead thereof;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And the House having continued to fit fill near Seven of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Ten of the Clock.

Orders of the Day. Supply.

Ways and Means.

iBerwick St. John. &cv Ipclofureb

Salvidge’s

Name.

Huddersfield

Inclosure.

i° Martii. A, 1786.

Mercurii, 1® Martii;

Anno 26® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1786. Praters.

A PETITION of the Right Honourable thony Ashly, Earl of Lord of the

Manor of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts, and of a Manor within the Parish of Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, and Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands within the said Manors, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto lubftribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint John, in the said County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the said County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes certain Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing about 2,000 Acres, in which the Petitioners and others have Property, divided into several small Pieces, intermixed with each other, and Common of Pasture in and over the fame; and that the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted Amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a llill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations, Clauses, and Provisoes, as the House shall see fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Cornelius Salvidge, alias Savage, now called Cornelius and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Cornelius Salvidge, now called Cornelius Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and of divers Freeholders and Owners of Lands, within the Manor and Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Open Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township, which would be of much greater Value if they were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor and Township, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Weddell and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Bridget Dalton, Widow, Lady of the Barmbrougk Manor of Barmbrough, in the West Riding of the biclcsure. County of York, and several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish and Manor of Barmbrough aforesaid, several Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any great Improvement, but, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave ’ may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and GroUilds, in such Manner, and subjefit to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Weddell and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Debtor* Majesty’s Gaol at Winchester, being the County Gaol Petition, in and for the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Chester.&c. thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, and Residents Roads* within the County of Chester, and the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the public Highways leading from the City of Chester to the South End of Wilderspool Causeway, in the County of Chester, and from Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, are in many Places out of Repair, and there are several deep hollow Ways in the said Roads, which are narrow and incommodious, and the said Roads are in other Places very hilly and inconvenient, so that the same cannot be effectually amended and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and amending the said Roads from, the City of Chester to the South End of Wilderspool Causeway, and from Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crave, Mr.

Bootle, &c..: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Copy- Duffield holders having Right of Common upon, and other- Incl°lure. wife interested in, certain Tracts of Waste Ground called Belpar Ward, and Chevin Ward, and all other the Commons and Waste Lands in the Liberties of Duffield, Belpar, Hazzlewood, and in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Tracts of Waste Ground, containing by Estimation 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, are, in their present Situation, incapable of

Improvement,

Erich, &c. inclosure.

Weston upon

Trent

inclosure*

Heage, &c. Road.

6 Geo. III. i° Mart 205

Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, the Estates of the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein, would be much improved, to the great Advantage of the Proprietors, as well as the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Tracts of Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Crick and -

field, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manors, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the Town of Alfreton, and the several Villages of Heage, Pentridge, Shirland, Tibshelf, and Places adjacent, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Town of to the

Villages of Tibshelf, Shirland, and Pentridge, are for the greatest Part circuitous, narrow and ruinous, confilt principally of Bridle Lanes, and cannot be altered, repaired, and widened by the Laws in being, and, a proper and convenient Communication with the Towns and Villages abov,e mentioned, and the neighbouring Parts of the Country, as likewise a nearer Communication from Alfreton to the Towns of Derby and C’hes-Vol. 41.

t erf eld, are much wanted; and that, if a Road was made from the Turnpike Road leading from to

Chesterfeld, at Heage aforesaid, to the Lane leading to Pentridge, and the Road from thence through the said Town of Pentridge to the Limekiln in the Lane between

Pentridge and Alfreton, was properly repaired and widened, and if a Road was made from the said Limekiln to and over Alfreton Common, and the Road from thence through the said Town to a Yard

in the Holding of Samuel Nutlall, was properly amended, and a new' Road made through the said Yard to Park Mill, and if the Road from thence to Tibshelf was properly repaired and widened, and a Branch w as made from the said Road near Shirland Lodge, to Captain Lane, and that Lane properly repaired and widened, to certain Lands in the Possession of Isaac Spencer Page, and if a Road was made from thence to Shirland Park Lane, and the Highway from thence through the said Town of Shirland, over Ain Moor, to certain Grounds in the Possession of John Cupit and Richard Thorpe, was repaired and widened, and a Road made from thence to the said Turnpike Road leading from to Chesterfield,

at or near the Sign of The Bear upon Stretton Hill the same would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the said Town of Alfreton, and the above-named Villages, and the neighbouring Parts of the Country, and would open a Communication with the different Parts of the County of Derby, and the adjoining County of Nottingham, and would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts, made, One in the Twelfth Year, and the other in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and from Chesterfield to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the principal Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, lb far as the same relate to the said Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing, widening, and supporting the said Road, and other the Purposes of the said Acts; and that the whole of the Money borrowed remains due, together with a long Arrear of Interest, and the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and several Provisions of the said Acts are defective, and require Amendment, and further Powers are wanting; and that, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, enlarged, the Money borrowed, and Interest due thereon, cannot be paid, nor the said Road properly kept in Repair: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so

3 Y far

Bakewell, &c. Roads.

Godstone

Hoad.

Dumbarton Roads, Arc.

Edinburgh Foor, Ace.

266 1® Martii. A. 1786.

far as the same relate to the said Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr.

Frederick Montagu,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them (elves and other Trustees appointed for putting in Execution Two several Acts, the one made in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unlefe the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued and enlarged; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gilbert, 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Freeholders and Heritors, in the County of Dumbarton, whose N arnes are thereunto subscribed, for, and in Behalf of themselves and the other Freeholders and Heritors of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it has been found, by Experience, in the County of Dumbarton, that the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges are defective in many Particulars, and the Regulations thereby authorized insufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads and Bridges in the said County, and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry into full Execution the Intention of the said Laws: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to' the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Elphinstone, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is not a regular Fund sufficient for the proper

Support of the Poor within the City of Edinburgh, and it is necessary to establish a regular Fund by a Tax, on equal Principles, on all the Inhabitants, and also to make certain Regulations respecting the Poor, and the Circumstances of Residence which shall entitle them to the Charity of the said City; and that it is necessary to widen, improve, and extend feme of the Streets in the City, and to purchase Houses and Ground for that Purpose, and also to purchase Property in the Barony of Brughton, required for a Street from Brughton Loan into Queen Street, and to extend the Royalty over the said Purchases in the Barony of Brughton-, and that it is also necessary to enlarge the Burying Ground within the City of Edinburgh, and to purchase certain Houses and Areas for that Purpose on the West Side of The Grey Friars Church Yard: And therefore praying, That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Captain Elphinstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Honourable John Byron, a Vice Pirkering Admiral of His Majesty’s Fleet, was presented to the Intlofiue-House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and allotting certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Town-ships of Pickering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County of York, certain Commissioners were appointed, for setting out and allotting divers large Quantities of Waste Land within the Parish of Pickering, in the County of York; and that the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is Lord of the Honor and Forest of Pickering, and of large Demel’ne and other Lands within the said Honor and Forest; and that the said Honor, Forest, and Demesnes, were demised by King William the Third, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years in Reversion, commencing on the Decease of herl late Majesty Queen Catherine, the Queen Dowager of King Charles the Second, which happened in December 1705, at a small Rent, unto Abel Tassine D'Allone,

Esquire; and that the said Demesne Lands have since been parcelled out, and the Petitioner is, by divers melhe Assignments, possessed and entitled, during the Remainder of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, unto divers large Farms, being Part of the said Demesnes, with Houses thereon, situate within the said Honor and Parish, and, by virtue thereof, he is entitled to a Right of Common upon, and is otherwise interested in, the Division of the said Waste Lands, intended and directed to be allotted and set out under the said Act; and that, by the said Act, Provisions are made for setting out specific Allotments to His Majesty’s other Lessees of the said Honor and Demesne Lands, for their Houses and Farms, which Allotments are declared by the said Act to be in Compensation and Discharge of all the Rights of the Crown, excepting in respect of His Majesty's Houses and Cottages in Blansby Park; and that the Petitioner was not a contenting Party to the said Act, but did not oppose the passing thereof, because he was informed, and fully understood, that it contained an Exception of all his Rights, in respect of Blansby Park, whereas he now finds that a Doubt is entertained, whether, as the said Exception is confined to Houses and Cottages, he is not precluded that Right which all the other Owners of Common

06 Right

Ld. Dncie’s Name.

Dover

Harbour.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

26 Geo. III. i° Marta.

267

Right Houses, and Lands, are entitled to, of having an Allotment for their Lands, as well as for their Houses; by Means whereof the Petitioner is likely to be a great Sufferer by the said Act, and he conceives the confining the said Exception to Houses and Cottages was a mere unintentional Mistake: And therefore praying, That the House will grant Leave for the bringing in a Bill, declaratory or otherwise, to obviate the said Doubt, and to relieve the Petitioner from that Injury and Loss which he rnuft otherwise sustain, by being precluded his Allotment of the said extensive Waites, in respect: of his said Lands, in proportion to the other Owners of Houses and Lands in the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Lord Ducie, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, by his Will, dated the Twelfth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, gave and devised several Estates therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester and elsewhere, to his Nephew Thomas Reynolds, late Lord Ducie, the Petitioner’s Bro-

ther, in Tail Male, Remainder to the Petitioner in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and by his said Will did expressly declare, that all such Persons as should come into PoflHTion of the said Estates by virtue of the Limitations in his said Will should, within Three Calendar Months next after such Possession should take Place, take upon them the Surname of Moreton, and also bear and use his Arms of Honour, and endeavour, as loon as they could, to procure an Act of Parliament for establishing and confirming the fame; and that the said Thomas Reynolds, late Lord Ducie, hath lately departed

this Life without leaving any HTue, and the Petitioner is come into Possession of the said Estates by virtue of the Limitations in the said Will, and is desirous of being enabled to take and use the Surname of Moreton, and to bear the Arms of Honour of the said Matthew Lord Ducie by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and his Issue Male to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the said Matthew Lord Ducie deceased, pursuant to the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sloper and Captain Macbride do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars in the Neighbourhood of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain Parts of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade; and praying for a Repeal of the gth and 11th Sections of the said Act, and that they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, in Support of their Claims.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put into Vot. 41.

Execution an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Fifth Minehead, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing &c' ^0*ds‘ and widening several Roads leading from the Port,

Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunsler and Watchett, in the County of Somerset, and of the

Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, and also of divers Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and others, residing near, and travelling upon, the Roads comprised in the said Act, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That die Term of the said Act is near expiring, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due upon the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Act be further continued, and feme Alterations and Amendments made therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Vyner,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are Newton thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Proprietors of, or having Rights in, cer- 0 tain. Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thistles, in the County of Warwick, and also having Right of Common on a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thistles aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or One of them, and in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford aforesaid, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thistles, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing 600 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and there is within the said Parish, and within the Parish of Clifton Campville, aforesaid, or One of them, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parishes respectively, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said last mentioned Common or Waste Ground; and that the Properties of the several Persons interested in, and entitled to, the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, are, at present, lb' dispersed and intermixed, that the same cannot be conveniently occupied, nor advanta-geoully cultivated, and it would be very beneficial to them to have the same inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments; and it would also be beneficial to the Public, and advantageous to the several- Persons interested in the said several Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, to have the same inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

.Alloa

Harbour.

Richard’?, &c. Nat.

Tonbridge

Road.

Marine

Force*.

268 i° Marlii. 178

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Robert Lcncley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the lieign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour: And the tame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Christian Matthiesscn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees under several Acts for repairing the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Cross to Couden, in the County of Kent, whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which were to have Continuance from the 20th Day of May 176.5, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that another Act was made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to explain and amend the before-mentioned Act, so far as the same related to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, whereby several otherTolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone; and, that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, which still remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, be completely amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District of Road, be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relates to the District of Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, in such Manner as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Tradesmen and principal Inhabit- Cambridge ants in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cam- Sniall Debu* bridge, and also of the Tradesmen and principal Inhabitants in the Hundreds of Arming ford, Chesterton, and Northstow, Charley, Chilford, and Whittlesford, stow, Papworth, Radfield, Staine, and Fiendish,

Thriplow, and Wetherley, in the said County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several extensive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the said Town and Hundreds, and many Persons within the said Town and Hundreds contract Small Debts, and although able refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expence and Delays which attend the fame; and that an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Town and Hundreds, will tend greatly to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town of Cambridge, and Hundreds aforesaid, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Yorke, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account* the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Scot'i the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Rum imported into Rum North Britain from The British R est India Islands, for imported. Ten Years; viz. from 5th July 177.5 to 5th July 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Island from whence the same was imported: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties remitted by Duties on the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to the Commit- ^ndServants. sioners of Excise, London, on Carriages and Male Servants respectively, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1785; and also, between 5th January 1785 and 5th January 178G.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Deacon, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums of Money due by the East Customs du* India Company for Customs, the Payment of which £0m E- ?* was respited by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of onapan^‘ His present Majesty’s Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785, specifying the Time when such Payments were made: And also,

An Account of the Sums of Money due by the East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which

was

£ 6 Geo. III. 1° Martii. a6g

was respited by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786* specifying the Time when such Payments were tnade.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongli the other Papers of this Session.

Stamford Sir James Langham reported from the Committee, to baron Hoad*. wj10in the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that some of the Parishes in which the Road intended to be repaired lies are not named in the Notices that had been given, which Omission was in Part occasioned by the Gentlemen of the County not having at that Time agreed on the Direction the whole Line of Road should be in; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Dexter being examined, said. That the Road from the East End of a certain Lane, called Church Lane, in the Parish of Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, through the Parishes or Lordships of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, JVothorp, Eason, Collyw Duddington, TVakerley, Fmeshade, Laxton, Blathcruick, Bulwick, Deenthorpe, JVelden, Stannion, Newton, Little Oakley, Geddington, JVeckley, Kettering, Broughton, Pitchley, Walgrave, Orlingbury, Hunnington, Syiccll, Overstone, Moulton, JVcston Flavcl, Abingdon, Kingsthorpe, and to the Top of Abingdon Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Northampton, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow’, and incommodious, and cannot he amended and kept in sufficient Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be given, at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Northampton, and in Three Newspapers, to be printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Month of March, of the Application to Parliament for repairing the Road from the East End of a certain Lane, called Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, through the Parishes or Lordships of Saint Martin Stamford Baton, IVothorp, Eason, CoUyweston,

Wakerley, Fmeshade, Laxton, Blatherwick, Bulwick, Deenthorpe, JVelden, Stannion, Newton, Little Oakley, Geddington, JVeekley, Kettering, Broughton,

JValgrace, Orlingbury, Hunnington, Sywell, Overstone, Moulton, Weston Flacel, Abingdon, Kingsthorpe, and to

the Top of Abingdon Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Northampton.

Mena! Mr. Bayly reported from the Committee, to whom

Bridge, and the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Peti-E^dhtowards ^on of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the Ireland. \ O L, 41.

Kingdoms of Great Britain, and the Princi-

pality of Wales, was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Wherq the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Colonel Peacock being examined; said, That the Improvement of the Great Road leading through the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, towards Irelandi is an Object of great public Importance — That the Passage of Porthaethwy Ferry, over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, called The Streights of Menai, is frequently attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger — That he has known People delayed; and has been himself delayed,- above Four Hours by the Negligence of the Boatmen. — Being asked, Whether that Delay arises from the Inattention or Delay of the Ferrymen, or from the Nature of the Ferry ? he said, It arises mostly from the Negligence of the Ferrymen; but that he has known it impossible to pass the Ferry, from the Wind being high — That the Ferrymen will frequently refuse to carry Persons across without an additional Fee — That he has several Times, in crossing the Streights, been in Danger of the Boat linking, from the Roughnels of the Water — That he has himself been detained Thirteen Hours by the Weather, which he believes is not a common Circumstance, although a Delay of Two or Three Hours for Wind or Tide is common.

Mr. Joseph Nickalls being then examined, said, That he is an Engineer, and lives in Gravel Lane, Southwark — That he has made a Plan and Face View of a Bridge with Three Draw Bridges, which is proposed to be built over the Streights of Menai, near Porthaethwy Ferry — That he thinks a safe and convenient Bridge may be built across the Streights at that Place — That he does not know a more eligible Place to build one — That he is conversant in making Bridges, but not over an Arm of the Sea — That he thinks the building a Bridge in that Place very practicable, as not being subject to Floods, as in Rivers — That the Tide there is by no Means so bad as the Floods in Rivers.

Being asked, If there are not Two Tides which meet at that Place? he said, Not in the Streights of Menai so forcibly as at the Isle of Man, that they have no visible Power in the Streights.

Being then asked, If there arc not many Tides more forcible than River Floods? he said, No: It is an extraordinary Tide which runs Four Knots and an Half an Hour in those Streights, and that many Bridges have been built in Currents that run from Eight to Ten Miles an Hour, particularly across the Colder and Air, and many others — That the Bridge intended to be built is proposed to be built with Timber.

Being asked, Whether a Timber Bridge at that Place is practicable, so as to refill the Tides ? he said, Yes; and while it exists it is equally safe — That it will last longer than a Timber Bridge over a River, as the Salt Water preserves the Timber — That Timber Bridges in general last, upon an Average, about Thirty Years. And the Witness added, That he has been informed, that there is no Worm which destroys the Timber in those Parts, and that the Bridge may be built in Two Years.

Being asked, Whether he has examined the Bottom of the Streights of Menai at that Place? he laid, He has; that he believes it is in general Rock at the Bottom of the Whole of the Streights, and that

3 Z he

270

i° Martii.

A. 1786.

Worksop

Road.

Tfcringflone Bridge Canal.

he hopes it is so — That there is no other Foundation to a Wooden Bridge than Piles, and that it is proposed to drive them into the Rock — That he has probed the Bottom as pouch as an; professional Man can do, and thinks to a Certainty that a kiting Bridge can be effected there — That he did not bore the Rock, he tried the Ground wijth a long Hook which is much more eligible than boring — That he probed the Passage from Shore to Shore, and that be does not think boring necessary there.

Captain Thomas Totty, of the Royal Navy, being then examined, said. That he knows the Streights of Menai — That be has seen and examined the Plan of the intended Bridge, and thinks that the building a Bridge over that Part of the Streights, as proposed by the Plan, will not obstruct the Navigation of Ships. — Being aiked, Whether he had the Bridge in View when he passed over the Streights ? he laid, The Erection of a Bridge had been Matter of Conversation before he last passed the Streights, and at that time he saw no Reason to suppose, that if such a Bridge ever was erected, it would obstruct the Navigation of Vessels.

Being aiked, If he does not think it would obstruct them to a certain Degree, much more than at present? he laid, He thinks not at all, for these Reasons: According to the Plan which he has seen, there Js intended to be Two Draw Bridges in the Channel, and with a fair Wind there can be no Difficulty in passing through either of them; that he speaks as to Ships of 200 Tons — That if the Wind is foul they mull: have the Advantage of Tide, which will pulh the Vessel through — That there will be no Difficulty in passing the Bridge, the Pilots there being very skilful, and they always make use of them. And the Witness added, That if be owned Ten thousand Vessels upon the Streights, he would not object to the Bridge — That he does not apprehend that any Beds of Sand will collect from the Bridge, and that any Vessels that can navigate the can paf6 the Bridge with Safety.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Timber Bridge over the Streights of Menai, from the County of Carnarvon to the opposite Shore in the County of Anglesey, and for making proper Roads to the said Bridge: And that Mr. Bayly and Mr. Robert Burton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth,

Aston, Handsworth, and Damall, to the North East End of Aitercliffe, in the County of where the fame joins the Turnpike Road from to

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Damall, to the North East End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-

01

selves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately made, it appears, that a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be made from Thringstone Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Leicester, to the Town of LekesLer, to commence at or near Thringstone Bridge aforesaid, and to proceed from thence through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Thringstone,

Qsgathorpe, Belton, Sheepshead, Garrendon, Thorpe Acre, and Loughborough, and there to cross the Loughborough Canal Navigation which communicates with the Trent Navigation, or instead thereof, if it shall be thought more beneficial to the Public, to pass on the South Side of Loughborough aforesaid, and to proceed from thence, in either Cafe, through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Loughborough, Woodthorpe, and Qmrndon, to or near Barrow upon Soar, there to communicate with the River Soar, from whence a Navigation may be continued, by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the said River Abm*, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in or near the said Town of Leicester, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town of Leicester, or to or near both those Places; and also, that one or more Rail or Waggon Way or Ways for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, and other Goods, to or near the several Coal Pits and Lime Works opened, or to be opened, or worked, in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Swannington, Coleorton, Thringstone, Staunton Harold, Osgathorpe, Breedon, and Grace Dieu, contiguous or near to Thringstone aforesaid, and the Line of the said intended Canal, may be made and completed from the said Canal Navigation; and that from making the said above-mentioned Canal and Navigation, and Rail, or Waggon Way or Ways, the Petitioners conceive that great public Advantage may be derived, by extending the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce, as well as many local Benefits produced to several Towns and Places, and particularly in the Articles of Coal and Lime: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Canal Navigation from Thringstone Bridge aforesaid, to crofc the Loughborough Canal Navigation at Loughborough aforesaid, or instead thereof, if it shall be thought more beneficial to the Public, to pass on the South Side of the Town of Loughborough aforesaid, and to proceed from thence, in either Cafe, through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Loughborough, Woodthorpe, and Quam-don, to or near Barrow upon Soar, there to communicate with the River Soar, and to make the said River navigable, with sufficient Cuts and Deviations, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in or near the said Town of Leicester, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town of Leicester, or to or Dear both those Places; and alto to make, compleat, and maintain the said Rail or Waggon Way or Ways from any Part of the said intended Canal, to or near the several Coal Pits or Lime Works opened, or to be opened, or worked, at or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Swannington, Goelorton, Thringstone, Staunton Harold, Osgathorpe, Breedon, and Grace Dieu, contiguous or near to Thringstone aforesaid, and the Line of the said intended Canal, by such -Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at*.

Nine

a,6 Geo. III. i® Martiu 271

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and fie- mittee.

cords. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. Gainfhorough A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Budge, &c. Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of Lin- had come tx) fevewd Resolutions; which they had directed coin, Nottingham, and York, was presented to the House, him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Ferry fame.

over the River Trent, at the South End of the Town Ordered, That the Report be received Te-mostow of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to East Morning

Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is in a ruinous Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That lie was

State, narrow, and incommodious, and Part thereof is directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

frequently rendered dangerous or knpafTable by the Leave to lit again.

Overflowing of the said River; and that there is no Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday iVfom-Coinmunication between the Counties of Lincoln, Not- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole tingham, and York, for a very great Extent, except House, to consider further of the Supply granted to by Ferries over the said River Trent, and the Ferry, His Majesty. situate at the South End of the Town of Gainsborough

aforesaid, is much frequented by Passengers, Horses, and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Carriages, and the Passage acrose the said River at the Account of the Sums of Money received for any of laid Ferry is at all Times inconvenient, and at feme Sea- His Majesty’s Ships of the Lane, Frigates, and Sloops', fens dangerous; and that the Counties of Lincoln, N- fold between the lft Day of January 1782, and the tingham, and York, are separated by the River Trent, ill Day of January 1780, distinguishing the Ship and and a Communication with the same would be rendered Sum; and also the Grofe Amount of the Sums of safe and commodious, if a Bridge was erected across the Money arising from the Sale of Old Stores within the said River at or near to Gainsborough Ferry aforesaid, said Times, and the tTfes to which those Sums have together with a Road made therefrom to the Town of East been applied.

Retford aforesaid, and a Side Branch from the same Road

to Grittgley on the Hill, in the said County of Nottingham Mr. Secretary at War presented to the tfoufe, pur-(from whence there is a Turnpike Road to the great fuaut to their Order,

North Road at Buu try, in the said County of York) and An Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums would be of very great public Convenience and Utility; voted upon Estimate by Parliament, for the Service of and that the said Ferry, at the South End of the Town of Mis Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 17G5 Gamsboi'ough, is a nearly central Situation along the to the 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive; dif-Banks of The Trent between Newark and The Humber, tinguilhir.g each Head of Service, and each Year: which are upwards of Sixty Miles distant from each And also,

other, and between which Extremes there is no Passage An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred across the River Trent, except by Ferries, and a Road and paid for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces, would not prove of general public Utility, without a from 25th December 1765 to 24th December 1769, further Communication by a Bridge: And therefore both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Bills, for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

or near to die Ferry at Gainsborough aforesaid, and Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. aMo, for making a Turnpike Road from thence to East Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Retford and Grhtgley on the Hill, and for making a Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Compensation to the Person or Persons interested in the the Members of the House.

said Ferry, for their respective Rights, under such The said Accounts are preserved amongst the

Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall other Papers of this Session.

feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny arid Dc-it shall appear to them, to the House: fertion, and for the better Payment of the Artny arid

And it is referred to Mir. Vyner, Mr. Hungerford, their Quarters.

Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have The other Ordets of the Day being read j

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SoppTy. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to consider of the Report which, upon the 22d Dhy of

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, February last, was made from the Committed appointed to consider further of the Supply granted to His to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and Majesty, be now read. into the moll effectual Means for their Encouragement

And the said Order being read accordingly; and" Extension.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Navy, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Committee. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what Supply granted to His Majesty. may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and

Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Mer- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

chants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above Morning, Ten of the Clock.

what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear

and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1786, be referred

to the said Committee.

Vol. 41,

Ships, &c. fold.

Grants for

Army

Services.

Mutiny and Desertion.

British

Fishsries.

Ways and Means.

2^2

2° Martii. A. 1786.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord

Jovis, 2° die Martii; Hinchm &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Anno 26* Georgii III" Regis, 1786. Records.

Praters.

the Clink A PETITION of the Churchwardens, Overseers Paving, kt. of the Poor, and several of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surra/, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is divided into Two Dif-trifts, one called The Borough Liberty, and the other The Clink, or Bishop of Winchesters Liberty; and that The Borough Liberty was new paved, lighted, watched, cleansed, and cleared from Annoyances, under the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within die last mentioned Liberty, are in general ill-paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, and ire also greatly annoyed by Nuisances and Obstructions, and the Passage called Frying-Pan Alley, leading from the High Street of the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour, is very narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, for Removal of present, and Prevention »of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley, called Frying-Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr. Nor-

ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcavetey A Petition of Sir Henry Peyton, Baronet, Lord of inclosure. the Manor of Great Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon, and Owner of the greatest Part of the Old Inclosed Lands, Open Fields, and Common Rights, within the Parish of Raveley, on behalf of himself and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Old Inclosed Lands, Open Fields, and Two Common Pastures, one called The Heath, and the other The Low Common, or Cow Common, containing in the Whole, by Efrimation, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, the Property of the Petitioner and others; and that, if the same were divided, and the said Open Fields and Common Paf-tures were inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioner and the several other Persons entitled thereto, and otherwise interested therein, it would tend to the Improvement of their Estates within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands, Grounds, and Commons, under such Regulations as the House Audi think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

A Petition of the Mayor, BurgefieS, and Commonalty, strictol of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was Streets, Ac. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws in being relative to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and other public Places, within the said City, are very defective, and by no Means answer the Purposes for which they were intended, and further and additional Powers are necessary to accomplish those Purposes, and for removing the present and preventing future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said City; and that it would be of great Convenience, if Power was given to take down certain Houses and Buildings within the said City, and near thereto, in order to open and make commodious feme of the Streets and public Passages, and for adding to the Scite or Building of the Gaol of Newgate within the said City, for the Security and Health of the Prisoners therein, and likewise Power to compel the Building of Party Walls between House3 hereafter to be built, re-built, or repaired, whereby the dreadful Ravages by Fire may be prevented, and it is also necessary, that proper Officers and Repositories should be provided for conducting the public Business, and safe keeping of the Books, Papers, and Records, of the said City; and that it would be very beneficial to have the Markets-for Sale of Hay, Coal, and all Sorts of Provisions, established, regulated, and supported within the said City, and to have Power given for regulating Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, Waggoners, Halliers, and Draymen, and fixing the Fares and Rates, and the Prices and Rates of Carnages, within the said City, and certain Difiances therefrom and that the present Act, for establishing a Court of Conscience in the said City, is in feme Remefts defective, and wants amending, and several other Regulations and Alterations are necessary for more perfectly managing and enforcing the Police of the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crug, Mr. Aftnchin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe* Basingftok* tition of the several other Persons whose Names are hiclosure. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested in the Common Fields, Downs, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, are incapable of apy considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields, together with the Downs and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and

specific

16 Geo. III. 4° Martiu 3

specific Parts allotted to them, in proportion to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore _ praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commop Fields, Downs, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

TewkeJbory An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, light* Paving. ing, and watching*, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of and the

Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for Removal of present, and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages; and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and, for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resobced, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nui* lances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and, for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Berwick A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, and

"*\Tweed Heritors, of the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the great Poll Road between London and , leading from the Extremity of the Liberties of the Borough of upon Tweed, by Aytoun Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pals of to Dunglass

Bridge, within the County of Berwick, is, in many Places, so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pals without great Inconvenience, and is in Danger of becoming altogether impafifable; and that the Aids which already have been obtained from the Public Bounty, and from private Contributions, have been found insufficient for the Purpose of making the said Road, and it cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Funds anting from the Laws now in Force, that Part of the County being but thinly inhabited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses on the said Road, and levying Tolls thereat, in order to establish a Fund to maintain, and keep in Repair, the said Road, and Bridges built and to be built thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Home, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stamp A Petition of several Owners of Estates and In-

Officere habitant Householders, within Shire Lane Ward, in the Land Tax. Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Owners* of Estates and Inhabitant Householders within the said Ward, was presented to the House, and read; Voi. 41.

Setting forth. That the Stamp Office now is, and for many Years hath been, held within the said Ward, and the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, for the Management of the Stamp Duties at the said Office, have been a fie lied to the Land Tax for the said Ward; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said Office is fooh to be removed to, and held within, Somerset House, which is situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, and, if the said Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers, should not continue to be assessed to the Land Tax for the said Ward, it will necessarily lay a very heavy Burthen upon the Petitioners, and all other Persons having Estates,

Qr inhabiting Houses, within the said Ward: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for afieffing the said Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers to the Land Tax for the said Ward as heretofore, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation to continue an Asti made in the last Session of Parliament, Way. intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the " Exportation of Hay;" without any Amendment; And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chriliopheffor naturalizing John Henry Christopher son; without any son’8 Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to ^and Tax-be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And allb, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woreham, for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Sixth &c- Road*-Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Crols in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of George Tasburgh, Esquire, heretofore CrathomeV called George Crathome, was presented to the House, ls'anie-and read; Setting forth, That George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Tefiament, bearing Date on or about the 12th of November 1782, and also by a certain Indenture of Settlement, bearing Date on about the 29th of July- 1783, direct and declare, that the Person with whom Barbara his then Wife (formerly Barbara Fitzherbert, Spinster) should marry, should endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament, to authorize him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only; and in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, then the Person so refuting or neglecting should not receive or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage under the said Will or Settlement; and that the said George Tasburgh, the Testator, died on or about the 14th of September 1783, leaving the said Barbara without Issue, who is since married to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner hath, in Compliance with the said Will and Settlement, taken upon himself and used the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh, and is desirous that the same may be confirmed to him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and

4 A the

Lottery.

Navy, &c. Annuities.

274

2° Martii. 4’ 17 815.

the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and rife -the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the said Will and Settlement

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, rfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that r. Daniel Pulieney and Sir Edward Astley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Money subscribed at the Bank of England for 50,000 Lottery Tickets, at 13/. each, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And also,

An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, converted into 51, per Cent. Annuities at the Bank of England, agreeable to an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N° 8. Extract of Letter from the Court of DireS#^ to the Governor General and Council, dated i-edh March 1785, permitting Mr. Hastings to resign the Government of Bengal.

Together with a Last of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Homer, One of Militia, the Deputy Auditors of the Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Order,

An Account of the Expences attending the Militia of England and Wales, for the Years 1775, 1776, and

1777; distinguishing those incurred for the Annual Exercise, the Clothing, and the Pay of Serjeants, Drums., Contingencies, General and Sub-Division Meetings.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Papers respecting Mr. Haftmgs.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Minutes, Confutations, &c. relative to the Charge made by the Governor General, Warren Hastings, Esquire, against John Bristow, Esquire, late Resident at Oude, for dilburfing large Sums of Money from the Treasury at Lucknow, without the Permission of the Nabob, or the Permission or Sanction of the Governor General and Council of > anfl without accounting for the fame: And allb,

N° 2. Copy of Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors, relative to their Censure on his Conduct at Benares, and also, the Answer of the Court of Directors thereto: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Correspondenee between the Court of Directors and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General, relative to Presents, and other Money, privately received by the said Governor General: And also,

N° 4. Copy of Proceedings, 8$c. relative to the Allowances made from the Revenues of Oude to the Company’s Servants, and others, residing within the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Proceedings and Correspondenee relative to Musuffer Jung, Nabob of Furruekabad: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Correspondenee and Proceedings relative to the Appointment of Richard Joseph Sulvoan, Esquire, late Secretary to the Select Committee at to be Ambassador from the Nabob of Arcot to the Governor General and Council at Calcutta, and also, to be Ambassador from the Governor General and Council of Calcutta to the Nabob of Arcot, and also, to be Ambassador from the Governor General and Council to the Nizam or Soubah of the Decan: And also,

N° 7. Copy of Letter from the Governor General and Council to the President and Select Committee at Bombay, dated 2tith December 1781: Received per Lively, 24th May 1783: And also,

A Petition of the Reflkor and Churchwardens of the St George Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County Hanover-of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, p"^' on Behalf of themselves and the Select Vestry of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Laws and Customs now in foroe respecting the Government of the said Select Vestry require Explanation and Amendment; and, it is also necessary to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts of Parliament for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and Repair of the Highways therein, and for the Regulations of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, so far as concerns the said Parish. of Saint George, Hanover Square, and also for the Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster, so far as concerns the said last mentioned Parish, and likewise for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Parish, and such Part of Old Bond Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, Westminster; and that the present Workhouse, from the great Increase of Paupers, being found insufficient for the convenient Reception of them, it is necessary to enlarge the fame, or erect a new one upon the Silt# thereof, or upon Ground to be purchased for that Purpose, and, the Parsonage House, in which the Rector now resides, being inconveniently situated, it is expedient to provide another, and various Regulations tefpe©ang the Parochial Economy and Management are necessary: And therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said AQrs, and for the better carrying into Execution the several Pur-

Sofes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House tall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that th-ay do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunt, Sir George 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Monsing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message

26 Geo. III. i'.mtrM

Supply Bill; A IMuffage from fee Lords* % Act*, iRoifard and

>'.ih Duties, Mu. Bomb®.;

&c‘ Mr. Spedkdr,

The Lords have-agraed to ithe ©ill, imtitoied, An ftft for continuing and granting to Ittis Majesty 'eertdJn Dirties upon Malt, Muth, Cyder, and (Petry, for the Service <of the Year <Oae Mieufand Seven inndred and Eighty-fee^ widwnt‘any Amendment.

And then the Meflentyts withdrew.

Richard’s, -An ingrossed Did for naturalizing Stihn Petit &c. Nat Riohutd, laid George iJhristian tiro read

the Third Time.

Resobed, That die Bill do pais: And that ffoe Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Richard, and George Christian

Ordered, That Sir Joseph tarry the Ml tin

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Meyer’s Nat. An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Conrad Mtyer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Biti do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chap-Pedlars. man, redding in the Hamlet of Hnllmschugh, in the Parish of Aktonefidd, in the County of Stafford, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain Parts of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade: And praying the House to take their Petition into Consideration, and corifeat to a Bitt being brought in for the total Repeal of the pth and l tth Sections contained in the said Act, to permit the Petitioners to be heard by themselves or Counsel, and to give them such other Relief as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Wholesale Traders of the City of London, and Manufacturers of was atfo

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Restrictions and Regulations impeded on Hawkefs and Pedlars by the 9th and 11th Sections of an Act^ paised in the last Session of Parliament, will not only deprive them of the Liberty of Trading to such Extent as to raider them incapable of tatisfying the just Demands of Government, and supporting their Families, but will continually subject them to Informations and vexatious Law Suits; and that the Petitioners are convinced there are not any Description of Tradesineti, in proportion to their Number, of greater Utility to the MaOufeftories and Revenue of these Kingdoms, than Hawkers and Pedlars: And therefore praying, That the gth and tith Sections of the above Act of Parliament may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves and Counsel.

And the said Petitions were fevefally ordered to lie upon the Table.

James Deep- A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are ing Stone thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, Bndge Road. paflfe(j the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled; " An Act; " for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stoke Bridge, to " Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, " and from thence to the South End of the Town of " Moreot, in the County of Rutland," Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, under the Authority of the said Act, a Progress hath been made in amending the Roads therein described, and a considerable Debt hath thereby bedo contnftodl Vol. 41.

which Ttill remains changed on \he Tolfs, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless foe Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for foe Purpose aforesaid, udder such Regulations as tb foe House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cecil, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in thft Speaker’s Chamber; ana have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fellmves presented to the House, according to Upper Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Wallop, &c. mon Fields, Cohimon Downs, Common Pastures, and Inclosure‘ other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes' of Upper Wallop, Hursbourn Pryors, and Tuj'ton, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReSolVed, That the shall be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee; to Liverpool whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Retell Road, from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor,

Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council afietabled* was referred; That the Committed had considered the said Petition; And had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bfe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had difefted him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with foe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fdottrd Foley reported frota foe Committed, tb Stourbridge whotn the Petition of the several Noblemfen, and the CaIul1* humble Petition of foe several Gentlemen, Oletgw Freeholders, and Manufefturers, of the County and City of Worcester, and of several other Persons, whdfe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that foe Standing Orders of the House, Of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been- complied with j and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read foe Report Irt his Place; arid afterwards delivered It in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where foe same was read; and is as followeth; tfiz.

Island of St. Euftatius.

2° Martii. A. 178 6.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rndking and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto fiibscribed, being Persons entitled to a Share of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, on Behalf of themselves, and all others entitled to the said captured Property, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Year 1781, serving in His Majesty’s Fleets and Armies, were present at the Capture of the Island of Saint and of the Property found in the said Island; and that His Majesty having, by Instructions, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, sent by Lord George Germain, (His Majesty’s then Secretary of State) to the Commanders in Chief, at the said Island, relinquished, in Favour of the Captors, his Right in the said Property, the Petitioners' became respectively entitled to a Share thereof ;- and, in consequence of such Instructions, Six Agents were appointed by the Navy and Army, to collect, dispose of,. and distribute the said Property, agreeable to His Majesty’s Intention, expressed in the said Instructions, and the several Agents, in virtue of such Appointment, became possessed of the said Property, and have dispersed great Part thereof, and held the Produce within their own Power; and that the Property so possessed is very great, and, as the Petitioners apprehend, ought, long since, to have been fully accounted for and distributed, so that the Petitioners might have received what they are justly entitled to; yet, notwithstanding Applications have been made to the Persons holding the said Property, to obtain such Account and Distribution, no effectual Account has been yet obtained, nor has any Part of the said Property been distributed, in consequence of which Delay the Petitioners are great Sufferers, and His Majesty’s gracious Intention has been hitherto prevented from taking Effect; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that an effectual Account and Distribution of the said Property cannot be obtained in the common Course of judicial Proceedings, without great Delay, Inconvenience, and Expence, inso much that the Costs of Proceeding would, in the same of a large Majority of those entitled to a Share thereof, exceed the Sum to be recovered, as separate Applications, in the regular Course of Proceeding, would be necessary for the Purpose: And therefore ’praying,' That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill to vest in Commissioners, to be therein named, the Whole' of the Property captured at the said Island of Saint Eustatius, and that the said Commissioners, by such Bill, may be impowered to call all Persons, who shall appear to have, or to have had, any Part of the said Property in their Hands, to a speedy Account thereof, and if it shall appear that there are any Claims to Part of the said Property still undecided, that the several Sums of Money now in the Hands of Agents, and others, may be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Commissioners, to be by them laid out on Government Securities, for the Benefit of the Captors, to the End, that a final Dividend may, in due Time, be made among the Persons entitled thereto, according to His Majesty’s most gracious Intention, or that the Petitioners may obtain such other Relief in the Premises as the House may think belt adapted to their Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Sir George Howard, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Costoms. Estimate of the Grofe Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of Customs in England, for Two Years, to the 5th of January 1786, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, Deal Small and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Debts. Deal, in the County of Kent, and also, of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Tdmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, Eastry, and in

the same County, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Town of Deal is large and populous, and is situated near to The Downs, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on in the said Town, and also in the said several Parishes, on Account of their near Situation to the said Town; and that there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the said Town and Parishes are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse (although well able) to pay the lame, presuming on the Discouragements which their Creditors lie under from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in filing for such Debts, and it would tend greatly to promote Industry, and support useful Credit, in the said Town and Parishes, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the same, could be obtained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honyrwood,

See.: And they are to meat Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, private Bills be enlarged until Tuesday next.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the Supply, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

26 Geo. IIL 2°

fcrrod to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table} Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Ninety-two thou ('and Three hundred and Twenty-six Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Eight Pence, lie granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War* in His Majesty s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

fteltcnbam A Petition of the several Persons, Inhabitants and ®*,ee,s* Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the Town of Chel-. tenham, in the County of , whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is a Place to which great Numbers of People of Distinction and Fortune relort, on Account of its Mineral Waters* and that the Footways and Passages, although in some Places paved, are, in much the greater Part, pitched with rough and irregular Stones, and very uneasy and incommodious to Patlengers, and there are certain very old Buildings, which project into the Middle of the said Town, and not only render the said Footways narrow, and more incommodious, but are also Obstructions to Carriages in passing and repairing; and that it w ould be more agreeable to the Company resorting thereto, and for the Advantage and Convenience of the inhabitants, and the Public iu general, if the Pavement was compleated, and made in a regular and uniform Manner, the said Town cleansed and lighted, the said old Buildings taken down, and the Ground whereon they stand laid open, and other Obstructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments removed and prevented for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Rest riftions as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Mr. JValpole, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Britiifi Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Fuberie*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which* upon the 22d Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fillieries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 14th

Vol. 41.

Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British FiflterieS, and into the 1110ft effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Slop Tax. whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Clraif.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report lie now received.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he w as directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and dmend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain."

And Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bulkr, the Marquis of Graham, Mr.

Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roseand Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4B

American

Trade.

Exporting

Hops.

C rewkeme Hoads.

Houge-inont’s, &c« Nat

Oxford

Canal.

3° Martii. 178

Veneris, 3° d Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III1" Regis, 1786.

Praters.

AM E S S A G £ from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain " lnltruments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United Statesand for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend -the Powers of an " Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for " the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the " Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned;" without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Creukenic, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a navigable Cut or Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation at Longford, near the City of Coventiy, to the City of Oxford, being Ninety-two Miles, and upwards, and were enabled to raile among themselves the Sum of 150,000l. in Manner therein mentioned, for the Purpose of making and compleating the said Cut or Canal, but that they have not been able to raise, by the Ways and Means in the said Act mentioned, more than 141,200l. which they expended in the Execution of the Works; and that the said Sum of 141,200l. not being sufficient to compleat the said Cut or Canal, the Petitioners obtained an Act in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby they were authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Cut or Canal, the Sum of 70,000l. at legal, or less Interest; and that the Petitioners, by virtue of the said Act, have borrowed only the Sum of 69,103/. and have, in pursuance of the said Acts of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, made and com-plcated so much of the said intended Canal as extends from the Coventry Canal, at Longford, in the County of Warwick, to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is about Sixty-three Miles, and have therein expended

210,300l. and ujiwards 1 and that the Petitioners are desirous of compleating the said Canal to the City of Oxford, but find it will be necessary to have l'ome of the Powers in the said former Acts varied and altered, and to have further Powers granted them to borrow more Money for the Purpose of making and compleating the said Canal to Oxford; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Petitioners to raise any Sum, or Sums of Money, by Loan, not exceeding 60,000l. at legal or lefsrlnterest, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Navigation, and for carrying on, compleating, securing, and preserving the lame, from Banbury uforeliiid to the City of Oxford aforesaid, and for making such Alterations and Amendments in the said Acts of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty as shall be thought necessary and expedient; and that such further Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refereed to Mr. Page, Sir William &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Simon Coggs Earl Harcourt, Lord of the Manor of Coggs, in the Inclosure. County of Oxford, and Owner of a very great Part of the I^inds within the Manor and Parish of Coggs aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor and Panlb, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pasture, Common Waste, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Lord Charles Spencer, and the Lord lVenmanT do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir Henry Peyton reported from the Committee, to Chatteris whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting Ferry Road; in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through " Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and " from thence to TiId Gote, in the Isle of Ely, and " from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to ham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road " between Wisbech and March," and also of the Creditors under the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read And,

Mr. Edward Warmor and Mr. John Mayer being severally examined, said, That a considerable Progress

hath

%6 Geo. III. %° Martii. 270

hath been made in amending the said Roads; in the doing of which the Tolls, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the said Roads cannot be compleatly amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed, and still owing, be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged, and some Addition of Toll granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from " Chatteris Ferry through Chatteris and , to

" /Visbech Saint Petersand from thence to Tid " Gate, in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outxvell, to , in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts " for repairing the said Road between JVisbeeh and MarchAnd that Sir Henry Peyton and Mr. Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

York to A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by

£«by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of n g® His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the City of York,

" by Grirnston Smithy to Kexhy Bridge, and from " Grimstyn Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the " upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Part of the Money so borrowed still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Galxcay, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Paisley A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council,

Two Pennies and other Burgesses, of Paisley, in the County of Scot*' frexc, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of " Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought " into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Paisley,

" and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew,

*£ for improving the Navigation of the River , and for other Purposes;" and Setting forth, That the said Act is now expired, but the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted are not compleated, and it would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Burgh, and to the Public in general, if the said Act was revived, the Limits extended within which the said Duty is payable, and further and other Powers given for levying the fame, and for improving the Navigation of the said River Cart: And therefore praying. That Leave Vol. 41.

may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, extending, explaining, and amending the above-recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, with such further and other Powers and Regulations as shall be deemed reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine die Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M‘Doxca the Lord Mail-land, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, anJ Records.

A Petition of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, Lord Wilton of the Manor, Tything, and Hamlet of Wilton, in the h>closure-Parish of Great Bedxvin, in the County of and

also principal Owner of the Lands lying within the said Manor, Tything, and Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the said Manor, Tything, and Hamlet; and that the Lands in the said Common Fields and Common Meadows lie intermixed and difperied in small Parcels, and it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors thereof, if the fame, and allb the said Waste Lands and Commonable Places, were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, and allb to grant the Petitioner such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, pur-fuaut to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mefl'age from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal A fieri t neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; vis.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing " certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of America, and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjefits of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" and for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

" An

Stourbridge

Canal.

Coal Trade.

280 Martii. 1786.

Act to extend the Powers of an Act made, in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, " for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants " of the United States of , to the Trade and

" Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies " and Plantations in America, with respect to certain " Articles therein mentioned."

An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty s Subjects in the Island of A'ezcjoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but Ships,

actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law', clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a " limited Time, the Exportation of Hay."

An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crew kerne, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

An Act for naturalizing Louis JVeltje and Alexander von Mayersbach.

An Act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

An Act for naturalizing John Henry

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

A Pelition of the Company of Proprietors of the Droilzckh Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation, to communicate with the River Severn, at a Place called Digits, near to the City of and

also, for making a collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, to communicate with the said Droitzt ich Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the making the said Canal and Cut may be injurious to the Petitioners, unless Provision be made in the said Bill for indehinifying them from such Injury, or making them Compensation for the fame: And therefore praying, That Provision rnay be made in the said Bill for indemnifying the Petitioners from Injury, by the making of the said intended Canal and Cut, or for making them Compensation for the Injury they may thereby sustain, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Ihe said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severne, near to the City of Worcester, be brought in.

A Petition of the Coal Owners, Fitters, and Ship Owners, of the Port and Haven of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port and Haven of Sunderland is the Second Port in the Kingdom, respecting its Consequence in the exporting of Coals, vending about 260,000 Nezccastk Chaldrons 03

Annually, in about 5,000 Sail or Ships Loadings, which Trade (from the Nature of the Place, being a dry Harbour) is attended with great Expence, Pains, and Danger, the Ships having generally to take in a considerable Part of their Loading in the Road or open Sea, which renders the Trade extremely dangerous, and is now made much more so by a Clause in a late Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of " the Coal Trade," which enacts, " That from and after " the lft Day of August 1785 it shall not be lawful " for any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer " or Officers of His Majesty s Customs, in any Port, " Harbour, or Creek, within the Kingdom of " Britain, to clear Coastwise, or for Parts beyond " the Seas, any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, laden, or " in Part laden, with Coals, Culm, or Cinders, nor " to sign, issue forth, or grant, any Cocquet, Letpals, Transire, or other Dispatch or Dispatches, " of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for the clearing Outwards, either for a Coalting Voyage, or " a Voyage for Parts beyond the Seas, any such Ship " or Vessel, until the Master, Commander, or other " Person or Persons, taking Charge of such Ship or " Vessel, shall and do produce and deliver to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at " such Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, where such Ship or " Vessel is lo laden, or in Part laden, as aforesaid, " Two Certificates from the Fitter or Fitters, or other " Person or Persons vending or delivering the Coals, " Culm, or Cinders, with which such Ship or Vessel " shall be laden, or in Part laden, as aforesaid, expressing the real Quantity so vended and delivered," whereby a very great Inconvenience and Hardship arises to a Number of the Owners of Ships belonging to the said Port, which Ships are obliged, for Want of Water upon the Bar, to eompleat their Loading in the Roads or open Sea, frequently from Twenty to Thirty, Forty or Fifty Sail at a Time, exposed to every Gale of Wind, the Commanders whereof, for Safety, are frequently obliged to flip or cut their Cables, get to Sea as fast as possible, and are frequently forced away without the Matter, or any Dispatches, which latter Dispatches are obliged to be sent to them, when informed by Post where they have arrived at, and the said Ships are detained at a great Expence, and their Cargoes cannot be delivered till the Dispatches arrive; and that the Expence of letting the Master or Commanders on Shore, and on Board, is very considerable, on Account of the great Danger that attends it, and there have been frequent Instances of Three Guineas having been paid for the Use of a Coble to set a Captain on Board, after he has been at the Custom House getting his Dispatches, and several Misfortunes have already happened by People being drowned in attempting to go off to their Ships; and that the Duties on Coals Coastwise are paid at the Delivering Port, by the Returns from which Port the Ships Burthens are ascertained by taking the Average of the Quantity they deliver for a Number of Voyages, and they are thereby rated, of consequence therefore can make no Difference to, or injure the Revenue in the least Degree; and that the Coals at the said Port are always east in the Day Time, which being the Time appointed by the Customs for clearing the Ships, viz. from Nine to Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and from Two to Four in the Afternoon, the aforesaid Clause subjects the Owners to a considerable Expence, in paying the Officers Extra Fees for clearing the Ships out of Office Hours: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Petitioners Hardttiips into Consideration, and suffer their Ships, when properly rated, and clearing Coast-wile, to be cleared by that Rate, before they be fully

loaded,

26 Geo. III. 30 Murtii. 281

loaded, which always was the case before the late Afit Markets in the said Town, and the carrying and con-

took place.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Eden, Sir Matthew JVliite Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Newcastle A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

upon Tyne n,0I1 Council, of the Town of upon Tyne,

Sitmu, 4c. j(1 t|)C County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in

Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne i& very large and populous, and a Place of great Resort, and the Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, have been heretofore, and of Right ought to be, maintained and repaired, at the foie Expense of the Corporation, but, the Pavements of such Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, are not sufficiently cleansed, and are subject to many Nuisances and Annoyances, and cannot be sufficiently cleansed, and kept free from fwch Nuisances and Annoyances, without the Authority of Parliament; and that several of the said Streets, Lanes, and public Ways, are very narrow and inconvenient, and several of the said Market Places are inconveniently situated, small, and inefficient for vending the Goods, Victuals, and Merchandise exposed to Sale therein; and that it will be highly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others resorting thereto, and to the Trade thereof, and also of public Utility, if the Petitioners were enabled, at the Expence of the said Corporation, to widen and enlarge the said Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and to make and open new Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and proper Communications therewith, where it may be necessary or expedient, and to make Orders, Rules, and Regulations relating to the public Markets within the said Town or Liberties, and the carrying and conveying of Goods, Victuals, and Mer-chandile to, and exposing the same to Sale in, such Markets, and also, to appoint proper and convenient Places for the standing, loading, and unloading of Waggons, Carts, and other common Carriages, and for depositing the Soil, Manure, Rubbish, and other Compost, made in such Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and for those Purposes, out of the Funds and Revenues of the said Corporation, to purchase Lands, Houses, or Tenements, within the said Town, or the Liberties thereof; and that a li-confed Theatre is much wanted in that Part of the Kingdom, and it will be also beneficial to the said Town, if His Majesty was enabled to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse in the said Town, or the Liberties thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways, and Market Places, within the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, and for keeping the same free from all Nuisances and Annoyances, and for enabling the Petitioners, at the Expence of the said Corporation of Newcastle, to widen and enlarge the said Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and to make and open new Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and proper Communications therewith, where it shall be necessary or expedient, and also to enable the Petitioners (when in Common Council assembled) to make and ordain Orders, Rules, and Regulations, relating to the public Vol. 41.

veying Goods, Victuals, and Merchandises to, and expoling the same to Sale in, such Markets; and also, to direct and appoint proper and convenient Places, within the said Town, or the Liberties thereof, for the standing, loading, and unloading of Waggons,

Carts, and other common Carriages, and for depositing the Soil, Manure, Rubbish, and other Compost, made or occasioned in such Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, in the said Town, or the Liberties thereof, and to enable the Petitioilers, for all or any of these Purposes, out of the Funds and Revenues of the said Corporation, to purchase Lands, Houses, or Tenements, within the said Town, or. the Liberties thereof; and to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse in the said Town, or within the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mondap Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Raveley

whom the Petition of Sir Henry Peyton, Baronet, *nc'ofure* Lord of the Manor of Great Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon, and Owner of the greatest Part of the Old Inclosed Lands, Open Fields, and Common Rights, within the Parish of Raveley, on Behalf of himself and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, there being no Church within the said Parish whereon to affix the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had allb found, that the Lord of the Manor, and the Owner of the Tythes, and all the several other Persons interested, had been applied to, and are contenting that the said Lands and Grounds should be inclosed; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Christopher Bell said, That if the said Lands were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and feme Exchanges made, as well of the Old Inclosed Lands as of the Lands to be inclosed, it would be a great Benefit to the several Owners thereof, and all other Persons interested therein.

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of tire 15th Day of July 17 84, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Bills for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors and Parishes of Dudley and Kingswittford, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon:

And that Mr. Hungerford, the Lord Hinchingbrook, and the Earl Ludlow, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cruger reported from the Committee, to whom

4 C the

and Streets.

Debtors Petition.

Stone

Inclosure,

102 3° Mar til A. 1786.

the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thiity-third Year of the Reign of his late MajTry King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting- a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto, and for building an- other Bridge over f'omc other Part of the said River within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Wav from the Bridge already built to Temple in the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevovally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in the Gaol in and for the County of Leicesteron Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Granville Earl Gower, and the humble Petition of Sir Richard Baronet, John Rutter, William Unett, William Plant, Thomas Bill, and Thomas Stanley, Gentlemen, on Be-

half of themselves and several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, having a Right of Common in and upon certain Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called by the Names of Tiltensor Heath, 'Tiltensor Hills, Bury Bank, and Darlastone Green, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and other Persons arc Owners and Proprietors of several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, within the Townships of Tittcnsor and Darlastone, in the Parish of State, in the County of Stafford, in which Townships and Parish there are several Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Tiltensor Heath, Tittcnsor Hills, Bury Bank, and Darlastone Green, containing together by Estimation, about 580 Acres, whereon the Petitioners and other Persons are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons or Waste Grounds are at present of little life and small Value," and the Petitioners and other Persons interested therein, and having a Right of Common thereon, are desirous that the same should be inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interefis: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to brin» in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Tit tensor Heath, Tittcnsor Hills', Bury

Bank, and Darlastone Green, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir John Wrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; Common

off

Council, Merchants, and Traders of Plymouth, in Scour!,ridge the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto Canal, subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a navigable Canal from or near

bridge, in the County of Worcester, to a certain Part of the River Severn, at or near the City of Worcester; and that the Traffic of Plymouth, to and from the Towns of Birmingham, Sheffield, which the Severn, and its various Canals embrace, being liable to Obstructions and Delays, for Want of an adequate Depth of Water on the several Fords above Worcester, the Petitioners apprehend those Inconveniences will be effectually removed, and a regular Intereourl'e secured, by the intended Canal, to communicate with the River Severn where the deep Water commences: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names Great Leke are thereunto let and subscribed, on Behalf of them- Illclosure-selves and others', who are Owners of Lands, Tythes, and Common Right, in the Open and Common Fields,

Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, wa3 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands in the said Open and Common Fields,. Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly advantageous to all the Persons interested therein to have the same divided and inclosed: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mitndy, Lord Edward Bentinck, and Mr. Medozcs,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lister reported from the Committee, to whom Clithero, &c.

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Inclosure. Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 8£ Free Burgage Houses, and of 108 Acres and 3 Roods of Free Lands, and that there are, within the said Borough, 79 Free Burgage Houses, and 56G Acres and 2 Roods of Free Lands, the Owners of whom are entitled to Right of Common; and that no Person ap- " peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,' with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Liverpool Church, &(\

Hederfledt’s

Nat.

Dumbarton Ronds, &c.

Coals used in Isle of

Angleiey.

26 Geo. III. Martii.283

A Bill for augmenting and ascertaining the Income and Copper w itliin the County of Cornwall, was granted of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of King George Chapel of Liverpool, was read a Second Time. the Second; and that the Petitioner apprehends, it the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas- like Drawback was to be allowed for all Coals consumed coyne, Junior, the Lord Penrhyti,&c: And they are to in flnelting the Coppfer and Lead Ores, and in working meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the such Fire Engines, within the said Isle, the Petitioner and Speaker's Chamber. and other Persons would be enabled to work the Copper

and Lead Mines in the said Isle more eftefitually, as Mr. Bustard presented to the House, according to well to the Advantage of the Leflecs, Ow ners, and Ad-Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gustaf Hederstedt: And venturers, as of the Public in general: And therefore the same was received; and read the First time. praying the House to take the Preiniles into Conftdcration,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and to give such Belief therein as to the House shall

seem meet.

Captain Elphinslone reported from the Committee, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to whom the Petition of the several Freeholders and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Heritors, in the County of Dumbarton, whole Names mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it arc thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of them- shall appear to them, to the House. selves and the other Freeholders and Heritors of the And it is referred to Mr. Dunes, Mr. &c.:

said County, was referred; That the Committee had And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: A Petition of the Manufacturers and Printers of Hawkers and

"Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz. Silk, Silk and M.illin, Linen Handkerchiefs, and Pedlars.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. other printed Goods, and the Manufacturers of Small JViltiamDrew being examined, said, That the Powers Wares, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof* was pre- Bridges, are in many Respects defective, and the Re- fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That gulations thereby authorized are insufficient for amend- the Petitioners did, in the last Session of Parliament, ing and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges in previous, to the passing of the Act for granting cer-the County of Dumbarton; and that some further tain Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chap-Powers are necessary, in order to carry the present Laws men, and for regulating their Trade, represent to the into Execution. House, that the Suppression of them would tend

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill greatly to the Diminithing the Manufactures of the for repairing the Highway’s and Bridges in the County laid Town and Neighbourhood, and be a considerable of Dumbarton: And that Captain Elphinstone, Sir Ar~ Detriment to His Majesty’s Revenue; and that, be-

chibald Edmonslone, and -the Lord Advocate of Scotland, fore the patting of the said Act, the Petitioners era-

do prepare, and bring in the fame. ployed many thousand Persons in manufacturing and

finishing the said Wares and Merchandises disposed A Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of of by that Clal's of People, but have been.obliged to himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees discharge near One Half of them, and, in case the 9th of Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Angle fey. was and 11 th Sections of the said Act are not repealed, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Remainder, or greatest Part of them, having been That there are several considerable Mines of Copper brought up to this Business from their Infancy, will, and Lead in the said Isle, and the Petitioner and with their Families, being out of Employ, be reduced other Persons, who are concerned in railing Copper to the greatest Distress, and be obliged to seek a Live-and Lead therefrom, are obliged, on Account of the lihood elsewhere; and that many of the Hawkers,

Want of Coals and other Fuel in the said Isle, to carry Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, deterred by the Pains, their Copper and Lead Ores, at a very considerable Penalties, and Restrictions in the said Act, have de-Expence, to other Places at a great Distance, where dined to purchase any more Goods, and others nO Coals pay no Duty, in order to be smelted; and that more than they are necessitated to do, in order to dif-the heavy Expence which the Petitioner and others pose of the Goods then in their Hands, and to colleCk necessarily incur on Account of the high Price of and (so far as they can) the Debts owing unto them,

Duty on Coals in the said Isle, is a great Discouragement w hereby the Petitioners have very considerable Quan-as well to the Lessees, Owners, and Proprietors of the tities of Goods now undisposed of, having been manu-said Mines, as to other Persons who might become factured in Expectation of the usual Consumption; Adventurers therein; and that in the Progress of and that the Goods, which have been usually sold by

working the said Mines, they must necessarily go to that Class of People, chiefly consist of Silk, Silk and

such a Depth, that, from that Circumstance, and the Muslin, Linen and other Handkerchiefs, and other Situation of the Ore, it will be impossible for the Wa- printed Goods, feme of which pay an Excise and Duty ter to be drawn and kept out of them without the from Nine to Ten Shillings per Dozen Handkerchiefs,

Help of Fire Engines, in working of which great and therefore if the oth and 11th Sections in the said Quantities of Coals must be used, in procuring where- Act are not repealed, it will be a very great Injury to of the Leflecs and Owners and Proprietors of Copper that valuable Branch of Business, and a very con-and Lead Mines in the said Isle will be under the same siderable Lois to His Majesty's Revenue; and that Difficulties and Discouragement as in supplying the m- the Justices of the County of Norfolk and City of selves with Coals for the Purpose of smelting; and Norwich, at the last General Quarter Sessions of the that, as an Encouragement for raising Tin and Cop- Peace for the County and City, have, by virtue of per Ores, a Drawback on the Duties on Coals con- the Powers given them by the said Act, ordered, that fumed in smelting such Tin and Copper Ores, in the no Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapmen, shall vend Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was granted by an their Goods in any Town, Parish or Place, in the

Act made in the N inth Year of Queen Anne, and also said County of , or City of Norwich, after

a like Drawback on the Duties on Coals used in Fire Nine Months Notice shall have been given thereof in Engines for draining W ater out of the Miues of Tin feme of the public Newspapers, and which Orders Vo L. 41. have

by v^.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Romford

Workhouse.

Liverpool

Load.

3°Martii. A. 178 6.

have since he2a published in The Chronicle, or

Norwich Gazette, of Saturday, October the 1.5th, 1785, and the Petitioners are also informed, That the Justices in several other Parts of this Kingdom have taken limilar Steps: And therefore praying the House to take the Restrictions contained in the said Act into their i'erious Consideration, and consent to the Repeal of the 9th and 1 lth Sections of the said Act, and to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, thereon.

A Petition of the Journeymen Weavers and others, employed in the manufacturing and finishing of Silk, Cotton, and Lihen Hen lkerchiefs, Cotton Goods, and Small Wares, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and Neighbourhood thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for a great Number of Years, been employed in weaving and finishing of Silk, Linen, C'otton, and other Goods, usually disposed of by Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; and that in consequence of an Act passed in the last SdTion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, great Numbers of the Petitioners have, with their Wives and Families, been thrown out of Employ, and others are in daily Expectation thereof, the Manufacturers who now employ them having c mliderable Quantities of manufactured Goods upon hand, being deprived of the Opportunity of disposing thereof by reason of the Restrictions contained in the said A ft: And therefore praying the House to take their Request into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall leein belt.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Chapel Wardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering Attc and

in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are of late Years lb greatly increased, that the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and that if a commodious Workhouse was provided for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and proper Power given for regulating and employing them therein, they might be much better maintained than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a commodious Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and to make such Provision for regulating and employing the Poor therein, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter ttiereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Benyon, Mr. Bullock, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, next at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. North presented to the House, according to Sliottery Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inctofiuv. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonatly Sandwich, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sand- &c. Small wich, in the County of Kent, and also, of the Itlha- e ts‘ bitants of the Ville of Ramsgate, and of the Parishes of Minjlcrami Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet,

Walmer, Ash next Sandwich, IVinghStaple, nestone next IVingham, Cliillenden, Woodnes-

borough otherwise IVinsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Sutton next Dover, Elmestone, Preston next Wing-ham, Ickham, and IVickhambreu.r, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Town and Port of Sandwich is large and populous, and there is a River, or Branch of the Sea, which runs up to the said Town and Port, forming a commodious Haven, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on in the said Town and Port, and also in the said Ville of Ramsgate, and in the said several Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Walmer, Ash, lVingham, Staple, Gdodnestone, Chillenden, Nonnington,

Woodnesborough, otherwise Winsboraw, Eythorne, Word, otherwise Worth, Sutton, Elmestone, Preston, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, on Account of their Situation to the slid Town and Port; and that there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the said Town and Port, Ville, and Parishes, are obliged to give Credit for lindll Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although able, to pay the lame, presuming on the Dif-couragements which their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for such Debts, and it would tend greatly to promote Industry, and support useful Credit in the said Town and Port, Ville, and Parishes, if a more eal'y and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same could be obtained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brett, Mr. Stephens, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustee3 appointed to Romsey.&c. put into Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Road, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road leading from " a Street called The Hundred, at through

" Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County " of Southampton, and for connecting the same with " the Road leading from the City of Winchester,

M through Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley " aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road " leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid,

" through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill " Heath, in the said County of Southampton," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of

Money

N. Shields Water-works;

Carlisle

Road.

26 Geo. Ill* ? MartiL 285

Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies owing be repaid, linless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Jerooise,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Armstrong, John ' Ham Watson, and William Taylor, all of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Town of North Shields is, at present, iii supplied with ffefh Water, and the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Shipping which resort to the Harbour, often experience great Inconvenience for Want of a proper and regular Supply of that most valuable Article, and the Petitioners, having taken the Premises into Consideration, have formed a Plan for (applying the said Town, and the Shipping relbrting thither, with Water: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to supply the said Town of North Shields, and the Shipping frequenting the said Harbour,-with fresh Water, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir liam Middleton, &c.; And they are to meet upon ' day Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rell of the Commissioners and Trustees named, appointed, and elected, to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying out, making, and keeping " in Repair, a Road, proper for the Passage of Troops " and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town " of Newcastle upon Tyne," l'o far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which doth lie in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act into Execution in the County of Northumberland, several Years ago, caused the said Road to be made and completed, and have ever since applied the Money arising by the Tolls in carrying on the Repairs thereof, but the same is so very inadequate to keeping the said Road in Repair, that, not only a considerable Sum of Money is now due to Persons who did repair a Part of the said Road, but there is also a large Arrear of Wages due to several poor Labourers, who have, from Time to Time, been employed in repairing the said Road; and that the said Road is the great and common Road from Newcastle upon Tyne to Carlisle, and by Means of many heavy Carriages passing and re-passing thereon with narrow Wheels, a Vol. 41.

great Part of the said Road, which lies in the County of Northumberland, is in a ruinous Condition, having several steep Hills, large Watercourses, Drains, and Bridges, lying in and upon the fame, which cannot be effectually repaired and kept without a very great and extraordinary Expence, and the Materials used for the greatest Part of the said Road lying at a considerable Distance, it is im-

j o # m9

possible to complete and keep the said Road in Repair, unless greater and other Tolls are granted, and the Trustees enabled to borrow such Sums of Money upon the Credit of the New Tolls, as shall by them be deemed necessary to discharge the aforesaid Arrears, and to put the said Road into complete Repair; and that the completeing the Repairs of the said Road, so as to make it proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, will not. only be of National Benefit, but will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the County of Northumberland, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, the City of Carlisle, and Parts adjacent, and the Commercial interest of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said former Act, and for amending and enlarging the Powers thereby granted, and for more eflfeftually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in fudi Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet'.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir William Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from Duty on the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Waggons, Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called ih; and, &c* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Waggons, Wains,

Carts, S$c. entered with the several Collectors between the lit of November 1784 and the 10th of October 1785, and the Amount of Duty received by them thereon, distinguishing each Duty: And allb,

An Account of the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on Account of the Duty on Waggons and Carts, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785, and between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among!); the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from the Exchequer Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was B»U*. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account shewing the Amount of the Charges incurred by Exchequer Bills made forth on the Credit of the Land Tax and Duties on Malt respectively, for the Service of the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, and 1770:

And also,

An Account of the interest incurred on Exchequer Bills made out and issued pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 D "An

British

Fisheries.

386 3° Martii- A. 1786.

" An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of , for

advancing the Sum of 2,000,0001, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1781," from the Time to which the same was last paid to the 27th Day of Rebrftary, Anno 1786: And also,

An Account of Exchequer Bills made out pod issued purfqant to an Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1785, with the Interest computed thereupon, from the rel'peftive Days of Hiding the same to the 27th Day of 1780:

And also,

An Account of the Interest incurred on ;Exchequer Bills granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1785," from the Tipie of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786: And ,p|fo,

An Account of Exchequer Bids made out and issued jpurfuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year 178,5," with the Intcrqft computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of Febntary 1786: And also,

An Account of Exchequer Bills made out and issued pursuant to an Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1785, with the Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786: And also,

An Account of Exchequer Bills made out and issued jpurfuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " year .1785," with the Interest computed thereupon, from the respective Days of issuing the same to the 27th Day of February 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr- Michael Angelo Taylor, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which, upon the 22d Day of February last, was made frorq the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were readand are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings per Ton be laid upon every Ship or Vessel (not being British-buWt, owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law) importing Turbots or Lobsters into Great.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon all Turbots, measuring from the Eye to the Extent of the Tail Sixteen Inches, which shall be caught by the Crews of British Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Ions or upwards, and imported into the Port of London, for the Term of Three Years, there shall be paid a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Score; for all such Turbots, lo imported in the next succeeding Year, there 01

shall be paid a Bqunty of Twenty Shillings per Score; and for all such Turbots, so imported in the Year then next following, there shall be paid a Bounty of Ten Shillings per Score.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Fifty Pounds be allowed for the greatest Number of Turbots, of the Dimensions aforesaid, caught and imported into the Port of London, in any One Year, by any British Vessel; that a Bounty of Forty Pounds be allowed for the next greatest Number of such Turbots so caught and imported within the same Period; and that a Bounty of Thirty Pounds be allow'ed for the next greatest Number of such Turbots so caught and imported within the same Period.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Lampreys, Lamperns, or Wilks, should, for a Time to be limited, be exported from. Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be -BrfrisA-built, owned by British Subjects, navigated according to Law, and fitted for the Cod Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Lampreys, or Lamperns, should, for a Time to be limited, be exported, in any One Vessel whatever, at any One Time, in any greater Number than Two thou-faqd; and that no Wilks should be exported, in any One Vessel whatever,' at any One Time, in any greater Quantity than Thirty-six Bushels.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr.

Beaufoy, and the Marquis of Graham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the most principal Inhabitants and St. John, Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in Southwark, the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Disputes and Difficulties have arisen in the said Parish, respecting the Mode of ascertaining and collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and that it would be very advantageous if proper Powers were given for making an equal Pound Rate for the Relief and Maintenance, and for the better governing, regulating, and employing the Poor belonging to the said Parish, who are very numerous, and maintained at a great 'Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave mny be given to bring in Bill for the better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Pqor of the Parish of Saint John, in ,t)ie

Coupty of Surrey, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confi deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr ..Henry Thornton, Mr. Norton, {he: And they are to meet upon Morn-

ing, pt Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Rill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Westminster Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for impower- Paving, ing the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the -Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maiti-waring, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet

this

26 Geo. III. ?° Martii. 287

this Afternoon, at - Five of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Adjoarn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of

menu the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning uext

Earl of A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James,

Newburgh's , Earl of Neivburgh, Viscount Kiamird, Baron

Estate* ston, of Flacraig, in the Kingdom of Scotland,1 being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by;His Majesty’s Command, acquainted :the House, That His Majesty, having bebn informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the Hud Petition was brought up, and read; Setting ifocth. That of all the Ehates which were forfeited to the Crown by the Adherents to the'Cause of the Family of Stuart, either in the Year 1715, or 1745, -the Derwentwater 'Estates alone remain frill vested in

the Trustees of the Public; and that the Derwentwater Estates are certainly not more unalienable from the Service of the Public, because they were vested by the Tiventy-second of George the Second in the Governors or Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, than th forfeited Estates, which, by the Twenty-fifth of his said late Majesty, were annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, to remain for ever unalienable from the tfame, for the Puposes of civilizing the inhabitants of <the Highlands and dilands of Scotland, the promoting amongst them the Protestant Religion, good Government, Industry, and Manufactures, That Parliament still retains the same Power and Controul over the Derwentwater Estates, which it had over all the

Scotch forfeited Estates, which have been so lately restored, and the Petitioner is confident, that if he elks a less Favour, and shews more Pretensions, than any other Person, who, under similar Circumstances, has lately experienced the Favour of the Legislature, his Application will not be rejetted; and that to re-admit the Petitioner to that Part off his Family Estates which was not forfeited, wiU be only a very inconsiderable Diminution of a Fund, which will for ever continue to be very greatly benefited out of the forfeited Estates of his Family, and which of late Years has been otherwise immensely augmented, and mult ne-cefi’arily, for ever, continue to increase: That the Petitioner foes for no Forgiveness of the Crime of his Ancestors, no Alleviation nor RemilTion of any Part of their Punishment, but leaving the Rigour of the Law to operate upon them, and their Posterity, in its full Extent, he only applies to the Humanity and Equity of the House to admit him to take that Remnant of his Family Patrimony, which the Law of his Country' would have cast upon him, if its Effects had not been impeded by the Twenty-second of George the Second, which vested it in Trustees for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to foggeft, that his late Father was never found an Alien, nor did he foffer a Common Recovery during his Life, to bar the Remainders, which, although he were an Alien, he might have done, and had he been even found an Alien, yet the Right which the Crown would, in such Case, have acquired by its Prerogative, would have determined by his Death, which would have opened the Right of the Petitioner, who might in Law have taken the Estate Tail under a Settlement, made in the Year 1712, in the same Manner as his Cousin German, Mr. John

clyffe, took, and actually enjoyed for Sixteen Years, the whole Derwentwater Estate, under that and another

Settlement, after the Death of his Father, the late Earl of Derwentreater, who was only Tenant for Life; Vol. 41.

and that: the Petitioner gratefully acknowledges the Favour of that Support and Relief, which the Parliament granted to his Father, under his fopposed Inability, as an Alien, to hold the Estate against the Ct own, but is at the same Time confident, that Parliament will not give such an Effect to the Twenty-second of George the Second, as to defeat that legal and equitable Right which would otherwise have undoubtedly fuhfifted in the Petitioner; and the Petitioner is confident, that it will appear to every Member of the House, who considers the Nature of foe Twenty-second of George the Second, that the Basis or Ground of that Act was his Mnjeliy’s Grant of all his Right and Interest in foe said Estates to the Governors of Greenwich Hospital, according to the Words of foe said Act, which recites, that his then Majesty was consenting that the Parliament ihotild make any Disposition and Settlement they should think fit of foe Interest his Majesty then had, or might have, in the Premises, for foe Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and which enacts, that the Estates in Question should be divested out of his Majesty, and settled upon, and vested in the Governors of the Hospital; and the Petitioner suggests, that it will also appear, from the very Tithe of the Act, which is, for veiling the several Estates of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles -

clyffe, comprised in the several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, <$*c. that the very Intention of the Act was, to settle such Estates only as were then in foe Crown, by virtue of the Forfeiture of those Two Persons, and that although it be recited in the aforesaid Act, that the Petitioner’s Father was consenting to extin-guiih the Right of himself, and of his Issue Male, under the said Settlement of 1712, yet, as the enacting Part of the said Act of Parliament contains no Words which expressly divest the Estate out of him, and veil the same in the Crown, or extinguish the Right of him, or of his Issue Male, under the said Settlement, the Petitioner confides, that, upon relioring the Sums of Money which were paid by foe Hospital, either to his Family, or in disencumbering the Estates, which in all amount to 58,900l. they will think it just and reasonable to place him in that Situation in which foe Law would have found him, if its Effects had not been impeded by the Twenty-second of George the Second: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the Twenty-second of George the Second, as may go to extinguish the Right of- the Ilfue Male of his late Father under foe Settlement of 1712, and for admitting him to take those Estates in Tail Male which were settled upon his Grandfather for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male, subject to the Payment of 58,900l. or for granting to the Petitioner such other Redress or Relief, as the singular and unprecedented Hardships of his same shall , appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon foe Table.

1

A Petition of Elizabeth Countels of Sutherland, and Bridge* in the humble Petition of George Granville Leveson Gower Scotland. Sutherland, commonly called Lord Viscount Trentham,

Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, and Sir Hector Munro, Knight of foe Most honourable Order of the Bath, for themselves, and on Behalf of other Owners of Land, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney, being offered to be presented to foe House;

Mr. Chancellor of the- Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of foe Contents of foe said Petition, recommends it to foe Consideration of foe House.

Then foe said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting

2 8 8 3° Mart . 1786.

Bridges in Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-Scotland; fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An A ftto enable His Majesty to grant to the " Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain " Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in " Scotland, which were put under the Management " of a Board of Trustees, by an Act passed in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, and to repeal the said " Act," the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His said late Majesty was repealed, and it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to give, grant, and dif-pone, to the Persons therein named and described, being the Representatives of the Persons who forfeited the said several forfeited Estates, upon their severally paying into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the several and respective Sums of Money in the said Act mentioned, at the Times therein specified; and certain Sums, Part of the Money so directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, were appropriated by the said Act for the Purposes, and to the Ule, of the Persons and Societies therein mentioned, and it was enacted, That in case the Sums to be paid into the said Court, in Consideration of the said annexed forfeited Estates being restored, should not be exhausted by the several Applications or Appropriations in the said Act specified, the Balance of the Money so to be paid in should remain under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public Banks or public Funds, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament; and that the Communication between the Counties of Ross and Sutherland, and those Parts of Scotland to the Northward thereof, is at present exceedingly inconvenient and dangerous, by reason of their being no Bridge over The Bonnar, which is the Boundary between the Counties of Ross and Sutherland, nor over The Hemsdale, which is between Sutherland and and because the Roads between those Passes are not properly made and repaired; and that the chief Article of Trade in Sutherland, being Black Cattle, which must pass the Rivers above mentioned, when carried Southward for Sale, the Dealers are subjected to much Inconvenience and Lois in transporting the Cattle across the Ferries, or over Waters uncommonly rapid; and to have a certain and convenient Communication with the by Means of Bridges over Bonnar and Hemsdale, and good Roads to connect them, would be of great Advantage to those concerned in the Fisheries; and that, as the Works here mentioned cannot be accomplished without Aid from the Public, the Petitioners conceive that 6,000l. or such other Part as may be thought proper, of the Money arising from the forfeited Estates lately restored, at the Disposition of Parliament, by the Act in Part above recited, may be lb applied with great Benefit to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of 6,000l. or such other Sum as shall be thought proper and necessary, of the unexhausted Balance, which is at the Disposition of Parliament, and directed, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, to be paid into the Exchequer in Scotland, towards building the Bridges, and making the Roads above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Thomas Dundas,

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Sir Janies Bridges; Riddell, Baronet, Sir Hector Murvro, Knight of the Scotland. Bath, George Ross, Duncan Davidson, Kenneth Mackenzie, Alexander Gray, John Mackenzie, John Alexander Brodie, James Baillie, Simon Fraser, and Colin

Mackenzie, Esquires, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Caithness, and Die Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, catled Bewley and Conon, run across the Country immediately

to the Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of both those Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes utterly in-accdfible, and always reached, through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and not un-frequently with the Lol's of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted by making long Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, feme on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance hitherto -of any public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings, in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers, which Rivers run partly through, and partly contiguous to, Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered at different Times upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers Conon and Bewley, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but those Rents having been from Time to Time otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other public Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor in that Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland; and that the late Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with Payment into the Exchequer in Scotland of certain Sums, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament, and it being understood to be the Intention of Parliament to dispose of these Sums in useful and necessary public Improvements in Scotland, the Two Bridges above mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about 10,000l.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of 10,000l. of the unexhausted Balance, which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland, are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewley and Conon, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tire House.

And

Bareli's Dying Invention.

Navy Efti-matts, iVc.

46 Geo. III. 30 Mafti 289

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. JVemyss,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Personfe, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Louis Borell, on Behalf of himself and Partner, Abraham Henry B being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition ttas brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner and his laid Partner have, for several Years, applied themselves to the Discovery of the Method of dying the Colour called Turkey Red upon Cotton in Hanks, and in the Piece, and after great Labour, and repeated Experiments, have fully accomplished the fame; add that the Petitioner submitted his Discovery to the Consideration of the Committee of Commerce at Manchester, who appointed feme of the principal Manufacturers of Cotton Goods there to investigate the fame, atld the Perfotts fd deputed accordingly attended the Petitioner through every Operation of preparing and dying Cotton of the above-mentioned Colour, and saw every Ingredient that was used, and the proportionate Quantities of each, in consequence whereof the said Gentlemen have fmee prepared, and dyed a Quantity of Cotton Yarn, Without the Assistance or Direction of the Petitioner, equally as beautiful in Colour, and durable, as if dyed by himself; and that the said Experiments and Discovery were made without any RecOmpence or Reward being stipulated for, or granted to, the Petitioner and his Partner for such Communication of their Secret, or for the Expences they were at in proving the Utility of the fame, relying on a Reward from the Justice and Bouhty of Parliament, if the Premises ihorild be made out to the Satisfaction of the House; and that the Colour, which the Petitioner and his Partner have so discovered, is much wanted in this Kingdom, and would, by improving and extending the Manufacture of Cotton, prove of great national Importance and Advantage, and the Petitioner is willing that the said Difcdvcry, which has hitherto been communicated only to the said Manufacturers, deputed by the Committee of Commerce at Manchester, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Reality of thfe Discovery, and proving its Utility, may be dif-closed to the Public at large, on receiving some Satisfaction for their Expences and Labour: And therefore the Petitioner prays the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and chealfully submits to the tVililom of Parliament the Consideration of the Encouragement and Reward his said Dilcdvefy lnay be deemed td merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; add report the fatne, as it shall appear to them, tb the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Stanley,

&c.: Arid they are to meet upon Monday Morning hfext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mf. Brett, from the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great pre-

fented to the House, pursuant td their Order,

Abstract of the Ordinary Estimates Of the NaV^, fdr the Years 1766, 176", 1768, and 17(19! And also,

An Account shewing the Amount of the Sutris granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Years 1766, 1767, 176^, fend 1769; Vol. 41.

and also, the Amount of the Expences incurred fdr Services dot provided for by Parliament, during tlfe same Period.

And the Titles of the said Abstract and Account W’ere read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract and Account do life upon the Table, to be perused by the Members, of thfe House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Abstract and Account be printed, as shall he sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Abstract and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiod.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of the Tenterdea Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and ^oad* widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Tb\Vn of Tenderden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hdthfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden to Dashmanden, in thfe Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Honyzvood, &c.: And they arse to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Menai Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the County Bridge, and of Carnarvon: And also, Anglesey

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, °* and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Carnarvon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That public Notice has been given that a Petition will be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, called The Streights of Menai, at or near Porthaethwy, or Bangoir Ferry; and that the Prosperity of the County and Borough of Carmarthen in a considerable Measure depends on the Trade and Commerce ' they derive irdm the free and uninterrupted Navigation of the Menai, and the proposed Bridge, or any such Obstruction in that water, would greatly impede and endanger the Navigation, and prove highly injurious to the Petitioners, and all others having Commercial Irrtercourse with the said County and Borough: And therefore praying,

That if the House shall give Leave that a Bill be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid, (he Petitioners may be heard, by themlelveS Or their Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, rintil thfe Bill for building a Timber Bridge ovfer thfe Streights of Menai, from the County of Carnarvon tb the oppdfite Shbre in the County of Anglesey, and for making proper Rbads tb thfe laid Bridge, be brought in.

The Hotife being Ihfortned that Mr. Hughiohi, from Reve.de thfe Exchequer, attended at thfe Door; he was called Account*. in; and, at thfe Bat, presented to thfe House, parfiiarit to tllfeir Orders,

Ail Accotiut of all Monies iffufed upon Addresses, between Michaelmas 1784 and liiiehdekiias i ^83: Arid also.

An Account of the Aririilal Sums chfetgfed upon,

4 E and

290

3* Martii. 178

Revenue

Accounts.

land and Malt Taxes.

Ditto.

and payable out of, the Aggregate Fund, exclusive of the Sums paid out of that Fund for Annuities, and the Charges of Management: And also,

An Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, during the Year ending Michaelmas 1785, of the several Taxes imposed in the Year 1784, and applicable to the Payment of the Annuities in respect of 6,000,000l. borrowed in the said Year, and of the Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and cancelled pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth of his present Majesty: And also,

An Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, during the Year ending the 5th of 1786, of the several Taxes imposed in the Year 1784, and applicable to the Payment of the Annuities in respect of 6,000,000l. borrowed in the said Year, and of the Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and cancelled pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Taxes appropriated for particular Purposes, or not applicable to the Payment of any Part of the Interest of the Public Debt; distinguishing such as remain in the Exchequer for the Dispofiliou of Parliament, which have bee1.) paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785: And also,

An Account of the Sums Annually paid into the Exchequer, on the Duties on Houses and Windows, under the Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for Ten Years, ending at Michaelmas 1785; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and how much of the same was remitted from North Britain: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in the Year 17S4, except on Land and Malt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Land and Malt Taxes, imposed in the Years 1774, 177.*), 1776, 1777, *7/3, 1779, 1780, 1781, 1782, and 1783, distinguishing each Year and each Tax; viz. the Land Tax from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt Duty from Midsummer to Midsummer.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Papers relative to the last Peace with the Mahrattas, or any Demand made by the Mahrattas,

concerning the Cession or Restoration of any Territories, now in the Possession of the Company, or its Allies, or of the Payment of any Chout (or Fourth Part of the Revenues) or of any Sum in lieu thereof, or concerning any Payment of Money, or Loan, to any of the said Mahrattas, made or paid Cnee the lft of January 1779;

The House was moved, That N° 20 of the Appendix to the Tenth Report, which was made from the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, containing Copy of a Letter

from Air. Hastings to Colonel Muir, dated Chunargur, 10th September' 1781, and also, Translate of an Agreement between Colonel Muir on the Part of the English Company, and Mahajee Scindfor himself, dated 15th October 1781, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Articles of Agreement, made and concluded at Fort , in

Bengal, between the Governor General and Council, for the Affairs of the East India Company, on Behalf of the said Company, on the one Part, and Maha Raja Luckindar Bahadur, Ranna of Gohud, for himself and his Successors, on the other Part, inserted in N° 239 of the Appendix to the Sixth Report, which was made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in the Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Papers relative to the last Peace with the Mahrattas, or any Demand made by the Mahrattas, concerning the Cession or Restoration of any Territories now in the Possession of the Company, or its Allies, or of the Payment of any Chout (or Fourth Part of the Revenues) or of any Sum in lieu thereof, or concerning any Payment of Money, or Loan, to any of the said Mahrattas, made or paid since the lftof January 1779;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, |^r Ersline>

’[Mr. Francis:

Teller, for the Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- East India The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from posed, That there be laid before this House, Copies or AffaIrs-the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Duplicates of all Papers relative to the Demand of the in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to delivering up or abandoning to the Discretion of the theif Order, Mahrattas, any of the Allies of the Company, or. any

An Account of the Net Produce of the Land and Native Princes or Powers, or any of their Territories or

Malt Taxes, imposed in the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, Possessions, or any Persons who have acted in War 1777, 1778, 1779, 1780, 1781, 1782, and 1783, distin- with any of the English Forces, from the lft Day of -guishing each Year, and each Tax; viz. the Land Tax January 1780.

from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt Duty from And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Midsummer to Midsummer. withdrawn.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the posed, That there be laid before this House, Copies

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. or Duplicates of all Letters concerning the delivering Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said up of Ragonaut Raw, the Rajah of Bopal, or the Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Ranna of Gohud, or concerning the Terms by which the Members of the House. Futty Sing Guicawar, as also all Letters of Lfeute-

The said Account is preserved amongst the other nant Colonel Camack, or Colonel Muir, pointing out Papers of this Session. the Nature and Extent of our Connections with each

of

East India Aibiis*

Ditto.

Elections —

County

Voters.

*»ppiy-

Ways and Means.

a6 Geo. III. 3°-^6° Martii. aoi

of the Rajahs engaged with the Company, in any Act of Hostility, and the Claims which their past Services may have given them to our Protection;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the " India Company, as well in India, as in Europe," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Letters concerning the delivering up of Ragonaut Row, the Rajah of Bopal, or the Ranna of Gohud, or concerning the Terms by which Fatty Sing Guicawar, as also all Letters of Lieutenant Colonel Camack, or Colonel Muir, pointing out the Nature and Extent of our Connections with each of the Rajahs engaged with the Company, in any Act of Hostility, and the Claims which their past Services may have given them to our Protection;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 34-

Tellers for the Noes, {jgj, S„M } 76.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative to the Ranna of Gohud, not included in the Reports of the Committee of Secrecy, and to any Application from him concerning the Proceedings against the said Ranna by Scindia, the Mahratta General, together, with all the Minutes, or other Proceedings thereon, since the Year 1781.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Confutations, Instructions, and other Correspondence, relative to any Negotiation at the Court of the Great Mogul, wherever residing, concerning any Treaty with the said Mogul, or concerning any of the Ministers of the said Court, or any of the Chiefs in the Neighbourhood of or rela-

tive to any Claims or Demands from or on Behalf of the said Court, upon the East India Company, since the lit of January 1781;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 41.

Luna, 6° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii lll'a Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

MR. Hunt reported front the Committee, to whom Bodmin the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Roads.

Act, made in tire Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time,’ One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according Berwick

to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open St* John»&c- and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands inclosure’ and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint John,

in the County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Upper mon Fields, Common Downs, Common Fastures, and Wallop, Sec. other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Inclosur«-Uppet' Wallop, Hursbourn Pryors, and Tuft on, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fel~ lowes, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, according Cratfiome’s to Order, a Bill to enable George Tasburgh, Esquire, Name.

(lately called George Crathome) and His Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased:

And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occu- Severn piers of Lands, Mills, Iron Works, Founderies, Coal Navigation. Mines, Lime, and other Works, adjoining or lying near to the River Severn, in the Counties of Salop,

Stafford, and Worcester, and also, of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Barge Owners, Traders, and others, interested in the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the said River is, in several Places, much obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, by Means whereof great Delays are occasioned in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize on the said River, to the Detriment of Trade and Commerce; and that it will be of great public Utility, to improve the Navigation of the said River, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in the said County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near Digits, below Worcester, by removing the said

Shoals,

﻿tty $ 6° Martit.A. 1^8

Shoals, and erecting Locks and Wears in proper and convenient Places in the said River, so as to maintain a sufficient Depth of Water to navigate Vessels in dry Seasons; and that the several Persons (the Petitioners and others) whose Names appear in the Subscription Lift, are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to hnake anti maintain such Navigation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring m a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in CoalhrOok Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near a Place called Digits, below in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Hoafe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition bfe referred to the Considerdtion of a Committee: Artd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Pentort,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Margaret A Petition of several of the Vestryuien and Iriha-

and St. John, bitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and estnuns r. j0f}n the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act of Parliament was made for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parishes, atld the Vestrymen of the said Pdrilhes are thereby authorized to make a Rate or Assessment upon the Inhabitants, not exceeding Six Pence in the Pound of the Yearly Rent or Value of their respective Houses, Tenements, and other Buildings, for defraying the Expence of maintaining and supporting the said Watch and Beadles; and, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, another Act was made for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said City and Liberty, which directs, that the Number of Watchmen within the said Parishes Of Margaret and Saint John, having Beats, or Stands, shall be Forty or more, and the Number to patrol the Streets shall be Six at the least; and that, since the passing of the said Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, it was judged neceflhry, for the Safety and Protection of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants, that a greater Number of Watchmen than is required by the said Act should be constantly employed within the said Parishes, thb Annual Expence whereof has amounted nearly to the whole Money received from the said Rate or Assessment; and that, nottwithstanding the great Number of Watchmen employed as aforesaid, several very daring Robberies and Burglaries were, in the Year 1782, committed within the said Parishes, whereupon it was found necessary to employ an additional Number of Men as a Patrol, but the Money arising from the Rate or Assessment authorized to be made as aforesaid not being sufficient to defray the Expence thereof, a Subscription was entered into by rtiany of the said Inhabitants, whereby a sufficient Sum hath been cOllefted for defraying such Explehce; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the eftUbliffi-ing the said additional Patrol hath been the Means of . preventing matiy Bobberies and Burglaries within the said Parishes, and it is highly expedient the same should be continued, but as there is ild other Mode of railing Money to defray the Expence thereof, than by voluntary Subscription, which is not only partial and uncertain, but has of late greatly decreased, the Petitioners have reason to apprehend, that the Ibid additional Patrol canndt be continued, unless some certain PtOvision be established for raising Money to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a Ihiall additional Rate upon the Inhabitants, for decaying the Expence of supporting a proper and sufficient Patrol within the Ibid Parishes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Hoad, Mr. Fox,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the c,-vde Navl" House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made gatwD' in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth,

" at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the " County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at " or near a Place called Dalmuir Bumfoot, in the County " of Dumbarton, and allb a Collateral Cut from the same " to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable "Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and " Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal

" at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth " of Forth," the Petitioners were incorporated by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Forth " and Clyde Navigation," for making and compleating a Cut or Canal, of Seven Feet Depth of Water, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Bumfoot, with liindry Powers, and under certain Orders and Regulations, in the said Act recited, and which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended by Three subsequent Acts, passed in the Eleventh, thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of His Majesty’s Reign; and that, under the Powers given by the before-recited Acts, great Progress has been made in the said Undertaking, but the same cannot be compleated without fuller and other Powers, and the said Acts being explained, amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the before-recited Acts of the Eighth, Eleventh,

Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, with such further and other Powers and Regulations as shall be deemed reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Alexander Brown, Dean of Guild, of Glasgow the City of Glasgow, and of James James Den- Marine

niston, Junior, Alexander Oswald, William French, Sociely‘ James Sommerville, John Laurie, William Dunlop, John Douglas, John Paterson, Andrew Sym, John Riddell,

Robet't Mackay, and Henry Ritchie, for themselves as Individuals, and also as Members, Managers, and Directors of a Society in Glasgow, known by the Name of The Glasgow Marine Society, was presented

to

26 Geo. III. 6° Mat tit. 203

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Month of May 1758, a Society was instituted, under certain Regulations, for the Relief of decayed or disabled Seamen, their Widows, and Children, belonging to the Ships of the City of Glasgow, the Members whereof not only subscribed considerable Sums, but atlb obliged themselves that tlio Mailers and Mariners of their Vessels should duly pay, to the Collector of the said Society, certain Poors Rates out of their Wages, to be applied for the Pur poles of the Charity; and that, upon the 6th Day of February 1762, the said

Society was united with a Society of a similar Nature, established at GreeHOck, and, by the Articles of Union,

. the same Rates are payable from the Wages of Ship-' mailers and Seamen employed in Ships- belonging to the Port of Greenock, or Cranford's Dyke, as were chargeable by the Articles of the Glasgow Marine So- cifty, on the Wages of Sliipmasters and Seamen belonging to Glasgow, and most of the considerable

Merchants of Glasgozv, Greenock, Port Glasgow, and Crawford's Dyke, have now become Members of the Society,' and, among others, the -Petitioners; and that, in consequetlce -of the said institution, PenGons have been settled upon decayed or disabled Seamen,

' their Widows, and Children, considerable Sums have also from Time to Time been paid for their ecca-fional Relief, When thrown into Dil’tfefe or Want by Sickness 07 other Misfortunes, and very beneficial Consequences have been found to reiult from the In-stitution; and that the Advantages of the said Charity would be more general, if (be Society were constiluted a Body Corporate and Politic, under proper Regulations respecting the Choice of its Officers, and the -Management of its Funds, and if it was by Law authorized to levy, from the Owners of Ships belonging to the Ports of Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Crawfords Dyke, certain small Rates upon the Wages of their Shipmasters and Seamen, to be applied not only for the Relief, of disabled and decayed Shipmasters and Mariners, and their Widows, and Children, but also for the Purpose of clothing, fitting out, and binding Boys Apprentices to the Shipmasters of those- Ports, which would he of Benefit to the Nation in general, as being a Means of supplying His Majesty s Ships in Time of War with Seamen, properly bred up and qualified for that Service, would contribute to the Commercial Interest of the Kingdom in Time of Peace, und would assist the inward Police of the Country, in providing for the Idle, and consequently the ,111011 dangerous -Members of Society: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the present Members of the Glasgow Marine Society, and such others who shall hereafter- be admitted Members thereof, into a Body Corporate and Politic, and enabling the said Society to extend the purposes of this institution, and for authorizing it to levy certain- finall Rates from the . Owners and Freighters of Ships belonging to Grtaiock, Port Glasgow, and Crawford's Dyke, on the Wages of their Shipmasters and Seamen, to be applied for the Purposes of the said Society.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corifidetation of a Committee: And that they do examine tfip Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Thomas Dundas,' See..: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

White Sheet A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, on Behalf of Hill. himself and others, Creditors on a certain Part of the

Turn (like Road leading from Shaftesbury to Salisbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That under an Act of Parliament, passed in the Vo 1.’41.

Second Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road, from the " Turnpike Road on the Top of White Sheet Hill,

" to a Place called The Hare Warren, and from " thence to the Index Poll standing near the BlandJord Turnpike Road on the Side of Harnhum HiU,

" and also for repairing and widening the Road " from the said Index Poll, to a House. called Master " Bakers Farm House, in the County of Wilis," the said Turnpike Road was made, and divers Sums of Money, to the Amount of 1,400l. have been borrowed for that Purpose, which still remain due, and particularly the Sum of 500 /. Principal, with about . 4001, for Interest, is now due to the Petitioner Francis Eyre; and that it js necessary that the said A ft, which is lately expired, should be continued for a further Term, in order to repay the Money borrowed, and to amend and keep in Repair the Roads therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring, that the said recited Act, and all -‘ the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provilbes, Exemptions, Matters* and Things there-.

in - contained, and also the Act to be passed for that Purpose, may be in full Force and Effect, and have Continuance from and after the passing such new Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the- several Roads described in the said former Act, and- for making such additional Term subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due' and owing on the Credit of the said former Act, and all Interest due, and to grow due, for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Johnston, Sir Grey Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue and render more effectual so Alloa much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year Harbour, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships-and Vessels anchoring in tl|e Harbour of Alloa, in the County of

Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ip. the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- Lough-ble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- borough -cliauts, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whole CaMal* Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thein-ftlves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by Surveys lately taken it appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made to commence at a Bafbn above the First Lock, on the North Side of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, belonging to the Loughborough Canal Navigation, which Communicates with the Trent Naviga-titiou, to proceed from thence through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Loughborough, Woodthorpe, and Quornaon, to or near Barrow upon Soar, in the said County, there to communicate with the River Soar, or, instead thereof from the North Side of a certain Piece of Land called Bishop's Meadow, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the said County, where the said Lough-

4 F borough

h

294 6° Martii. 1786.

borough Canal now joias the River Soar, thence proceeding through or near the said Bishop's Meadow, in the said County of Leicester, and through or near the Liberties of Normanton and in the County of Nottingham, thence proceeding through or near the several Parishes, Tom Whips, or Liberties of Knighthorpe and Thorpe Acre, or one of them, together with Loughborough, Coats, Burton, IValt on, Woodthorpe, Quorndon, and Barrow, to the aforesaid Point of the River Soar, at or near aforesaid, in the said County of Leicester, from whence a Navigation may be continued by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the said River Soar, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Liberties of Ban'ow, and Quorndon aforesaid,. with Mountforrel, Roihley,- Cussington, and Syston, to the River Wreak, in or near the Lordfijips of Cussington, and Syston aforesaid from whence the said Navigation may be continued by Means of widen-, ing, deepening, and cleansing the said Rivpr Wreak, and making necefiai*y Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the Lordships- of Cussington and Syston aforesaid, together with Ratcliff, Queensborough, Rearsby, Thrussington, Brooksby, Hoby, Rotherby,' and Frisby, to the River Eye, from whence the said Navigation may be continued by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the said River Eye, and making necessary Cuts and 'Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the several Parishes, Town-lliips, or Hamlets of As Kirby, Bellars, and Eye Kettleby, to or near a certain Place called The Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County of Leicester, and from making which said Navigable Communication, the Petitioners conceive that great public Advantage may be derived, by extending and improving the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce, as well as many other local Benefits produced to several Towns and Places: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor making and maintaining a Canal Navigation as above described by them, from the Loughborough Bason to the River Soar, at or near Barrow, or for making and -maintaining a Navigation from the said North Side of Bishop's Meadow, at or near where the said Loughborough Canal now joins the said River Soar, to the said. Point of the said River Soar, at or near Barrow aforesaid, and from thence in either same to the Mouth of the River Wreak, and also the said Rivers Wreak and Eye, with sufficient Cuts and Deviations to the said Place called Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish ' of Melton Mowbray aforesaid,. or such Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Hungerford', &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shop Tax. A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of

Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Tax laid upon the Petitioners, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for. granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britai?t, is felt by them as a partial and unequal Burthen; and that the Petitioners consider the Principle of Taxation, like the Principle of Legilla-tion, as proceeding from the same Authority, to be Justice and Equity, and this Principle, when applied to Taxation, is Equality, or, io other Words, that

the whole Members of the State ought to be oblig-

O O

ed to contribute equally, according to their Circumstances, towards the Public Exigencies; and that. the Petitioners pay cheerfully the other Taxes. imposed by Law, along with their fellow Subjects, and, from the Nature of the Business, many of them are the Contributors or Collegers of a much greater Quantity of Taxes than any other Order of the State, the greater Part of Commodities, and Manufactures under Taxation necessarily passing through their Hands, and, in several Instances, the Advance for Taxes the Petitioners are obliged to make lqng be- fore Sale or Consumption, is a Species of additional.

Burthen; and that, considering these Circumstances, and upon Account of the; great Charges necessarily ‘ attending a Retail Shop Trade, there appeared to be Jess Reason for loading the Petitioners with an additional Personal Tax, than any other-Order of the-State; and that the Shop Tax is in Fa6t. a very heavy Personal additional Tax upon the Petitioners, more than-is paid by the other Subjects, and could not fail to be felt by them as an . unequal Burthen, for it is impossible to proportion it upon the Consumere, as may be done with Taxes on particular- Articles, as, in this Cafe, there are no particular Consumers to apply it to, it falls upon the Shopkeeper alone, and the Petitioners can tee no Reason why Retail Shopkeepers should be the only Members of the State tingled out to bear ah additional Personal Tax,: And therefore the Petitioners, relying upon the Justice of the House, have the most confident Hope and Expectation that they will repeal the Tax complained of.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rolle, reported from the.Committee, to whom the Great Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- Tor-rmgto* ing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of lload‘* the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in- Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County- of Devon, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made - several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report’ in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

.were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bayly, presented to the House, according to Menai Order, $ Bill for building a Timber Bridge over the Bridge, and Streights of Menai, from the County of Carnarvon to the opposite Shore, in the County of Anglesey, and for making proper Roads to the' said Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of; .

and also, the' Petition of the BaiTiffe, Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Carnarvon, which were severally presented to the House upon Friday' last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time;

axul

Do*caster Elite u.

Id. Doric's

Mitmtu

Narberth,

&c. luclosure.

26 Geo. III. 6° Mdrtii. 2p5

and that the Petitioners be then heat'd, by themselves or A . Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Stourbridge Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their laid several tition of several Persons, being Subscribers for mak- Canal. Petitions, if they think lit. ing and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, the same Time,’ in Favour of the said Bill, aguiuft the near to the City of , on Behalf of them-

laid Petitions. . selves and the other Subscribers to that Under-

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- taking, was presented to the House, and read; poled, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Selling forth, That a Petition hath been presented upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Initant to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for mak-March r ing and maintaining the said Navigable Canal from

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Question, by leaving out the Word " Fortnight," and and Representing to the House* That there are fc-inlerting the Word " Month," instead thereof. veral Shoals of Sand or Earth in the River

And the Question being put, That the Word " Fort- between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, which " night" (land Part of the Question; frequently prevent Vessels of large Burthen from

It was resolved in the Affirmative. being navigated upon that Part of the River; and

Then the main Question being put; that, when the said intended Canal shall be completed,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time it will become a great Object to the Petitioners, and upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant to the Public, that the said Shoals should be removed March. and prevented, so as that Vessels of large Burthen

may at all Times pass upon such Part of the said River A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses as lies between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, of the Borough of Doncaster, in the West Riding of which the Petitioners and the rest of the said Subscribers the County of York, was presented to the House, for making the intended Canal are willing to undertake and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, to do (in case the said Bill should pals into a Law) at their own Expence, caused the Carriage Ways without receiving any Rates or Dues on that Account: of the Streets, and other public Passages within the And therefore praying, That Provision may be made laid Borough, to be properly paved or repaired, and in the said Bill for removing and preventing all convenient Foot Ways to be laid out on the Sides Shoals which obstruct the Navigating of Vessels of thereof, and paved with broad Flag Stones, and the large Burthen in the River Severn, between the said Flag Stones of the said Foot Ways are often wilfully Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, by such Ways and or negligently damaged or destroyed, and the Peti- Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think tioners are not at present vested with proper Powers proper.

for preventing the same; and that the several Streets Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and other public Passages within the said Borough Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-are not properly cleansed, and are subject to various mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroach- appear to them, to the House: ments, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inha- And it is referred to Mr. Edward Mr.

bitants of the said Borough, and all Persons relbrting &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, thereto, if proper Powers were given for preventing at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; the breaking and injuring the said Foot Ways, and and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and if Provision was made for cleansing the said Streets, Records, and other public Passages, and for removing and

preventing all Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Ditto, and Encroachments, therein: And therefore praying, tition of several Persons having Property in the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting County of Worcester, was presented to the House, the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think informed, Application is intended to be made to the proper. House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Na-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the vigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- communicate with the River Secern at Digits, near mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall the City of; and Representing to the House,

appear to them, to the House: That, if a navigable Cut was to be made for the

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilber- Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels from

force, Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, the intended Canal, at or near Coppice, in the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Parish of Hanbury, to communicate with the Dro'itxrich and have- Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Canal at or near the Town of Droitxrich (which is only Records. the Distance of about One Mile) the same would be

of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to the several Mr. Sioper presented to the House, according to Order, other Persons having Property in that Part of the a Bill to enable the Right honourable Francis Lord Country; and, it appears, from Levels and Surveys

Ducie, and his llfue, to take the Surname of Moreton, lately taken, that such Navigable Cut may be con-

and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right veniently made: And therefore praying, That Provision honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to may be made in the said Bill for making such Navigable the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie: And the same Cut or Communication as aforesaid, by such Ways and was received; and read the First Time. Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. proper.

OrThat the said Petition be referred to the

The Lord Westcote presented to the House, according Consideration of the Committee to whom the Pe-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Parcels tition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Narberth, Tem- of several Persons, being Subscribers for making and pletbn, Molleston, and Robtstone Wat ban, in the Parifites maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge of Narberth and Robcstone Wathun, in the County of Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the City of Worcester, on Behalf of themselves and the First Time. other Subscribers to that Undertaking, is refereed:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition;

Vo l. 41. and

zp6

and report the fame, uS it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ship Owners A Petition of tlenry , John William

and Mailers. Matthews, William MCharles and

Robert Taylor, all of London, Merchants and Owners of Ships, being a Committee appointed by the Merchants and Owners of Ships in London, and the other Ports of the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King "George the Second, to settle how for Owners of Ships shall be answerable For the Acts of the Masters or Mariners; and Setting forth, That, on the Decifidn of a Cause which was lately tried in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges of that Court declared the Caw to be, that Captains and Owners of Ships and Vessels are respectively answeraMe for the full Value and Amount of all Goods and Merchandize put on Board their Ships, in case the same are loft by Robbery, Fire, or any Accident, other than by Enemies, the Perils of the Seas, or the Act of Cod, or unless the Matter, or feme of the Ship's Company, are privy to such Robbery, in which same alone the Refyonfibility of the Owners is, by the above-mentioned Act of Parliament, limited to the Value of the Ship and Freight; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners and all other Merchants and Owners of Ships, in this Kingdom, are in a most disagreeable and dangerous Situation, on Account of die Responsibility to which they are ex-poled as the Law now stands, and the Alarm which nas spread itself through the City of London, and other Ports of the Kingdom, may tend to dil'courage Merchants and others from being interested in Shipping, and occasion the Decrease of Ships and VeflTds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of Parnanaent, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act to lettie how far Owners of Ships shall be M anfoerable for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners," and that the same Relief may be given to die Owners of Ships in Cafes of Robbery, in which the Matters or Mariners are not concerned, as they now have under the said Act of Parliament where they are concerned, and that they may be discharged from all Responsibility in Cafes of Lois or Damage occasioned from Accidents by Fire, or that they maybe relieved in such Manner as by the House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Thotntonand Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and brbig in, the fame.

6° Mar

A. 1786.

Land Tax

Commissioners.

Middlesex House of Curredion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissroners for putting in Execution an Act of tins Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six And that Mr. Bose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in General Quarter Sessions afleinhled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Grand Jury for the said County did, on the 24th Day of July, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jcl’ty, present, that die House of Correction for the said County was in a ruinous State, insecure, and by no Means large enough, or l’ufficiently airy, for the Confinement of die Number of lYiloners generally therein, or capable of answering the general Purposes of a House of Correction; and that the Pe-

04

titioners have fixed upon a Piece of Ground where a proper and commodious House of Correction may be built, but the Expence of purchasing the Ground, and building such House of Correction, and making proper Accommodations thereto, will 'amount to a very large Sum of Money, which, if raised according to the Mode prescribed by the present Laws, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be a much heavier Burthen upon the Inhabitants of the said County, than if the same was to be raised. by granting Annuities for Lives, to be paid by a Rate to be made

upon the said County: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for railing such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall appear least burthensome to the Inhabitants of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mamtoaring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Joseph Iodin Mauvoir, being of- Mauvou* fered to be presented to the House; Claim*.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in September 1775, fitted out a Ship called La Grue, from Nantes, for the Coast of Africa, where Ihe arrived in November following, end continued trading for Slaves till the 15th Day of July 1776, when, at a Time of profound Peace between Great Britain and France, lhe was violently seized at Portudal (a French Factory) by The Lord Dartmouth', armed Ship, which was feut . from Fort Lewis, in the River Senegal, for that Purpose, by Matthias Macnamara, Esquire, then Lieute--nant Governor and Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Province of Senegambia; and that the Petitioner, on being informed of this Transaction, made Application to his Most Christian Majesty’s Ministers for Redrels, who transmitted an Account thereof to His Britannic Majesty’s Ministers, who protnifed to give immediate Orders to have the Matter investigated, and to satisfy the Petitioner, in case the Transaction proved to be as he had represented it; and that the Rupture, which loon after took place between Great Britain and France, prevented for a long Time any further Steps befog taken for the Relief of the Petitioner, and, in Consequence of the said Seizure, . the Petitioner has, for near Ten Years pali, futfered the greatest Distrefe, being wholly unable to answer the Debts contrafted in fitting out the said Ship: .

And therefore praying the House to take his same . into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the Hardships and Losses he has undergone shall entitle him to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons whole Names are End Florida, thereunto subscribed, befog Planters and Proprietors .'

of

‘ 1

26 Geo. III. 6 Martiu 297

of Lands in East Florida, in Behalf of themselves, and others, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Houi'e, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read, Setting forth, That, after the Peace of 1763, by which the Province of East Florida became vested in the Crown, His Majesty in Council, or by delegated Authority to the Governor of East Florida, conferred upon the Petitioners Grants of Lands in the said Province, and several others have, at different Times, made Purchases therein; and that many of the Petitioners, relying on the Validity of the said Grants and Titles, as well as upon the Protection and Encouragement of Government, held out to them by repeated public Authorities, began and persevered in the Settlement and Improvement of the said Province, and many others of the Petitioners, who received limilar Grants, had prepared to cultivate, and would have cultivated, their Lands under such Grants, bad they not been prevented by the American War, and the Irruptions of the Americans into the Province, which not only put a Stop to all new Cultivation, but destroyed a great Part of the Improvements which had been already carried into Execution; and that many of the Petitioners expended large Sums of Money in Buildings, in clearing and cultivating-Lands, and in various other Means consonant to the Purpose of Advantage to themselves, and of increasing the Power of His Majesty’s Dominions, by rendering East Florida a populous and a flourishing Province, and the Lands bad already produced Sugar, Tobacco, Cotton, Corn, Rice, Indigo, Lumber, and Naval Stores, and were capable of producing other valuable Articles of Commerce, so that the Petitioners not only entertained the most reasonable Expectation of speedy Returns for their Rilque and Expenditures, but had before them the fair Prospect of establishing considerable growing Estates ' for themselves and their Posterity; and that, during the Rebellion in North America, the Province of East Florida continued inflexible in its Loyalty to the King, and Attachment to the Laws and Constitution of the Mother Country, chearfully submitting to may heavy Losses from Invasions, and from the Measures necessarily adopted for the Defence of the Province, and no Part of the Province was subdued either by the Americans, or by the natural Enemies of Great Britain, but the Whole thereof remained entire, and in full Possession of His Majesty at the Conclusion of the War; and that, by the Articles of the late Peace, East Florida was ceded to the King of Spam, in consequence of which Ceifion the Petitioners have been obliged to relinquish all their Lands, are in a great Degree deprived of the rest of their Property in the said Province, and many of them subject to the absolute Ruin of their Fortunes: And that the Petitioners, trusting in the Strength of their Claims, founded on that Regard which the Laws of all civilized States have paid to the sacred Rights of private Property, justified by the Analogy of every same where that Property has been taken for the Purpose of public Utility, and supported by the general Policy, Justice, and Good Faith of the British Government, therefore pray the House, to permit them to substantiate their Losses, and to grant them such Compenfetion as may be adequate thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Shop Tax. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of London, and of the several other You 41.

Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of those whole Names are thereunto frt and WVftbuiy subscribed, being Persons paying to the Relief of the 0v*rCtm‘ Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Parish of Westbury is large and populous, and the Poor therein exceeding numerous, and although it confilts of many Tythings, and Two Hamlets, in each of which there is a Church or Chapel, yet, with refjiect to the Management of the Poor, it is considered as On Parish, and governed by Four Overseers only; and that the Overseers Annually chosen, being frequently People in a large Way of lluftness, generally execute the Office by interested Deputies, whereby the Money granted for the Relief of the Poor is often mifepplied, and carelessly given away to improper Objects, and the Poor Rates within the said Parish Annually increase, to the great Grievance of the Persons pacing to the Relief of the Poor, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might in a great Degree be prevented, if Power was given to appoint a fit and proper Person as an additional Overseer for the sole Purpose of looking after the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as may be thought proper and requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. E Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordnance Account stating how the Money voted by Parliament, Service, and received by the Office of Ordnance in the Year 1785, has been expended.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1786, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Theu the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

4 G Ordered,

Ordnance

Service,

East India Affairs.

298

6" Mar

A. 1786.

Ordered, That the- Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tp His Majesty.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land and Sea Service for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, compared with the Sums voted on Account of the said Years: And also,

An Account of the Ordinary Estimates of the Office of Ordnance, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. { *Jr'

’ ] M u Jolliffer

Teller, for the Noes, ( *?erl SMt>

l_ Mr Macnama

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, East India That there he laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter Afoin. from Major James Browne to Wart'en Hastings, Esquire,

Governor General of Fort William, dated from Delhi, on the 30th of December 1783; also Copies of Two

Letters from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 30th of April and 16th of June 1784;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Extract from the Court of Directors Letter to Bengal, dated the 28th of August 1782, from Paragraph 7 to Paragraph 15, both inclusive, relative to certain Military Arrangements, and the Proceedings had in Bengal thereon, as well as all Representations on the Situation and Conduct of the British Troops in the Province of Oude.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Confutations, Instructions, and other Correspondenoe, relative to any Negotiation at the Court of the Great Mogul, wherever retiding, concerning any Treaty with the said Mogul, or concerning any of the Ministers of the said Court, or any of the Chiefs in the Neighbourhood of Delhi, or relative to any Claims or Demands for, or on Behalf of, the said Court, upon the East India Company, since the first of January, 1781;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 28th Day of May 1782, of the Third and Fourth Resolutions, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which had been made from the Committees of Secrecy relating to the Affaire of the East India Company, mid which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That every Interference, as a Party, in the Domestic or National Quarrels of the Country "’Powers, and all new Engagements with them in offensive Alliance, have teen wifely and providently *forbidden by the Company, in their Commands to their " Administrations in India."

" Resolved, That every unnecessary or avoidable " Deviation from those well-advised Rules should be " followed with very severe Represension and Punishment for it, as an Instance of wilful Disobedience of " Orders, and as tending to disturb and dellroy that " State of Tranquillity and Peace with all their Neighhours, the Preservation of which has been recommended as the First Principle of Policy to the British " Governments in India."

Then the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Consultations, Instructions, and other Correspondence, relative to any Negotiation at the Court of the Great Mogul, wherever redding, concerning any Treaty with the said Mogul, or concerning any of the Ministers of the said Court, or any of the Chiefs in the Neighbourhood of Delhi, or relative to any Claims or Demands for, or on Behalf of, the said Court, upon the East India Company, since the ift of January 1781.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Ditto, posed. That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative to any Negotiation for the Surrender of the Distri&s, commonly called The Northern Circars, to die Nizam of the Decan, or of the District of Tinneoalley, to the Dutch, not already inserted in the Reports of the Committee of Secrecy;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " of the DHtri&s,

" commonly called The Northern Circars, to the Nizam " of the Decan, or.*’

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative to any Negotiation for the Surrender of the District- of Tinneoalley to the Dutch, not already inserted in the Reports of the Committee of Secrecy.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ditto. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minute of the Governor General of the 4th December 1784, and all Papers relative to any Alliance or Rupture with the Nation or Commonwealth of the Seiks;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ditto. That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correlpoudence between Warren . Esquire, Governor General of Fort William, and Lord Macartney, relative to the Assignment made by the Nabob otArcot, or to the Succession to the said Nabob;

as also. Copies of all Correspondence between the said Nabob of Arcot and Lord Macartney, or between Lord Macartney and the Court of Directors, relative to the said Assignment and Succession, or relative to the Conduct to be held to the said Nabob, and to the Rajah of Tanjore, with regard to their Revenues and Subsistence;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ditto, an Account of all Orders of the Court of Directors

relative

a6 Geo. III. 6° — -rf Martii.

a99

relative to any Suits to be instituted against any of their Servants, or any of their Banyans, or Native Agents, before the Supreme Court of Calcutta, together with the Proceedings thereon, and the Issue thereof.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways and Means.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reJoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to (it till near One of the Clock on Morning,

adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 7° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III,li Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

F2.USTAF Hederstedt took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Liverpool Mr. Gascoyne, Junior reported from the Committee, Streets, &c. to whom the Bill for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of;

for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholclbme Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the liberties of the said Town, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,' which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Plaoe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to bythe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be htgrossed.

Margate A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Playhouse. and Port of Margate, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the said Town and Port is large and populous, and continually increasing, and is moch frequented by great Numbers of the Nobility, Gentry, and others, for the Conveniency and Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and going to and from die Continent, on Account of its vicinity to the Coast of France, and the Villages round are inhabited by maiiy Gentry and others; and that a licensed Playhouse in the said Town, under proper Regulations, would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons redding in and referring to the fame, and great Benefit would result to the Shopkeepers and Yoe. 41.

other Inhabitants of the said Town and Port; and that feme of the Petitioners are possessed of proper Ground conveniently situated for erecting a Building thereon for Theatrical Exhibitions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, by Letters Patent, to license a Theatre or Playhouse within the said Town, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Preston, Mr. Mar-sham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perfotis, Papers and Records.

A Petition of John Bowman, Ar George Speirs and Buchanan, Andrexo Buchanan, James , Peter Bowman

Speirs, and William French, all Merchants in Glasgow, Ship*‘ Owners of the Ships Speirs and Bowman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, previous to the American War, and at the Period when Hostilities commended, had a Property in Virginia and Maryland to the Extent of 130,0(30/. Sterling, chiefly veiled in Debts due in the Course of an extensive Trade which tltey had carried on above Twenty-fire Years; and that, on the Return of Peace, the Petitioners, not doubting but that they should experience every Facility in the Recovery of their Debts, and not suspecting any legal Obstruction to the former Mode of carrying on Trade with Amet'ica. ordered Two Ships to be built, in the State of Maryland, for the Purpose of bringing home their Effects, and, before it was known to the Petitioners that it was the permanent System of the British Government to exclude American Vessels, considerable Progrds had been made in building the said Ships, and the Iron Work, Sails, and Rigging, had been sent from Great Britain, composing fully One Half of their Value; and that the Petitioners, being disappointed in the Recovery of their Property, had no Alternative but to accept of Freights for Great Britain, where both Vessels arrived in the Port of Glasgote almost Twelve Months ago,

and have been without Employment ever since, and the Petitioners are reduced to the extreme Hardship of having full 6,000l. Sterling of their Property locked up in the said Vessels, without foe Pofhbility of employing them either as British or American Ships, for, in consequence Of their being lolely Owned by British Subjects, they are excluded from the Privileges of American Bottoms, and, in this Situation, the Petitioners find it impoflibfe to effe€l a Safe without a very great Loss of Property, while, at the same Time, the Act of last Sessioo, for better securing the Duties oft Tobacco, precludes the Petitioners from the Pofllbility of navigating them Oh any Terms whatever, and, they are informed, that the LegWlature is only Competent to grant them Relief: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reHeVing the Petitioners, by making it lawful to procure British Registers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred <0 the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to foe Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Sir AdaniFergussen, Stc.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine’ of the Clock, ill the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Great ing and enlarging, the Powers ‘of an Act, passed in Torraigtoij

the

Coal Trade.

Imprison-meot by Courts of Conscience.

Barking

Workhouse

300 70 Martii. . 1786.

the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A ftfor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rode do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that many Frauds have been committed in the Sale of Coals by Wharf Measure in the Parishes aforesaid, and such Bill, if paised into a Law, will, in their Opinion, be productive of great Benefit and Advantage to the Consumers of Cods in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.'

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reduring the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors " committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of " Confidence in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of " Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court, and for " abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or " others on Account of such Imprisonment," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Provisions of the said Act to all Courts iustitutea for the Recovery of findl Debts: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor and the Lord Beauchamp do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and several other principal Inhabitants of the Parish of i Barking, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are, of late Years, greatly increased, and are supported at a very considerable Expence, and there is not any Workhouse belonging to the Parish for their Reception and Employment, and, if a proper Workhouse was provided within the said Parish, the Poor might be much better maintained, and at a less Expence, than they are at present; and that, many Years ago, a Free Grammar School was established within the said Parish, and Two large Buildings were erected, one for the School, and the other for a House for the Schoolmaster, and the Annual Sum of 20/. was made payable to the Schoolmaster, but no Provision being made for repairing the said Buildings, the same are become in a very ruinous Condition, and the School is of little Benefit to the Parish; and that, if Power was given to convert the Premisses whereon the said Buildings are erected, for extending the Workhouse intended to be built on other Premisses very conveniently situate and adjoining the said

School-house, which are now offered to the Petitioners ou very reasonable Terms, and also to appropriate the said Sum of 20/. per Annum towards educating the Children of those really Poor of the said Parish, whole Parents are as unwilling as nnable to give them such Education, but keep them at home in a State of Ignorance, as a Plea for receiving Relief from the Parochial Taxes, and train them in Vice, to the Destruction of their Morals, it would be of very great Advantage to the said Parish; and that there is within the Town of Barking a common Wharf, where divers heavy and bulky Commodities, such as Corn, Coals, Chalk, Lime, Timber,

Bricks, and Sand, are landed at, or embarked from, and are suffered to remain thereon for a considerable Time, to the great Injury of the said Wharf, and the Obflruftion and Annoyance of Persons making use of the fame, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if some Provision was made to oblige Persons to remove such heavy and bulky Commodities within a reasonable Time, and to regulate all *

Vessels lying at the said Wharf; and that One of the public Streets within the said Town leads to and communicates with the said Wharf, and great Numbers of Carriages heavy laden pass to and from the same along the said Street, to the great Injury thereof, and the said Wharf and Street are repaired and supported by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, at a very heavy Expence, and no Toll or Duty is authorized to be collected, either for the Use of the said Wharf, or for the Passage of Carriages along the said Street, and the Petitioners conceive, it is reasonable, that Carriages passing along the said Street, laden with Goods and Commodities which have been landed at, or are to be embarked from, the said Wharf, or at or from any Place near thereto, should for the future be subject to a finall Toll or Duty towards defraying the Expence of keeping the said Wharf and Street in Repair; and that the effecting the several Purposes aforesaid will be of great Benefit to the Petitioners and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all Persons making use of the said Wharf:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Strutt, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom Wifceach, the Bill for continuing the Term and altering and en- &e- Roads, larging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Ropers Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk, and from Walsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lords Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the We(t Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and from Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee

had

Attornies and Solicitors.

Ditto.

Ditto.

26 Geo. III.

Martii.

301

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Attornies and Solicitors of the said Courts: And also,

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Attornies and Solicitors of the said Courts: And also,

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors, practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Attornies and Solicitors of the said Courts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fees to which the Petitioners are entitled by the Course and Practice of the Courts of Justice having been fixed at a very distant Period, and continued to the present Time, are, in Consequence of an Advance in the Price of all the Necessaries of Life, become an inadequate Compensation for their Trouble, and the several Stamp Duties on the Proceedings of the Courts of Justice, and the different Instruments and Conveyances prepared by the Petitioners have greatly lessened that Compensation, by compelling them to provide large Sums of Money in Advance for those Duties, and other necessary Disbursements and Expences, for which they are not allowed any Interest or Emolument, and the late Act for imposing a Tax upon the Petitioners has also increased their former Burthens; and that the said Act does not extend to a Description of Persons who call themselves Conveyancers, who, in respect of the Liberality of their Fees and their immediate Re-imbursement of Sums expended, are better able to bear the Burthen of Taxation than the Attornies and Solicitors, who are express Ob-: je6ts of that Law, and who are, by the Course

of those Courts, frequently obliged to defray the contingent Expences of the Suits they dertake, and to wait their Determinatjefi for Re-payment; and that, for Want of>apofitive Law, restrictive of the Praftfeg' of Conveyancing, many illiterate and Unqualified Men have intruded themselves info that Branch of the Profession, to the fffeat Prejudice of the Public, by the pronqgfing of Litigation, and the Dilgrace of th^/frofession of the Law; and that the Laws fofr the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitorsyfire greatly defective, daily Experience confining that many improper Persons gain Adimffljon on the Roll; and that the Petitionere/'Bills of Fees and Disbursements are subject to Taxation, without any Limitation as to Tinfie, and are frequently taxed not only many Y/ears after they are delivered, but after they are paid, and even after the Death of the Attorney or Solicitor employed, which is productive of Hardships and Inconveniences to Attornies and Vo i. 41.

Solicitors, and their Families: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to be relieved in the several Instances before stated, or that such other Relief may be given them, under the Circumstances aforesaid, as to the House may seem meet A Petition of Thomas Beach, W , George Attornies in Rhodes, and William Windale, the Four Attornies of Lord Mayor's the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London, was Court' also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by an Act lately passed, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, ana certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, the Petitioners are charged with a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for a Retainer on every Action entered, and every Bail tiled, in the said Court, over and above all former Duties payable thereon, which Duties they are, by the said Act, restrained from charging to their Clients, and the Mayors Court being an inferior and limited Jyrifdiction, the Fees charged by the Petitioners practising therein are very finall, having never been raised; and that the Petitioners Charge for every Action is no more than Five Shillings and Four Pence, whereout they pay Duty, by former Acts of Parliament, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, and the Duty imposed by , this Act Two Shillings and Six Pence, which leaves a Profit of only Four Pence; and that the Petitioners Charge for every Common Bail is Six Shillings, whereout they pay the Clerk of the Bails (Duty included)

Three Shillings and Six Pence, and the New Duty, Two Shillings and Six Pence, so that the Petitioners receive no Profit whatsoever by the Bails; and that the Caules wherein further Proceedings are had are so very few, ip proportion to the Number of Actions and Appearances entered, and the Fees so low, that the Petitioners have no Possibility of reimbursing themselves by any subsequent Charge; and that the Petitioners are admitted Attornies in the Lord Mayor’s Court by Purchase, for large Con* siderations, and being obliged to be admitted Attornies in One of His Majesty’s Courts at Wsubject and liable to the Payment of all other Djjtfes imposed by the said A ft on Attornies and Solicitor? practising in such Courts; the Petitioners therefore jkfd themselves excessively aggrieved by the said Two'Shillings and Six Pence additional Duty on every Action and Appearance in the said Mayor’s Court^jftftheir Places greatly reduced in Value, Qwingraruongst other Causes, to an Act of Parlianj£0$f"lateiy made, to restrain Arrests under 10/.

lereas, before the passing of that Act, Arrests were made in the said Court for 40 s.and, the Petitioners apprehend, the Mayor's Court would not have been included in the said Act, if the peculiar Situation and Circumstances of the Petitioners had been known; And therefore praying.

That so much of the said Act, as respects the Duties thereby imposed on the Praftifers in the said Lord Mayor’s '

Court may be repealed, or such other Relief granted as to the House may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justice, Capital Burgesses, Stourbridge and Common Council, of the Borough of - Canal.

ster, and also, of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is, or is intended to be, made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Canal from a Part of the Stourbridge Canal, within about Two Miles

4 H of

jo2 7* Mart 17

of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, to the City of Worcester, and also, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Coalbrooke Dak, in the County of Salop, to the said City of Worcester; and that the Petitioners have received great Advantages from the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, by being supplied with every Species of Merchandize upon much more rea-f'onable Terms than before the making thereof, and that when the Improvement of the Navigation of The Severn . shall be effected, seeing that River and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal communicate together at Stour-port, in the said County of Worcester, they shall receive considerably greater Advantages therefrom; and that the Petitioners conceive, that not only themselves, but* also the Public in general, will be greatly benefited by the Improvement of the Navigation of The Severn, as, by Means thereof, and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal communicating with the same at Stourport, as aforesaid, a complete and perfe€k Communication will be made between the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and all the intermediate manufacturing and trading Towns and Places; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Improvements of the Navigation of The Secern will furnish every Advantage and Convenience to the Community, and more than can possibly be derived from the said intended Canal to Worcester, wherefore the Petitioners cannot but look upon the said intended Canal as unnecessary and useless, and what, without affording any Advantage to the Public, will unavoidably destroy a large Trad of valuable Land, and also destroy or greatly injure many Mills, Iron, and other Works, to the Detriment of Trade: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making such intended Canal may not pass into a Law, and submitting the Improvement of the Navigation of the Severn to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navijja-

o " r?

tion to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be brought in.

Dumbarton Sir Archibald Edmomto presented to the House,

Roads, fee. according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thringflone Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

Bridge Canal, whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petitions, of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whilroorth being examined, said. That by a Survey he has lately taken, he is of Opinion it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens from Thringstone Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, to commence at or near Thringstone Bridge, and to proceed from thence through or near the several ParithCs, Townships, or Hamids of Thringstone, Whitwick,

gathorpe, Belton, SheCpshead, Garrertdon, Thorpe and Loughborough, and there to cross the Loughborough Canal Navigation which communicates with the Trent Navigation.

The Witness further said, That there are a great many Coal and Lime Pits within a small Distance of the Head of the intended Canal at Thringstone Bridge, and that if the Canal is made it will be the Means of supplying Lime and Coal at a much more reasonable Rate than the present Land Carriage can afford.

Mr. William Jessop being then examined, said. That from the Termination of the Canal above described, a Navigation may be continued by Means of widening, cleansing, and deepening the River Soar, and making necessary Cuts and other Works by the Sides thereof, to or near Lady’s Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in or near the said Town of Leicester, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town of Leicester, both or either of those Places — by which Means a Communication may be made with the Loughborough Navigation, and through that into The Grand Trunk Canal, and through those Tra6is to the Ports of Hull and Liverpool.

And the Witness added, That by Means of Inch Communication, the Town and County of Leicester, and the adjacent Counties, will be supplied with Coal, Lime, and all Articles of Merchandize, at a much cheaper Rate than at present.

Mr. Whitworth being further examined, said. That Railways for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, and other Goods, to or near the several Coal Pits and Lime Works, opened or to be opened or worked in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Coleorton, Thringstone, Staunton Harold, Osgathorpe,

Breedon, and Grace Dieu, contiguous or near to Thringstone aforesaid, and the Line of the said intended Canal, may be made and completed from the said Canal Navigation.

And both the Witnesses laid, That the making the above Canal and Navigation will be very beneficial to the Town of Leicester, and the several Places through which it is intended to pass, and will also be of general public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal And Limestone to the said Canal and Navigation:

And that Mr. Hungerfot'd and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commoners Folkstone, of the Town and Port of Folkstone, in the County of Small Kent, in Common Council assembled, in the Guild- ®ebu-hall of the said Town, and of several Gentlemen, Tradesftien, and principal Inhabitants of the said Town, and also of the several Parishes of Folkstone,

Cherilon, Newington next Hythe, Saltwood, Stanford,

Poitling, Puddlmoorth, Lgfninge, Acris, Swing-

fold, and Hawkinge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'That the said Town and Port, and Parishes, are very populous, and a great Number of Persons are employed therein, many of whom Contract Small Debts, and, \although well able, yet frequently refuse to pay the fan\e, pre-' fuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence and Delay in suing for inch Debts

in

t

16 Geo. III. 7* Martii. 303

in the Courts of Law; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts was established within the (hid Town and 'Port, and Pfcrilhes, the same would tend greatly to promote industry and useful Credit therein, and would be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town and Port, and Parities, in fochr Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

a

Atherftone A Petition of Charles Edward Repingtoh, Esquire,

loclosure. Lord of the Manor of Atherslone, in the Parish of Mancetier, and County of Warwick, and of the several Proprietors of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, or Sites of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, in the Town of Atherstone aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Charles Edward Repington, as Lord of the said Manor, is seised of certain Commonable Grounds or Waste Woodlands, situate within the Township of Atherstone aforesaid, called The Out woods and Cow , and of a Waste

Plot of Land adjoining thereto, called The Clay Pitts, containing together, by Estimation, 152 Acres, of which 130 Acres, or thereabouts, is covered with Timber Trees, Spring Wood, Underwood, or Underbrufh; and that the Proprietors of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, or Sites of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, in the said Town of Atherstone, are entitled to the Pasturage or Common of Pasture in the said Out-woods, Cow Pasture, and Clay Pits, and to the Privilege of cutting Underbrulh thereon for Fuel; and that the Young Spring Wood, Underwood, and Underbrulh, growing in the said Woodlands, are damaged and checked in their Growth by the biting and browsing of the Cattle depastured therein, and, from the Ipreading and Increase of the Spring Wood, Underwood, and Underbrulh, the Quantity of the said Woodlands, now useful as Pasturage, is not more than 22 Acres; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if that Part of the said Outwoods which lies on the North-West Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Atherstone to in the said

County of Warwick, containing 72 Acres, or thereabouts, was specifically assigned and allotted unto, and absolutely vested in, the said Charles Edward Repington, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, discharged of all Right of Common, and other Right whatsoever, of the'laid Proprietors of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, and Sites of ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, in full Satisfaction of the Right of Soil, and other Right whatsoever, of the said Charles Edward Repington, in all the other Parts of the said Outwoods, and Cow Pasture, and Clay Pits; and if such Part of the said Outwoods as lies on the South-East Side of the said Turnpike Road, leading from Atherstone to and the Whole of the said Cow Pasture and Clay Pits, containing together 80 Acres, or thereabouts (after the Timber Trees, Saplings, and young Trees, shall have been taken oft by the said Charles Edward Repington, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Agents) was specifically assigned and allotted unto, and absolutely vested in, the Proprietors of the said ancient Messuages or Dwelling Houses, or Sites of ancient Vo l.41.

Messuages or Dwelling Houses, in the said Town of Atherstone, according to their respective Estates and Interests therein, to be held and enjoyed by them for ever in Common, discharged of all Right of Soil, and other Right whatsoever, of the said Charles Edward Repington therein, and in full Satisfaction of all Right of Common, and other Right whatsoever, of the said Proprietors upon that Part of the said Outwoods which lfes on the North-West Side of the said Road leading from Atherstone to ColeshUl: And therefore praying, Th^t Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the said Woodlands, called The Outivoods, and Caw Pasture, and Clay Pitts, and specifically allotting the same in Manner above stated, and for giving the Petitioners such Powers and Authorities as may be necessary for that Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BtH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger ford. Sir Robert Laicley, and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Shottery Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- Inclosure* monable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford. Sir Robert Lawley, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Land Tax a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution fin Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, loner*‘

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-fixAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Barton Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Woterfide Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening 0 0J " the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham " Hedge Comer', and several other Roads in the County " of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Brigg and Caistor, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners find Application is making to the House for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act; and alleging. That the Road leading N from a Bridge in Brigg aforesaid, called The Qm Bridge, to the Bars, called. Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, and also, the Road leading from the End of the said present Turnpike Road at Caistor aforesaid, as far as a Cottage erected at or near the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor, leading to the Town of Louth, in the said County, being about a Quarter of a Mile each, are . ruinous, narrow, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, it w'ould be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and other Persons residing near the said.

Roads, add be of public Utility: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in tire said Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees f<jr executing an Act, made in

the

Deal Small Debts,

Supply.

£eal Trade.

304 Martii. A. 178

the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, of Wtstnunster, and that Part of the Dutchy of " An Act for the repairing and widening the Road from ter adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint " Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Corner, Giles in the Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part

" and several other Roads, in the County of Lincoln, of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the " therein mentioned," and of the several Persons who County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and have -advanced Money on Credit of the Tolls arising read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Nine-by-the said Act, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty to them, to the House: of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster

adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Middlwhich Act has, by several subsequent Acts of Deal, in the County of Kent, and also of the principal the Thirty-second Year of his said late Majesty, and the

Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Sixth and Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, been continued, explained, and amended; and that the Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, Eastry, and Sholden, in Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, established by the same County, was referred; That the Committee had the said Acts, might be rendered much more useful and examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had beneficial to the Confuraers of Coals within the respective . directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Jurisdictions, and lei's oppressive and injurious to the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Petitioners, if the said Acts were explained and amended: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.bring in a Bill for amending, explaining, and making To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. more effectual, the said several Acts, and for enlarging John Sampson being examined, said, That the Town the Powers thereof, in such Manner, and under such of Deal is large and populous, and is situated on the Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Coast near to The Downs, by Means whereof a con- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the siderable Trade is carried on in the said Town, and in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa--the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great mirfe the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, shall appear to them, to the House:

Ham, and Sholden, in the said County of Kent, by And it is referred to Mr. Fox, the Lord Hood,

Reason of their near Situation to the said Town — &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at That there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have laid Town and Parishes are obliged to give Credit for Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although

well able to pay the same, presuming on the Discourage- A Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Coal Trade, rnent which their Creditors lie under, from the great Lightermen, resident within the City of London, and the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lime-they meet with in suing for such Debts. And the house Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was presented Witness added, That it w ould greatly tend to promote to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was Industry and support useful Credit in the said Town and made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Parishes, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admea-jSmall Debts within the same could be obtained. furement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Pa- Middlesex, which Act has, by another Act of the Seven-rilhes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, teenth Year of His present Majesty, been continued;

Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, and and that the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions,

Sholden, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. established by the said Acts, might be rendered much Marsham and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, more useful and beneficial to the Consumers of Coals -the fame. within the respective Jurisoiftions, and lei's oppressive

and injurious to the Petitioners, if the said Acts were Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, according to Order, re- explained and amended: And therefore praying, That ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, whom it was referred to consider 'further of die Supply explaining, and making more effectual, the said several granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Com- Acts, and for enlarging the Powers thereof, in such mittee had directed him to report to the House; which Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at think proper.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the as followeth; viz. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty- resident within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and seven thousand and Ninety-six Pounds, Seventeen that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto,

Shillings, and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex,

Eighty-six. is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of

The said Resolution being read a Segond Time, this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the to them, to the House:

House.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do make Shop Tax; A Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, and Lightermen, resident within the City and Liberty to whom it was referred to consider further of the

Petition

Gordon's Dyt

26 Geo. III. 7° Martii. 305

Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the City of don, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to he reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great " tain," (except the Duty thereby charged on any House, or other Building, or Place, the Yearly Rent or Value whereof shall be 30/. and upwards) shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty, for and upon every House, or other Building, now or hereafter to be erected, any Part of which shall, for the Time being, be used, as a Shop publicly kept open for the Purpose of carrying on any Trade, or in which shall be fold any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by Retail, or upon every Building, or Place, used as a Shop only for the Purposes before-mentioned, a Yearly Duty, according to the several and respective Rates following, over and above all other Duties now payable; that is to say, for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Five Pounos, and under Ten Pounds, the Annual Sum of Four Pence in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds, and under Fifteen Pounds, the Annual Sum of Fight Pence in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Fifteen Pounds, and under Twenty Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, and under Twenty-five Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence in the Pound of such Rent; and for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty-five Pounds, and under Thirty Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound of such Rent.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great " tain;" That they do make Provision in the said Bill,

pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Petition of Dr. Cuthbert Gordon, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, from the natural Appearance of a Vegetable Substance, plentifully produced in the Grampian Hills, in Scotland, was led to think that a Dying, or Colouring Ware, might be thence obtained, and, after many Experiments, and much Application, he had the Satisfaction of producing a Dye Ware, which answered all the Purposes Vo l.41,

to which the Foreign Dye, called Archel, had been formerly applied; and, further Trials shewed that the new Material might be, in a certain Degree, substituted for Indigo and Cochineal; and that the Proportions were soon ascertained with Precilion, the new Article saved One Third of Indigo, in striking the various Shades of Blue and Purple on Silk and Woollen, and One Fourth of Cochineal in every same where that high-priced Article was necessary, Scarlets and high Pinks excepted, and to this new-invented Dye the Petitioner gave the Appellation of Cudbear: In such Cases

it is not enough to produce an Article of Commerce,’ the Inventor has to combat not only the Prejudices which a great Number of Mankind entertain against Novelty, but, what is still more difficult, the interested Views of the Traders in those Articles, the Consumption of which is proposed to be diminished or superseded by the new Discovery; the Petitioner accordingly maintained a long Struggle of this Kind, and only succeeded at last by submitting to the extraordinary Toil of personally instructing the Dyers and Manufacturers in the Use of the Cudbear, and this done, the Petitioner, and his late Brother established a Manufactory of the Cudbear at Leith, supported by a considerable Mercantile House

in the neighbouring City of Edinburgh, but the Failure of that House, in Consequence of other Connections, brought on a Dissolution of the Partnerlbip, and' all the bad Consequences attending a sudden and unexpected Stop in an Infant Manufacture; and that the Merit, however, of the Cudbear had been by this Time so far established, that a new Company was soon afterwards formed in Glasgow", the Prejudices of the practical Dyers gave way by degrees, the new Article came into more general Use and Estimation, in Consequence of which the Importation of Archel has decreased to a Trifle, and the Importation of the Articles of Indigo and Cochineal has like w ile decreased, and will continue to decrease in the Proportions before, mentioned; the Glasgow Company have been followed by several others, and, at this Moment, the Manufacture is carried on in London, Bristol,

Leeds, and Leith: The Petitioner, however, has not escaped the Misfortune usually attendant on Inventors in the Arts; the extraordinary Expences incurred in the Manufacture and Improvement of the Cudbear, as well as the Struggle for establishing it, ccc tlioned the Contraction of considerable Debts, to discharge which he was obliged to fell out his Share in the Glasgow Company, and the Peculiarity of the Petitioner’s Situation, in being excluded from the Advantages of a Manufacture established by himself, would have been distressing, had it not been alleviated by the Hopes of new and more important Discoveries in the Art of Dying; and that the Introduction of Cudbear had already established the Dyes of Blue, Purple, and Crimson, to be used on Wool, Silk, and other Animal Substances, and the Petitioner now directed his Attention to find out Materials that might answer on the Manufactures of Cotton and Linen: His Study and Application were at lust so far rewarded, by discovering that the Vegetable Filament, by a proper Treatment, might be impressed with all the Variety of Colours, equal in Lustre, and with the same Eale and Safety to the Subject, as Woo), Silk, or other Animal Substance, and this capital Fast being established in Two or Three Instances, reallmble Grounds were given to suppose that every Individual Plant was, by a suitable Process, capable of producing one or other of the Original Colours of Light, or a Variety or Shade of that Colour, peculiar to itself, and every successive Experiment afforded an additional Proof, and determined the Petitioner to dedicate his whole Time and the Wrecks of his linall Fortune to an Investigation of the Powers of our own indigenous Plants in the Production of Colours: He selected one

41 Species

1

306 7* Martii. J.vj%6.

Gordon’* Species out of each Genus, marked by Tournefort, to Abundance in all the Mountainous Parts of Great

Dj«. the Number of Ninety, and in making this Choice it is to be hoped the Manufacturers will

be was principally directed by the Circumstance of the again be supplied at Home; the Expence of collect-

Plants being common in the Fields and Forests, or ing a Ton of British Cudbear is from 30/. to 36/. capable of eaiy Cultivation in the Climate of Great and the Price of the same Quantity upon Importation Britain, and the Investigation, after all, has gone no is at an Average 13/.; this has suggested to Govern-farther than One to Ninety, even according to Toume- ment, to lay a Duty of 25/. per Cent, ad fort: Five Books, however, have been filled up iu on the Importation, which must afford a considerable the Course of careful Experimeics, each Book con- Revenue, if the Importation be continued: It ap-sifting of 176 Specimens of beautiful and elegant Dyes pears from the Custom House Books, that Eighty-one struck upon Cotton; to exhibit the primary Colours Tons of Rockmofs, i. e. Cudbear, were imported from

by themselves, the Petitioner has displayed and ar- into the Port of London, in the Year

ranged them in a Sixth Book, which may be conli- 1781; in 1782, 111 Tons; and in 1783, 31a Tons; dered as the Summary or Substance of the preceding the Cudbear has superseded the Importation of Archel,

Five; the Specimens are attended with distinct Cata- formerly in Use to be brought from fire Canaries, at the logues of the Plants from which they were produced: Price of from 150/. to 300l. per Ton; the People for-

Having proceeded lb far, the Petitioner finds he can- merly employed as Archel-Makers, are now occupied not, in Justice to himself, or his Undertaking, go on by the manufacturipg of Cudbear, under the Title of without Aid from the Public: He has done more English Archel, or Rockmofs, and a Ton of Cudbear than enough to establish the Principles of his Disco- Weed, or Rockmofe, produces the same Quantity of veries, and to substantiate the Improvements which Dye Ware as a Ton of Archel; 504 Tons of Cudbear must necessardy be derived to the Manufacturers of being imported into London alone in Three Years, an this Kingdom; and the Petitioner, iu order to entitle equal Quantity of Archel has been saved, and the him the more to apply for Public Aid, resolved pre- Account will therefore Hand thus, 504 Tons of Ar-vioufiy to submit his recent Discoveries to the Exa- chel, at an Average of 200l. per Ton, would have mination of the Principal Merchants, Manufacturers, been 100,800l.; 504 Tofts of Cudbear, at an Average and Dyers of Leeds, Waktfidd, Halifax, Rochdale, of 13/. per Ton, 6,552/.; saved to Great Britain,

Glasgow, and JPaislei/, and he had the Satisfaction of in the Years 1781, 1782, and 1783, 94*248/. and obtaining, last Year, from all those Places, not only to this Sum may be added the Savings upon Indigo Certificates of the great Benefits arising from the Use and Cochineal, for which Archel, on Account of its of Cudbear, but also, the firongefi Recommendations inferior Strength, could not be substituted; but the tO their Representatives in Parliament, to support his Petitioner has not had an Opportunity of enquiring Claims, both for the tried Utility of that Article, into the Quantities imported at other Places besides and the great Benefits they proraised themselves from London: In Place of a Angle Colour, the Petitioner is his other Discoveries, one of which, in particular, now ready to exhibit to the Public the Whole orir they feruple not to declare, as affording a Colour ginal Colours, and all their Variety of Shades, without upon Woollens at a small Expence, far superior to the Aid of an Article from Foreign Parts; and, he bladder, and, should, therefore, the Use of Madder apprehends, that no Discovery whatever can tend so alone be superseded by the spontaneous, and at pre- much to place the Manufactures of Great Britain ber lent ufelefe Productions of this Country, the Saving yond the Powers of Riv&Hhip: It is the Petitioners must of itself be of capital Importance; for that Dying great Object to bring his last Discoveries into Practice;

Ware Holland draws feme Hundred Thousand Pounds and to fee them established during his own Lifetime, and Anuually from Great Britain: Since the above Period, he is also most desirous to extend his Enquiries, by a the Petitioner, among other Discoveries, has been proper Investigation of as many of the untried Vegetable focce&ful in producing a very beautiful and perma- Productions, as his Time will permit: And therefore pent Black, without the Aid of a Angle Atom of a praying the House to take his Cafe.into Confide ration,

Mineral Matter; a Circumstance of no small Moment and that he may have such Reward for the Discovery for the Strength and Durability of the Cloth, as well of the Cudbear, and such Aid to enable him to proas for the Permanency of the Colour, which must give fecute his other Discoveries, as to the House may 1’eem us the Advantage of the Dutch, who have hitherto proper.

outdone all other Nations in this Branch of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Woollen Manufacture, and a Specimen of this lately Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-discovered Black he is ready to exhibit in Comparison amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it with the Blacks of our own present Practice; and shall appear to them, to the House: that it is not long since, one Gentleman obtained And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, the Marquis 3,000l. from the Public, for the Discovery of a of Graham,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Yellow, and another a much larger Sum for a Colour Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers in Imitation of Scarlet, upon Cotton, and the Peti- Chamber, tioner, without meaning or wishing to detract from the Merits of those ingenious Men, appeals to the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Manufacturers of Great Britain, whether the Discovery Account of the Rate of Interest paid on the Exche-of the Cudbear alone be nqt already of more Im- quer Bills issued on Account of the Land and Malt portance to the Nation, than either or both of the Tax, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768,. 1769, and Articles last mentioned; and that, before the Year 177°*

1781, no Cudbear Weed was imported into Great Britain, the Demand being supplied from the High- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto, lands of Scotland, but so many Men were afterwards Account of the whole Interest due and paid on the taken for the Army, that Hands could not be found Exchequer Bills granted towards the Supplies of the in those Distri&s to collect it in sufficient Quantity, Year 1784» and paid out of the Aids of the Year which obliged the Glasgow Cudbear Company to fend 1785*

4 Person to inspect the Countries of Sweden and Norway, and the Weed was there found in Abundance, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an House Duty, and the Price of Labour being remarkably low, those Account of the Assessments for the Duty 00 Inhabited Countries have ever since been enabled to make it an House*, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His Article of Commerce, and, as the Weed grows in present Majesty, for the Year 1785, in Scotland.

06 Ordered,

House, fee. Duty.

Ditto*

Duties on Servants.

Expence of Convids,

Convicts*

Public Income and Expenditure.

Militia.

26 <3eo. III. 70 — 8° Martii. 307

Ordered, That there be lead, before this Hoafe, an Account of the Charges of Management of the Duties on Houses and Windows, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for One Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Assessments for the Duties on Houses and Windows, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, in Scotland, for the Year 1785.

Ordered, That there be hid before this House, an Account of the Assessments for the Duties on Male Servants, in the Year 1780, for the Divisions which are wanting in the Account hid before this House from the Office of Taxes, dated the -lfith of February 1786, and the Amount of the Total Aflbfiinents in that Year for the same Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid by His Majesty, or the Public, for or in respect of the Conviction, Confinement, Employment, and Maintenance, of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Mifoemeanors, since the lft erf January 1775, specifying the Totals of the Sums expended in each Year, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Persons convicted of any Offences, and who have been, in Consequence thereof, sent on Board the Hulks in the River Thames, or on Board any other Hulk, or Prison Ship, in any other Place, or confined in any Prison within this Kingdom, since the lft of January 1775, specifying the Offence and Time for which sech Pei-foas were feotenced to be transported or imprisoned, respectively, and which of them have been discharged, and at what Time, and on what Account, and whether Such Persons so discharged have at any Time, and when, been convicted of any, and what, subsequent Offence, or Offences.

Ordered, That the Several Accounts and other Papers, preSented to foe House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee; and that the said Committee be directed to examine and state foe feme, and abb to report to the House what may be expected to be foe Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Nine.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, prepare Lifts to be put into Glarfes, of Nine Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon foe Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glalfes at the Table by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in foe Return Book.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Twenty-fourth Day of February last, for fos House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That foe feid Order be discharged.

Vol. 41.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into foe feid Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in foe Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of foe East India " Company, and of the British Possessions in " and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused " of Offences committed in the East ," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being prb-posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

And the previous Question being put. That thdt Question be now put;

It passed in foe Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " Tender more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twentythird Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy

to pay to the Garrifoii and Naval Department at " Gibraltar the like Bounty for destroying certain " Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers " and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to " the Enemy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8® die Martii; Anno 26® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of foie Crown, to make out a new Writ for foe electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of foe Right honourable Charles Stanhope, commonly called Lord Yffcount Mahon, now Earl Stanhope, called up to foe House of Peers.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom foe Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, and Residents, within the County of Chester, and the City of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Potts being examined, said, That the public Highways leading from the City of Chester to the

South

Regulating East India Affairs.

Gibraltar

Prise*.;

Chipping

Wycombe

Writ.

Chester, Ire. Roads.

308 8° Martii. A. 1780.

South End of Wilderspool Causeway, in the County of Chester, and from Frod to Ashton Lane End, are

in many Places out of Repair, and there are several deep hollow Ways, which are narrow and incommodious, and the said Roads are in other Places very hilly and inconvenient, so that the same cannot be effectually amended and repaired by the Ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. James Calverley confirmed the above Evidence, and added, That, in order to render the said Roads more commodious, it is proposed to purchase certain Gardens, Yards, and Pieces of Ground in the several Townships of Ho Mickle Trafford, Bridge Trafjord, Frodsham, Sutton, Preston on the and

Moor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookcrsbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of 7/7 dcrspool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Salop Gaol, Sir Jliciiard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Salop, and the several Jurisdictions within the same, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Loxdale being examined, said, That His Majesty’s Gaols, and the Houses of Correction, for the said County of Salop, and the said several Juriltliciions, are very ancient Buildings, much out of Repair, and very inconvenient, and inadequate for the Purposes of Gaols and Houfts of Correction — That the same are very unsafe for the Custody of Prisoners, inibinuch that several Prisoners have lately broke out therefrom; and that the same are very unwholesome, particularly for Want of a proper l'upply of Water. — And the Witness further said, That if a new Gaol and House of Correction for the said County, and the said several Jurisdictions, was built upon a Garden, now in the Occupation of Mr. Edward Pritchard, or upon Ground near or adjacent thereto, situate within the Parish of Mary, in the said Town of Shrewsbury, and proper Avenues opened thereto, the same would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Public, and contribute to the Safety and Health of the Prisoners confined therein; and that, to carry the said Purposes into Execution, it will be necessary to make a Purchase of the said Garden Land and Ground, together with some Houses and other Buildings situate near the said Garden; and that it will be necessary to raise a considerable Sum of Money for those Purposes.

Then an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the " County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the " said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned," was read, whereby it appears, that Power was given by the said Act to raise and levy any Sum, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence in the Pound, in due Proportion to the Assessment of the Land Tax, upon every Town, Parish, o.r Place, within the said County, and also on the Town and Liberties of Ludlow, for executing the Purposes of the said Act.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That the Money so authorized to be raised by the said Act has been found inadequate for the Purpose of making the necessary Purchases, and for compleating the said Shire Hall and Guildhall, and that the said Act is in other Respects ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended. — And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the same,' and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire Hall and " Guildhall for the County of and the Town

" of Shrews bury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentionedAnd that Sir Richard

Hill and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Wisbeach, altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the *c‘

Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Train next JVisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and The Bell Inn in in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in in

the County of Norfolk; and from JValsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and Germans Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of Germans Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next IVisbeach River, lying between Ropers Fields and The Bell Inn in IVisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in JValsoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Jf’alsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of Germans Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys JVash, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. JValpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Clitheroe Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Borough or Inclosure.

Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Lister do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Gustaf Hcderstedl, w’as read Hederftedt'e a Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bastard,

Mr. Pye, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

26 GEO. III.

8° Martii.

39

T)-.tmages by Afr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom powder Mills the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Coihmonalty t Fav«r- Gf the Town of Faversha in the County of 1>uu' fend also, the ‘Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Town of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and the Neighbourhood thereof, oh Behalf of therrifselves fend others, Sufferers by the Explosion of a Part of the Royal Powder Wofks there, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

laid Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, fes it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was lead; fehd is fes followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. James Tappenden being examined, said, That in April 1781 One of the Corning Houses, and the Dufting Mill, belonging to His. Majesty's Powder Mills at Faversham, which are under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, blew up, and by the Explosion thereof all the Powder Mills and Works adjoining were materially injured, several Houses and Buildings in and near Faversham were destroyed, others damaged, and considerable Quantities of Furniture, and other Etiects, demolished or spoiled.

That immediately after the above Accident a Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Town, stating the before-mentioned Facts, was presented to the Board of Ordnance, praying, amongst other Things, that the said Board, wheQ the Damage sustained could be estimated, would be pleased to order the Expence thereof to be defrayed to the Sufferers.

John Groves, Esquire, being then examined, said. That at the Time the above-mentioned Accident happened* he was Mailer Bricklayer to the Board of Ordnance; that the Chief Engineer sent to him to make an Estimate of the Damages; that he took Two Assistants with him, both belonging to the Boardr one Surveyor of the Works, and the other a Clerk; that he viewed the Situation of the Houses that had been destroyed of injured, took their several Dimensions, and made an Estimate of the Damage done.

And he delivered in to Your Committee a Copy of the said Estimate, which is hereunto annexed. And being further examined, he said, that if the several Sums expressed in that Estimate had been laid out, the Sufferers would, in- his Opinion, have been exactly remftated in their Property, as it was before the Ac* cident happened — That the Powder Mills have been greatly extended since they have been in the Hands of Govfefnment, and the Quantity of Gunpowder made there is, as he believes. Ten Times greatef than h was before.

Mr. William Bakombe being then examined, laid, That there were Powder Mills at Faversham before his Memory; thfet several of the Sufferers by the late Accident were labouring People, working at the Mills; that no new Houses have been built near the said Mills since the Works of the said Mills have been extehded; and that there are now near Four Times as many Buildings in the Manufectofy of Gunpowder at the said Mills, as when he first remembers them.

Air. Tappenden being again examined, confirmed (he foregoing Evidence of Mr. Balcombe, and added, That it was not known how the Accident happened; that 112 Barrels of Powder were in the Building at the Time it was blown up, which is a much greater Quantity than ought to have been lodged there; and that Three Alen, who were at work in it, were killed by the said Explosion. And he further said. That since the Exten-fion of the said Works, there was not, previous to the said F.xplofion, any additional Dufting Alill ereCled, by which Means the Whole of the said increased Quantity of Powder was necessarily lodged in the said Building lo blown up‘, arid thereby the said Building was pro-Voju 41.

portiotiably become more dangerous to the Inhabitants of the said Houses than thentofore.

And being further examined, he said, That no Re-compenfe whatever being made to any of the said Sufferers, in ConsequencO of the said Report of Air. Gr&cesi Application was made by the Corporation of Faversham, as Trustees of fen Hospital for the Support of Six poor old Alen in the said Town, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Year 1782, to be paid the Amoufit of the Damage done to the said Hospital by (he find Explosion, which their Lordships ordered to be paid, arid it WaS pfeid accordingly — That the Sufferers by the said Accident made a Second Application to the Board of Ordifance, for Recompense for their Damages, fes ascertained by Mr. Groves in his said Estimate; thfet in Consequence of this Application, a Letter was received from Mr. John at that Time One of the Chief Clerks in the Ordnance Office, which Letter Was refed to Your Coriimittee, and is as follows:

Sir,

Office of Ordnance, 10th August 1781.

I have the Pleasufe to acquaint you, the Board of Ordnance have agreed to recommend to the Lords of the Treasury the making Recompense to the Sufferers at Faversham, agreeably to the Eltirriate made by their Officers.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

John Boddington.

Mr. Tappenden being further examined, said, That the Parties were afterwards informed, that the said Board Could nof grant any Relifef, and had laid the said Petition before the Lords of the Treasury; who had signified that they cotild not do any thing the rein, and since that Time nothiflg has been done:

The said Mf. Balcombe, Mr. Charles Drayson, Mr. Francis Perkins, and Mr. Thomas Bennett, Workmen employed in repairing the said Damages, produced their Bills of the Expence of the Repairs of Houses and Buildings that had been done by them on Account of the said Damages occasionfed by the said Explosion, which together amoonted to the Surii of 1,642/. 25. — \d. arid which Sum the said last mentioned Witnesses declared to be a Part of the Sum of 2,2001, and upwards, really expended by the said Sufferers in the Reparation of such Damages as aforesaid; and which Sum of 2,200l. appeared to exceed the Sum allowed by the said John Groces, according to his Estimate, to the Amount of 800l. and upwards.

An ESTIMATE of the Losses sustained by the Irihabitahts of Faversham, and its Neighbourhood, by Reafdn of the Explosion of the Powder Works at Faversham, 17th April-1781.

Owners of Houses:

£ d.

Mary Gilbert - - - 219 —

Widow Wildalh and Widow Drury - 4 5 — *-

Abraham Terry - - - 415 —

George Baker - - - 4126

Thomas Dane - - - 215 —

William Balcombe, for Three Houses at

Tanner’s Green - - - - 815 —

Charles Drayfon, an Oast - - - 415 —

Julius Shepherd, the Tons - - - 3 17 6

Corporation for the Poof Alerts Alnis-hoafes or Hospital - - 24 12 6

Joseph Alilgate - - - - 11 5 —

William Spradbrow - - - - 40 5 6

John Rigden - - - 23 15 —

4 K James

jio

8° Martii.

A. 1786.

Damage by Powder Mill at Faver-iham.

James Lawson, Esquire £. s. d. 7 15 — Widow Tidy X m A c s. di 5 —

1 Messrs. Garrett and Bax _ - 26 2 6 Widow Brown - 5 —

Mary Lushington - - - 7 10 — William Carter - 2 6

John Hall - . 21 5 — Richard Spradbrow - - - 11 1 —

Richard Spradbrow - - . - 3 Thomas Langford - a - - 5 10 —

John Vidion - 3 John Harris - - A - - — 2 6

Nicholas Hall - - . - - 3 Widow Fry - A - — 7 6

Robus Hall - - 3 Henry Howting - A A - — 10 —

Richard Cheefinan - - - 21 15 — Joseph James - 15 _

Thomas Tomkin - 11 13 — Robert Beale - - - - 1 5 —

Julius Shepherd, for the Castle Alehouse 20 17 — George Studham - - - — 5 —

Right hon. Lord Sondes - m - 27 12 — John Pledger - 10 —

Mrs. Packer . - - 5 William Pearce - - - - 5 —

John Pilcher - - - 12 John Wildish - 12 6

Henry Martin - - - 25 10 — James Eafon - - - A — 5 —

Edward Girling . - 5 John Bennett - - - 2

Jacob Read - - 4 10 — Paul Gibbs - - Jm - — 15 —

Thomas Kennett - . 1018 — Widow Gahden - - - 1 5 —

Anne Beardsley - - - 8 Tho’ Danes A - x A — 2 6

Eliz. Strouts, Widow - . - 26 10 — Tho’ Sibon, Senr - 12 6

William Chamberlain - . - 5 1 — Wihiam Hinkley - - A — 8 —

Joseph Joachim - - - 20 15 — Thomas Sibon, Junior - 2 6

William Martin - - 1 10 — Mrs. Kindness - - - — 5 —

Mrs. Smart - 1 1 — Edward Strains - - - - X - — 5 —

John Toker . 25 — William Swain - - - - A — 5 —

Mrs. Corne’s Three Houses . 2 10 — Rob* Larriman - - - - _ 5 —

Thomas Read - - . - 7 10 — Samuel Speers mm - - - _ 2 6

Mr. Kebble . - 11 — George Lyon - - - - A — 2 6

Henry M inter - - 1 1 — John Goodfellow - - - 5 MA

John Whitfield a _ - 1 l — William Colman - - - - 10

Roger Hutton - . - - — 15 — Richard Read - - - A — A. 10 —

William Trice * - . - Edward Bishop - - - - 0 AAA 6 —

Mrs. Gilbert, Four Houses - - - 2 to — John Gibbons - m - — 10 —

James Lawson, Esquire, D° - - - 5 10 — Thomas Verney - - — 2 6

William Friend - 15 — James Webb - m A — 10 —

Mrs. Gibbons - - - m — 10 — Hugh Knight A - - - — 15 —

John Downe . - - — 10 — James Weekes - - m m mm 2 2 —

John Crow - — 10 — Peregrine Ulher - 10 6

Thomas Elvy - 12 6 William Tapley - - - - . — 15 — .

William Balcombe - - - 2 David Hodges - - - 1 1 —

Gilham and Gregory - - - - 2 — — Nicholas Rayner - m A 3 A —

Charles Drayfon - - - Ji 15 — Mrs. Ward - - - A 2 5 —

Henry Cobb, Two Houses - - - 3 3 — Charles West - m - - - 1 10 —

John Jones - - - 2. 15 — John Howell - 10 —

Bartholomew Bennett - - 23 5 — John Jenkins - - . — 8 —

Mrs. Collier - - - 5 Katherine Elgar - - - - . 1 10 —

Mrs. Oliver - - - 6 Thomas Botting - - - m - — 15 —

Mr. Napleton’s Two Houses - - 21 Tilden Lade - m - - 1 5 —

Mrs. Johnson’s - m - 6 10 —

William Sutton -John Fox -

Widow Stubberfield -

John Toker -Joseph Rogers -Mrs. Sherwin’s Two Houses Thomas Hall -

George Cotton -

Simon Crefwell -

Lady Rebecca Twilden Edward Wilks, Esquire Tho* Cobb, Two Houses John Stonestreet -W" Sherwin, Esquire, and Tenants

Occupiers of Houses;

- 6 17 -

10-----

15 10 —

7-----

- 16 10 —

- 14-----

- J9-----

- 14-----

- 17-----

- 220-----

- 90-----

- 14-----

9-----

- 320 17 6

£.1,321 19 6

Tenants Loss -Landlords D°

Allowed over, for small Damages sustained by various Persons not before included -

75 19 ~ 1,321 19 6

25----

£.1,422 18 6

Stephen Walker Richard Rayner Henry Keen Widow Stransham Simon Eafon . -John Claffett -

— 2

d.

6

— 26

6 6

Surveyed and estimated, July 9 and 10, 1781, under the Direction of Lieut. Page, by

Jn° ,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk of Accounts the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended *£jjrcers at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented company' to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1784 to " the 10th of October 1785, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the

%6 Geo. III. 8° Martin 311

" the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City " London and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.’’

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Exchequer The House being informed that Mr. from the

Bills. Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Rate of Interest paid on the Exchequer Bills issued on Account of the Land and Malt Tax for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, and 1770: And also,

An Account of Interest due and paid on the Exchequer Bills granted towards the Supplies of the Year 1784, and paid out of the Aids of the Year 1785: And also,

An Account of Interest due and paid on the Exchequer Bills granted for a further Supply of the Year 1784, and paid out of the Aids of the Year 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accqunts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of tills Session.

Attornies and The House was moved, That the several Petitions of

Solicitors. the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Attornies and Solicitors of the said Courts, which were Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Attorney General, the Master of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Folkeftons, Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to Ac. Snail whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commoners Betiu. of the Town and Port of in the County of

Kent, in Common Council assembled, in the Guildhall of the said Town, and of several Gentlemen, Trades-men, and principal Inhabitants of the said Town, and also of the several Parishes of Foikstone,

Newington next Hithe, Sallwood, Stanford, Postling, Paddleszrorth, Lyminge, Elham, Suing field, and

Hawkinge, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Reynolds being examined, said; That the said Town and Parishes are very populous, and a great Vol. 41.

Number of Persons are employed therein; many of whom contract Small Debts; and although they are well able, yet frequently refuse to pay the same, preluming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence and Delay in suing for such Debts in the Courts of Law.

And the Witness added, That the Town of Foikstone is near Forty Miles from any County Court; and that if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts was established within the said Town and Parishes, it would greatly tend to promote Industry and useful Credit, and be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Foikstone, and the Parishes of Foikstone, Cherriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworlh, Acris, Suing-feld, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Honywood and Mr. Marsham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Members Public Into prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Nine Persons S?me Names, to be the Select Committee, to whom it is re- x*>en UW ferred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tills Members House do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham- fuaunon#(,> bers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made Yesterday, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Nine Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dawes,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Crickitt,

Mr. Johfies, Mr. Billingham, Mr. John Smyth: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- EledionsH ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole County House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of ' oters* Voters at County Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will,'upon Friday Morning Way* awl next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An4 then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Clink Paving, See.

Stourkridgt

Canal.

31a 9 0 Marin. 86*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Jovis, 0° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP® Regis, 1786. Prayers.

SIR Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ChurchwardenSj Overseers of the Poor, and several of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Sain the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; vis.'

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Levy, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Parish of Saint Saviour is divided into Two Districts, one called The Borough Liberty, and the other The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty — That the said first-mentioned Liberty was new paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, and cleared from Annoyances, under the Powers Of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, but the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the last mentioned Liberty, are in general ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are altb greatly annoyed by Nuisances and Obstructions.

Mr. George Gwilt, a Surveyor, being then examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence of Mr. Levy; and added, That a certain Alley or Passage, called Frying Pan JUey, leading from the High Street of the said Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour, is very narrow and incommodious.

Mr. Levy being again examined, said. It would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Clink Liberty to have the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, therein properly paved, Cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and the said Passage called Frying Pan Alley, made of a sufficent Width throughout, but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Labes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Clink, or Bishop of Winchesters Liberty, in the Parish 01 Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid; And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for making a nuvigable Canal from or near Stourbridge, in the said County, to the City of Worcester, there to communicate with the River

Severn; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Execution of the Project will be of public Utility, and promote Trade and Navigation, by opening Markets, and forming an easy and cheap Conveyance, by Wafer, of Coals and other heavy Articles of Merchandise, to distant Places: And therefore praying That the said Bill may pass into a Law*.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders} Heage, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, whole Roads.

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, from the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing, the Roads from the Turnpike Road leading from Duffield to Chesterfield, at or near Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the said County, and from Alfreton through the Town of Shirland, to join the said Turnpike Road from Duffield to Chesterfield, at or near Stretton, in the said County of Derby; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners, who are Owners and Occupiers of considerable Estates,

Coal Mines, and Lime Works, adjoining or lying near to the Line of the said intended Roads, will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themseves or their Counlei, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pase into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the Town of Alfreton, and the several Villages of Heage,

Pentridge, Shirland, Tibshelf, and Places adjacent, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The Lord Grimston reported from the Committee} to PunftabW whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road R°ad* from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford House, in the County of Hertford,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom Hederftedt’s the Bill for naturalising Gustaf Hwas com- ^at* mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the' Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the House an Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he Window was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Dutie* pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Assessments on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, in Scotland, for 1784: Andalfo,

An Account of the Charges of Management of the Duties on Houses and Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for One Year;

And also,

An Account of the Assessments on Houses and Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, in Scotland, for 1784: And also,

02 An

thilies on Servants*

Wivelif-rombe, &c* Roads.

26 Geo. III. g° Martii. 213

An Account of the Assessments for the Duties on Male Servants in the Year 1780, for the Divisions which were wanting in the Account from the Office for Taxes, dated the 18th of February 1786, and the Amount of the Total Assessments in that Year for the same Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the ' Towns of Wiveliscomhe, Milverton, and Dulverton, in the County of Somerset, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, residing near, and travelling upon, the Roads thereafter mentioned, was refeYred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Kingdon being examined, said, That the Road from WiveUscombeto a Place called in

the Parish of Radington, in the County of Somerset, and from thence by Way of Cross, in the Parish

of Sleilgate, to and through the Village of Bury, and unto the Turnpike Hoad leading from to Dul-

verton, at or near Hele Bridge, in the Parish of -brompton, in the same County, and from Dulverton unto the Turnpike Road leading from Southmolton, in the County of Devon, towards Tiverton, at or near a Place called Bish Mills, in the Parish of Bishop's Nympton, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Road from Radington Mill to a Place called Way Farm, in the Parish of Bampton, in the said County of Devon and also, the Road from Wiveto a Place called Coxburrow, in the same Parish, and from thence through Fitzhead and Nortl/ay, unto the Turnpike Road leading from Taunton to Handy Cross, in the said County of Somerset;and also, the Ro:>d from Wiveliscomhe, by Way of Ford, to Pitsford THU, in the Parish of Brampton Ralph, and from thence unto the Turnpike Hoad

leading from Hartrow to Dunster; and also, the Road from Wiveliscomhe to and over Milverton and Langford Heathfields, and unto the Turnpike Road leading from Taunton to Whitehall, in the Parish of Sampford Arundle, in the said County of Somerset, at a Place there called Homebames; and also, the Road from Coxburrow to Llapebridge, and from thence to Rock Corner, in the said Town of Milverton; and also, the Road from Fordbridge, in Milverton, by Way of Parish's Barn, unto the before-described Road leading from Wiveliscomhe, through Fitzhead and Northay, to the Turnpike Road from Taunton to Handy Cross; and also, the Road from the said Place called Rock Comer, in the Town of Milverton, unto the before-described Road leading from Wiveliscomhe to Whitehall, at or near the said Place called Langford Heathfield;and also, the Road from Parish's Barn to Pitsford Hill aforesaid; and also, the

Road from Wimeliscombe to Cruzcys's Cross, and from thence by Way of Whitefield, to Holcombe Water, in the Parish of Brumpton Ralph aforesaid; and also, from Crttwyss Cross to Wash Battle Mills, and from thence unto the Turnpike Road leading from Watchett, to the Town of Bampton, in the laid County of Devon, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and Vol. 41.

incommodious, and cannot b’e effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, will be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscomhe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto:

And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Phelips do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according West to Order, a Bill for- dividing, inclosing, and allotting I'emmrd certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Inclosure* being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to Minehead, whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put into &e. Roads. Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchett, in the County of Somerset, and of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the l olls collected by virtue of the said Act, and also of divers Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and others, residing near, and travelling upon, the Roads coin-prized in the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Francis Bastone being examined, said, That there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act the Sum of 5,8401. — which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Tenn granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Pow'ers thereof altered and enlarged.

Mr. Samuel Kingdon confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Filth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and w idening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchett, in the County of Somerset: And that Sir John Trevelyan, Mr.

Phelips, and Mr. Charles Phipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish Sandwich, of Eastry, in the County of Kent, was presented to the &c. Small House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Debts* informed, that Application is making for an Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, the Ville of Ramsgate, and other Places within the said County; and that the Petitioners are convinced such an Act would be useful within their Parish: And therefore praying, That the said Parish of Eastry may be included in the Provisions of the said intended Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

4 L of

Public Income and Expenditure.

Cocquets and

Customs

Bonds.

JKast India Papers to be printed.

314 9 Martii 6v

of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and also of the Inhabitants of the Ville of Ramsgate, and of the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the I lie of Thanet, IVaimer. Ash next Sandwich, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next

ham, Chillenden, Nonnington, otherwise

IVinsborow, Eythome, Word otherwise Worth, Sutton

next Dover, Elmeslone, Preston next Wingham, Ickhem, and Wickhambreux, in the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Nine Persons Names to be the Select Committee to whom it is referred to examine and state the several Accounts, and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future; and to report to the House upon which Nine Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

George Rose, Esquire - - - - 141

William Wilberforce, Esquire - - 141

The Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville - - - 140

Henry Addington, Esquire - - - 139

The M arquis of Graham - - - 138

The Honourable Edward James Eliot - 138

John Smyth, Esquire - 138

John Call, Eftjuire' - - - - 134

Henry Reauj'oy, Esquire - - - 131

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were presented to the House Yesterday by Mr. Cooke, from the Exchequer Bill Office, and this Day by Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Cocquets taken out at the different Custom Houses of this Kingdom, and of Bonds made to His Majesty on Goods carried Coastways for the last Year; and also, the whole Amount of the Fees thereon, specifying the several Fees taken at each respective Custom House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the following Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 2d Day of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House:

Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated on the River Ganges, 21st February 1784; and also, Abstract of various Charges disbursed by the Governor General from 13th April 1772

to ift January 1784, for the Service of the Company, not before carried to their Account; and also, Extract of General Letter to Bengal, dated 16th March 1784; and also. Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to Esquire, Chairman of the Court of Directors, dated Cheltenham, nth July 1785 — contained

in N* 3.

Lilt of Allowances from the Nabob Vizier to the Servants of the Company, Civil and Military, employed in his Excellency’s Dominions; and also, Extract of Secret Letter from Bengal, dated 16th May 1785 — contained in N° 4.

Extract of Bengal Public Confutations, 2 2d May 1780; and also, Extract of the Treaty concluded by the Governor General with Asoph ul Dowlah in the Year 1781; and also, Extract of Court’s Letter to Bengal, dated 14th February 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations,

6th October 1783, including the Letter from Muzzuffer Jung, Nabob of Furruckabad, received 16th February 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, iSth June 1785 — contained in N* 5.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Land Tax Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, CominifAn Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land fioner*‘

" Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christiun and Surnames of the fittd Commissioners be written at Length.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, shop Tax. a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great " Britian," for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elections — securing the Freedom of Eteftions of Members to serve Disabling in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers and Persons "

employed in or under the several Offices of Ordnance, u Navy, Navy Pay, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt, from

S'ring their Votes at such Elections: And that Mr.

farsham and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lord Ducie Maine.

Narberth, Src. Inclosure.

Cocker-znooth Writ.

Romford

Workhouse*

Hederftedt’s

Nat

16 Geo. III. 10* Martii. 315

Veneris, 10* die Martii;

Anno 26® Georgii in'" Regis, 1786*

Prayers.

A BILL to enable the Right honourable Francis Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord ,deceased, parfuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Slo-per, Mr. Edwards, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosrng several Parcels of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Tem-

pleton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the Parishes of Narberth and Robestone Wathan, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry, the Lord Milford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the -County of Cumbet'land, in the room of John Lawther,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Des borough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Bcnyon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Chapel Wardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Roniford, in the Liberty of Havering A tie Bower, and in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the red of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the dune was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Poor of the said Parish are of late Years, so greatly increased, that the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is too small for their Reception — and that if a commodious Workhouse was provided for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish, and proper Powers were given for regulating and employing the said Poor within the said Workhouse, they might be much better, maintained than they are at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the County of Essex: And that, Mr. Bcnyon, Mr. Bram-ston, and Mr. Bullock, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Aa ingrossed Bill for naturalizing was read the Tlrird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Grntqf Hederstedt.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces*

Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wat’s Crofe Act for enlarging the Term of Two Acts, of the Road*.

Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Worktop for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in Road‘ the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gat forth, A ns ton, Aston, Hands-rcorth, and Damall, to the North East End of in the County of York, where the same joins the Turn-

pike Road from Bawtry to Sheffi;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cromford to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in Bridge the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Roa"< repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Salvidge’*

Ad to enable Cornelius Salvidge, now called Cornelius Name.

Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton,

Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Richard'*,

Act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George &c- Nat. Christian Matthiessen; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Meyer’s Nat Act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

'v

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Debtor*

Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, was presented Petition, to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for opening,. making, widening, Liverpool and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, with- Streets, &c. in the Town of Liverpool, in the Comity Palatine of Lancaster', for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending lb much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Puflages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act

Crathome’s

Name.

Liverpool Church, &c.

Stourbridge

Canal.

Ditto.

ftitto.

316 16° Marti*. A. 1780.

of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable George Esquire, lately

called George Crathomc, and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Lwas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Citizens of the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, in the County of Stafford, to the River Severn, at Diglis, near the City of Worcester, and for the Improvement of the said River between the Cites of Worcester and; and that the

Petitioners have often, in dry Sealbns, experienced a great Want of Coals, and sometimes the Price thereof has been nearly double, and great Delays have been occasioned in the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandize between the said City of Worcester, the City of Bristol, and the Town of;

and that, if the said Bill pafies into a Law, the Petitioners are fully persuaded, they shall always have a regular and constant Supply of Coals, at a much cheaper Rate than at present, and that the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize will be facilitated: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed, that Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, almost in a direct Line from the extensive Collieries at or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the River Severn, at or near the City of Worcester; and

that, from the Locality of the Borough of to the Severn, the Petitioners are well allured they shall be much benefited if the said Bill pafies into a Law, by the great Influx and more regular Supply of Coal into the Secern Markets, which will consequently reduce its Price, by connecting the Towns of Stourbridge and Bronis-grcrce, and their Manufacturing Neighbourhood, with that River, and, by a Participation of the general Extenfi'on of Commerce which will naturally arise throughout the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Dover ani Account of the Sums of Money collected for the Rye Har* Maintenance of Dover and Rye Harbours, from the bour*‘ lit Day of January 1780 until the 31st Day of De-

cember 1784, both Years inclusive; and also, an Account of the Number of Vessels entered Inwards and Outwards, to and from the Ports of Dover and Rye, for the above Periods.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Welford

whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names 5* are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bos-worth and Great Wigston, in the County of Leicester, to Millstone Lane, in the Town of in the said

County of Leicester, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Jonathan Foster, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; and that there is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof several Sums of Money, amounting nearly to the Sum of 6,000 /. Principal Money, besides an Arrear of Interest; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and several of the Powers thereby given be varied and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, IhrousjtiHusband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Millston Lane, in the Town of Leicester: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr.

Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Mutiny and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Desertion-upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjoum-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ment* next.

A Bill

Shop Tax.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

East India Papers to be printed.

26 Geo. III.. 10* — iy°

A Gill to explained amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great " tain? for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next resolve itself into the said Committee.

Martii. 317

Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Fort i, 28th

November 1783 — contained in N* 6.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Militia, whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 13* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1786.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the following Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 2d Day of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of J trading to the East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House:

Copy of Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors, relative to their Censure on his Conduct at Benares; and also, the Answer of the Court of Directors thereto — being N° 2.

Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confuitations, 19th February 1781; and also, Extract of Narrative of the Proceedings of the Select Committee of Fort Saint George, from the 17th February 1781 to the 22d June 1781; and allb, Extract of Bengal Secret Confuitations, 29th March 1781; and also Extract of Bengal Secret Confuitations 2d April 1781; and also, Extract of Letter from Lord Macartney, K. B. to the Committee of Secrecy, dated 28th September 1781; and also, Extract of Letter from Lord Macartney to Sir Eyre Coote, dated ift September 1781; and also, Extract of Letter from General Sir Eyre Coote to Lord Macartney, dated Camp Tirrore, 2d September 1781; and also, Extract of Letter from the President and Council of Fort Saint George to the Governor General and Council, dated 8th September 1781; and also, Extract of General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated 28th August 1782, received at Fort Saint George 31st January 1783; and also, Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confuitations, 12th February 1783; and also, Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confuitations, 19th February \783; and also, Extract of Court’s Letter to Bengal, dated 12th July 1782, received in Bengal the 18th February 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confuitations, the 15th March 1783; and also, Extract of Secret Letter from Bengal, dated 20th October 1783; and also Letter from Warren Hastings, Vol. 41.

Prayers.

CAPTAIN Fanshawe reported from the Com- Plymouth mittee, to whom the Petition of the Guardians of Poor, the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition’; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared,’ by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, That the Petitioners were incorporated, and impowered to erect a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor; and, by a subsequent Act, of the Thirty-second of King George the Second, further Powers were granted for raising the Annual Sum of 1,000l. to be applied to the Purposes before mentioned: And,

Mr. Philip Longmead being examined, said, That the Money authorized to be raised by virtue of the said last mentioned Act hath been greatly deficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; in Confirmation of which he produced an Account, from whence it appeared, that the necessary Expences for maintaining the Poor from Lady Day 1784 to Lady Day 1785 has exceeded the Income upwards of 290 /.

The Witness further said, That the Trustees under the said Act have been obliged to borrow and take up at Interest, and on Annuities, the Sum of 2,150/. which hath been expended for the Use of the said Poor, which are become very numerous, and are still increasing — That, notwithstanding the most prudent and frugal Management of the Corporation, they must inevitably go to Decay, unless some further Provision be made to enable them to discharge their present Debts, and to impower them to raise a larger Annual Sum, more effectually to support and maintain ,the said Poor for the future.

And he added. That it will be proper to extend the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-second Year of the present King, which intlifts a Penalty on Parish Officers, passing Persons from One Parish to another, without any legal Order of Removal, to the Town of 4 M Plymouth,

Tenterden

Hoad.

Folkstonf, Ac. Small Debts.

Deal Small Debts.

Liverpool Church, &c,

13* Martii. A. \ 786.

Plymouth, or any other Parish or Place, the Poor of which may be under the Care of the Corporation of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Afits, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And that Captain Fanshawe and Captain Macbrid do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Wivelif-Order, a Bill for amending and widening several Roads 4c‘

leading from and through the Town of in 00 ‘

the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Minehead, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and *c- Roads-enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchett, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Roa 1 in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Great, at«l to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Heath, and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to , in

the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkstone, and the Parishes of Folkstone, Cherriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, North-bourne, Great Mongeham, Little Tilman-

stone, Betshanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Stourbridge Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and the Neigh- ^atwl-bour hood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill will be brought into Parliament for making a Canal, from a Part of the Stourbridge Canal, within about Two Miles of the Staff ordshire and Worcestershire Canal, to the City of Worcester, and also, that a Bill will be brought in for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Coalbrooh Dale, in the County of Salop, to the said City of Worcester; and that the Petitioners apprehend, beyond a Doubt, that the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn, seeing the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal joins the same at Stourport, in the said County of Worcester, will be exceedingly beneficial to the Public, as a certain and easy Communication will be thereby made between the principal Sea Ports and Trading Towns of the Kingdom, and, amongst many other Advantages, the Freight of Goods will thereby necessarily be reduced; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Improvement of the Navigation of the Severn will afford every Advantage to the Public, and more than the said intended Canal, if made, can afford, wherefore the Petitioners cannot but consider the said intended Canal as unnecessary and useless: And therefore praying, that the Bill for making the said intended Canal may not pals into a Law’, and submitting the Improvement of the Navigation of the Severn to the Consideration of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Iron and other Works and Manufactories, Lands, and Estates, lying between Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the City of Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application is making to the House for a Bill to make a new Canal Navigation, from and out of the Stourbridge Canal, to communicate with the River Severn at Diglis, near the City of Worcester; and that, below the line of the said intended Canal, there are a great Number of Forges, Iron Works, Corn, Needle, Paper, Cotton, and other Mills and Works, at which are carried on very extensive Trades, and many large Sums of Money have been expended in planting and establishing such Works and Manufactories, and not only the greatest Part of the Property of many of the Petitioners has been risqued therein, but the very Support and Maintenance of a large Body of industrious Manufacturers and Labourers depend on such Works; and that there are also large Tracts of Landed Property, below the Line of such intended Canal, naturally sandy or barren Soil, but which, at much Labour and Expence, have been improved, and are now converted

Stourbridge

Canal.

Salop Gaol,

Ac.

26 Geo. III. 13° Martii.

3x9

into valuable Meadow and Pftfiure Ground, by Means, of floating and turning thereon the Wetei*, Streams, and Land Floods, flowing from the Hills above the Line of the find intended Canal; and that the present Supply of Water, even in wet Seasons, is barely fuflicieot for the necessary Uses of the ibid Forges, Mills, Works, and Lands, and, in case the said intended Caned should take Place, the same rauft unavoidably intercept great Part of the Land Floods,.Springs, and Waters, which are the main Source and Support of the Brooks and Streams running to and supplying the said Forges, Mills, Lands, and Works with Water, which will very much injure, if not entirely render ufelefe, such Forges, Mills, and Works, and thereby ruin and destroy the many beneficial Trades and Manufactories dependent thereon, as well as greatly reduce in Value the Landed Property; and that there has been already completed, at a large Expence, a much nearer Canal Conveyance and Communication, from and out of the said Stourbridge Canal to the River Severn, than that proposed by the intended Bill, which is fully sufficient to answer all the Purposes of Water Carriage to the Severn; and that no public Meeting hath been called to consider of the Expediency of making such new Canal, and, the Petitioners conceive, that the same is projected to answer the private Views of Individuals, and that no public Advantage can possibly arise therefrom, adequate to the Injury which the Manufactories and Trade, as well as the Landed Property in the Neighbourhood, will sustain from cutting such Canal, and supplying it with Water: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pal's into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of Wolverhampto in the County of Stafford, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received great Advantages from the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, by a more easy and expeditious Conveyance of Merchandize ia general, to and from all the capital Sea Ports and inland Navigations in this Kingdom, and upon more reasonable Terms than before the making thereof; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is, or is intended to be, brought into Parliament, for making a Canal from the Stourbridge Canal (about Two Miles from th 0 Staff and Worcestershire Navigation) to a Place called Digits Meadow, below Worcester, and, that a Bill is also intended to be brought in for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn; and that such Improvement of the Severn will so greatly enlarge the Advantages the Community now receive from the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Navigation, as to render the intended Worcester Canal totally unnecessary and useless: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making such intended Canal may not pass into a Law, and recommending the Improvement of the Severn Navigation to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Tune; and the second-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said second-mentioned Petition.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Vo l.41.

Correction for the County of Salop,- and the several, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Libe:ties, Franchises, and Places within the same, and for explaining and amending an Act, made, in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire,

" Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop, and the,

" Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the " other Purposes therein mentioned:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Barton whom the Petition of the several Trustees for executing Waterside an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s. oose °* Reign, intituled, "An Act for the repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside House to Rise-t( ham Hedge Comer, and several other Roads, in the " County of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, whose Names are. thereunto lubscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Barton " Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Comer, and several " other Roads in the Ccfunty of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Briggand Caistor, in the said County, whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as ref[>efts the said first-mentioned Petition, but not with respect to the said iecond-mentioned Petition, the Trustees not having determined to apply to Parliament for Power to include, in the proposed Bill, the Roads in such second-mentioned Petition described, and which are only about Seven hundred Yards in Length, till after the Time limited for giving Notices by the said Standing Orders was expired; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Turner being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads comprised in the said Act, in doing which the Tolls, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, have been duly expended; that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers altered, amended, and enlarged.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, the said Mr. Turner being further examined, said. That certain small Pieces of Road, leading from a Bridge in Brigg aforesaid, called The Old Bridge, through the Town of Brigg, and also Two Streets in Brigg aforesaid, called Wrmcby Street and Bigby Street, branching to the Turnpike Bars erected at the End of each of the said Streets, by virtue of the above recited Act, and also from the ending of the said present Turnpike Road at Caistor, through the said Town of Caistor, as far as a Cottage erected at or near the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor, leading to the Town of Lcwth, in the said County, are greatly out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious; that the said Pieces of Road are, together, about 700 Yards in length; that they cannot he amended, widened, and kept in Repair,

by

320 13° Mar tit. . 1786.

by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Brigg and Caistor, if the said Pieces of Road were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act, by which Means a complete Communication would be opened with different Parts of the adjoining Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Comer, "and several other Roads, in the County of Lincoln, " therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said Town of Caistor: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Harrison do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom

Road* Petto°n of the several Trustees for carrying into

Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, " at or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to " Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The " Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of " Lincoln,", and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Babb being examined, said, That a considerable Progress had been made in carrying the said Act into Execution; that a large Sum of Money had been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and still remains charged thereon; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, the Proportion of Statute Work required by the said Act to be done in the several Parishes through which the said Road goes, is insufficient to enable the Trustees to repair the fame; that in most of those Parishes there is but little Road to be amended besides the said Turnpike; and that it is requisite that Provision should be made for enabling the Trustees to call for more Days of Statute Work to be employed on the Road under their Care.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called " The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and " from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the Parish " of Irby, in the County of Lincoln:" And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Long, and Sir John Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hawkers and A Petition of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars Pedlars. trading from Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland,

was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain Parts of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers,

Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade: And praying the House to take the peculiar Hardships of their same into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioners such Protection and Relief as, to the House shall leem meet; and that they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom Oddington the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Pafilh of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands, of the Annual Value of 90/. who had not signed the Bill, but made no objection to the* Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Lands, of the Annual Value of 5/. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Annual Value of the Open Fields intended to be inclosed by the Bill amounts to 785 /.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

A Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Dumbarton County of Dumbarton, was read a Second Time. Roads, Sec.

Resobed, That the Bill be committed to Captain Elphinstone, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Welford Order, a Bill ior enlarging the Term and Powers of an Bridge Road. Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Loughbo-whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the rough Canal, humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

26 Geo. III. 130Martih %2l

To prove the Allegations of the Laid Petition, Mr.

William Jessop being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken under his Directions, a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vesselsmay be made, according to the Plan, and for the Sums of Money respectively stated in the Papers annexed to the Petition, to commence at a Bason above the First Lock, on the North Side of Loughborough Canal Navigation, which communicates with The Trent, and to proceed from thence through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Loughborough, Woodthorpe, and , to or near

Barroio upon Soar, in the said County, there to communicate with the River Soar, or instead thereof, from ihe North Side of a certain Piece of Land called Bishop's Meadow, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the said County, where the said Loughborough Canal now joins the River Soar, thence proceeding through or hear the said Bishop's Meadow, in the said County of Leicester, and through or near the Liberties of and

Stanton, in the County of Nottingham, thence proceeding through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Liberties of Knighihorpe and Thorpe Acre, or One of them, together with Loughborough, Coots, Burton,

ton, Woodthorpe, Quorndon, and Barroio, to the aforesaid Point of the River Soar, at or near Barrow aforesaid; from whence a Navigation may.be continued* by Means of widening, deepening, and -cleansing the said River Soar, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the several Parishes* Townships, or Liberties of Barrow and Quorndon foresaid, with Mountson’ell, Cussington,

and Sysion, to the River IVreak, in or near the Lordships of Cussington and Syston, from whence the said Navigation may be continued, by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the said River JVreak, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Side thereof, through or near the said Lordships, together with Ratcliffe, Queenborough, Rearsby, Thrussington, Brooksby, Hoby, Rotherby, and Risby, to the River Eye; from whence the said Navigation may be combined by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the said River Eye, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Asjot'd by Kirby, Bellars, Sysonby, and Eye Kettleby, to or near The Mill-close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County of Leicester.

And the Witness further said, That the making the above Navigable Communication will not only be very beneficial to the Towns and Places through which the Navigation is intended to be made, but to a very extensive neighbouring Country bordering upon and beyond the fame, particularly by joining the Loughborough Canal, it will communicate with the River Trent and all its Branches, and the Canals which at various Places fell into the said River — And, he added, that Coals, and all Sorts of Merchandize, will be furnished at a much more moderate Expence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

&c.1 Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the Town of Alfreton, and the several Villages of Shirland, Tibshelf, and Places adjacent, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Vol. 41.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Outram being examined, said, That the Roads leading from the Town of Alfrelon to the several Villages of Tibshelf, Shirland, and Pentridge, are for the greatest

Part circuitous, narrow, and ruinous, consist principally of Bridle Lanes, and cannot be amended by the Laws in being — That a proper and convenient Communication with the Places above-mentioned and the neighbouring Parts of the Country, as likewise a nearer Communication from Alfrelon td Derby and are much

wanted.

Being fhrtbef examined, the Witness find. That if a Road was made froth the Turnpike Road leading tVom Duffield to Chesterfeld, at Heage aforesaid, to the Lane leading to Pentridge, and the Road from thence through Pentridge to the Limekiln, in the Lane between Pentridge and Alfrelon, was properly repaired and widened, and if a Road was made from the said Limekiln to and over 'Alfrelon Common, and the Road from thence through Alf relon to a Yard belonging to Nuttall, was projierly repaired and widened, and a Branch was made from the said Road near Shirland Lodge to Captain Lane, and that Lane was properly repaired and widened to certain Lands in the Possession of Isaac Spencer Page, and if a Road was made from thence to Shirland Park Lane, and the Highway from thence through Shirland, over Ain Moor, to certain Grounds in the Possession of John Cupit and Richard Thorpe, was repaired and widened, and a Road made from thence to the said Turnpike Road, leading from Duffield to Chesterfield, at or near the Sign of The Bear, upon Stretton Hill Side, the same would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the said Town of Alfreton, and the above-named Villages, and the neighbouring Parts of the Country, and would open a Communication with the different Parts of the County of Derby, and the adjoining County of Nottingham, and would be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pawn-thereunto . subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and broker9‘ others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and

Westminster.,was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, of " attempt to attain, Possession of Goods, or Money, by " by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption " of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in " Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants,

" and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners conceive the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty might be rendered of moregeneralUfe and Advantage to the Public, if some of the Powers and Provisions therein contained were explained,

4 N amended.

by

Goo;

Sandwich, Ac. Small Debts.

Attornies and

Solicitors.

22 130 Martii. A. 1786.

amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and also, of the Inhabitants of the Vill of Ramsgate, and of the Parities of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, mer. Ash next Sandwich, Win Staple, Goodncstone next Wingham, Chillenden, N

otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, otherwise Worth,

Sutton next Dover, Elmestone, Preston nett Wingham, Ickham, and JVickhambreux, in the said County; and

also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Eastry, in the County of Kent, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. William Philpott being examined, said, That the said

Town and Port of Sandwich is large and populous, and a Place of great Trade — that a considerable Trade is also carried on in the several Parishes and Places mentioned in the said Two Petitions, by Reason of their Contiguity to the said Town and Port of Sandwich.

That there are many Persons to whom the Traders within the said Town and Port, and the Parishes mentioned in the said Petitions, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, which they frequently refuse to pay, not from Inability, but presuming on the Discouragements which their Creditors lie under in suing for such Debts, on Account of the Delays and Expences attending such Suits — that it would therefore tend greatly to promote Industry and support ufefol Credit in the said Port and Town, Vill, and Parishes, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same were established, under the San&ion and Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Waimer, Ash, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone, Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesb otherwise Wins-

boreno, Eythorne, JVord otherwise JVorth, Elmestone, Preston, Ickham, and JVickhambreux, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Brett, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Charles Robinson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Attornies of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and of the Court of the King’s Palace of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for granting to His Majel'ty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered and filed of Record as therein mentioned, imposing a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence upon Warrants or Authorities to foe or defend in all 08

Actions indiscriminately, as well in all inferior as in the

superior Courts of Record in this Kingdom, where the Debt or Damages amount to Forty Shillings and upwards; and that in the Court of His Majesty’s Palace of Westminster the Duties at present imposed upon Writs by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament amount to Five Shillings, including the said Duty on Warrants or Authorities where the Debt and Damages amounts to 5/. only, and the Duties upon Writs in the superior Courts at Westminster, where the Debt or Damages may amount to 10,000l. or upwards, do not exceed the said Sum of Five Shillings, including the said Duty on the said Warrants or Authorities; and that it was the Intention of the Legislature to impofo the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence on the said Warrants or Authorities on the Profits of die Attorney prosecuting or defending such Suit, but the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, contrary to the Intention of the Legifla-ture, is, of Necessity, paid by the Clients prosecuting or defending such Suits; and that the Profits arising to the Attornies of this inferior Court, where the Cause goes to Trial, and is finally concluded, are very trifling, and it is impra6ticable that the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence on the said Warrants or Authorities should be paid by the Attorney personally out of the Profits arising from suing out such Writs, because the Profit of suing out such Writ amounts to no more than One Shilling and Four Pence, whereas if the said Attornies were to pay the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence imposed on Warrants or Authorities as aforesaid, in such same the Attorney must inevitably be One Shilling and Two Pence out of Pocket upon every such Writ; and that no Proceedings are had on Nineteen out of Twenty Writs sued out in the said Court of the King’s Palace of Westminster, but are generally settled upon the mere issuing of the Procefe, and the said additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence on Warrants or Authorities falls particularly heavy upon the Suitors of inferior Courts, who are in general of the lower Class of People, and are, from their Circumstances, unable to apply for Relief to any of the superior Courts of Justice; and that if it was the Intention of the Legislature to impose the Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence on Warrants or Authorities in inferior Courts, under the Idea of increasing the Revenue, it is submitted, that the same was founded in Mistake, inasmuch as it would appear, were the Petitioners permitted to give Evidence at the Bar of the House, that the Imposition of the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence has considerably decreased the Revenue arising from the said Writs, and other Proceedings in the said Court; and therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and administer such Relief as to them shall seem meet, and that this Petition may be referred to the Committee to whom the other Petitions on the same Subject are referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, from the Select Committee, Seaford who were appointed.to try and determine the Merits Election. of the Petition of Sir Godfrey JVebster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Elefitors of the Port and Town of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, and also, the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting, James Woolgar, and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said

Town

26 Geo. III. 13° Marhk 23

Town and Port, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and Port of Seaford, in die County of Sussex:

And also, that the said Select Committee have de-, termined.

That Sir John Henderson, Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Thomas Alves, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town and Port of Seaford

And also, that the said Sele& Committee have determined.

That Henry Flood, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the last Election of Barons, to serve in this present Parliament, for the- said Town and Port of Seaford, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

SeafcrdWriu Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of Two Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, the last Election for Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port having been determined to be void.

Shop Tax. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, foe the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act -for granting " to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain,"for repealing several of the Duties granted

by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the'lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mutiny and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Det'enion. to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 41.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Hugbson, from Expence of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Convicts. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money paid by His Majesty, or the Public, for or in respect of the Conviction, Confinement, Employment, and Maintenance of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Misdemeanors, fined the rlt of January 1775, speqifying the Totals of the Sums expended in each Year, as far as the same Gan be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perafed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcocle, front Scotland — the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Produce of the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Taxe*‘ to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Nett Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1784 to Christmas 1784, and from Michaelmas 1785 to Christmas 1785: And also,

An Account of the Nett Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th Day of January 1784, to the 5th Day of January 1785, and from the 5th Day of January 1783 to the 5th Day of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, to whom it is referred to examine and Itate the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public 'Income and Expenditure; and to report to the House what may be Cxpected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in fiiture.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Powell, frqpi the Customi. Commissioners of the Cqstoms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payment, and Nett. Produce of the Revenue of Customs in England, for Two Years, to 5th January 1786, and the Payments . into the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on all Coals exported Coastwise, within the Kingdom of England, specifying the Sums raised at each Port, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1786, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Meiribers of the House.

The said Estimate and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Piper* relating to

E. India Affaire.

CaD of the House.

324

130 Martii. A. 1786.

The House being informed that Mi1; Morion, from the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called

in; and> at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Proceedings, &c. relative to the Charges made by Mr. Hastings against Mr. Middleton, late Resident at the Court of Oude, and against the Assistant Resident, Mr. Johnson, also relative to the State and Condition of the Country of Oude, and its Dependencies, and of the reigning Family thereof (in Two Volumes): And also,

N° 2. Copy of Proceeding? and Correspondence relative to the State and Condition of the Country of Oude, and its Dependencies, and of the reigning Family thereof, including the Charges made by Mr. Hastings against Mr. Bristow, late Resident at the Court of the Nabob Vizier; also Correspondence, &c. relative to Almass AHKhi&n, the Proceedings relative to Mr. Hast-

ing's last Deputation to Lucknow, and the Correspondence of Major Palmer, together with his Instructions (in Seven Volumes): And also,

N° 3. Copy of Correspondence, &c. relative to the State and Alterations in the Government and Admi-pistration of the Landed Revenues of the Province of Benares, since the Settlement with Rajah (in Two Volumes); And also,

N° 4. Copy of Consultations and Correspondence relative to Mr. AurioTs Agency for supplying Rice, &c. to the other Presidencies: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Proceedings, &c. relative to the Prize Money, not contained in the Reports of the Select Committee: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Proceedings of the Govenior General and Council on the Orders of the Court of Directors relative to the Begums of Oude: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from the Baboo Begum to Mr. Hastings, received in Calcutta, 22d 1775,

shewing the Number of Women the Begums of Oude are under the Necessity of maintaining: And also,

N° 8. Copy of Correspondence relative to the pro-

Sfed Surrender of the District of to the

uteh, not inserted in the Reports of the Committee of Secrecy: And also,

N° 9. Copy of Correspondence, &c. relative to the Wife and Mother of Cheyt Sing, and the taking of the Fort of Bejygur: And also,

N° 10. Copy of Proceedings and Correspondence relative to the Mahomedan Seminary established at Calcutta :And also,

N° 11. Copy of Minutes of Council and Correspondence between the Governor General and Council, and the Resident at the Durbar, from the 27th of May 1782: And also,

N° 12. Copy of Proceedings and Correspondence relative to the Ranah of Gohud, since the Year 1781. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other' Papers of this Session.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 4th Day of April, next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 4th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for (he House to Gibraltar resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Prizes, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

" an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing " the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and " Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty for " destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed " to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s " Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War " belonging to the Enemy

Resoboed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ete&ion* — 1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections;

Resolved, That This House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mtuns* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Militia, whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. /

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

fofed. That this House be called over upon this Day ortnight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " this Day Fortnight, and inserting the Words, " Tomorrow Three " Weeks, the 4th Day of Ap next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " this " Day Fortnight," stand Part of the Question;

It paded in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bristol

Election*

Members

summoned*

Bristol

Election#

Members

summoned.

26 Geo. III. 15

Marti*, 14* die Matiii;

Anno a6* Georgii III1* Regis, 1786. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of George Esquire; and

also, the Petition of the Persons whole Names are there* unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being leenl Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr, Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And be went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and fifty* five Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order fill Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MercurU, 15° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii liru Regis, 1786. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of George DauSem/, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And bang returned)

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-one Members only being found to be present, Mr.> Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker,' till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 41.

16° Martii. 335

Jovis, 16* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Bristol

the Petition of George Dau Esquire; and Election, also, the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Member* to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require summoned* the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Eleven Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Macnamara, Esquire, being drawn, be was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by. the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Name of George Selwyn, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused horn serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of William Hussey, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his tyeing Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly,

Ana the Name of Sir George Howard being drawn, he required to be exqufed from serving on the said Sele& Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he. was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, w ho were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Ten, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; ’ Two, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; Twenty-two,

4 O on

Plymouth

Poor.

Westbury

Overseer.

326 i6* Marlii.' ! A. 17

on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member named Sir Miller, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lilts of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Captain Fanshawe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bilt to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth) in the County of Devon, and for setting the roor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of , and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Xime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being West within the Parish of West Paward, in the County of Petard

Somerset, was read a Second Time. Inclosure.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Phelips,

Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Pletitkm df several of the Trustees for an Act, Chatteris passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Ferry for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech 'Saint' Peters, and other Places in the said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe. By the Votes, that Leatfe is given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that an Act was pasted in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and the Petitioners conceive it to be essentially necessary that the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, with Amendments and Alterations thereto, should be continued along with the Ibid.first-mentiorted Act: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that 'they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dazves, Mr. Yorke, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Estwick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of those whole Names are thereunto set and subscribed, being Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined! the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to Ihem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T^ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; wt.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Hughes being examined, laid, That the Parish of West~ bury is large and populous, and the Poor therein are exceeding numerous, there being a considerable Cloth Manufactory carried on there — That although the Parish conliftg of many Tythings, and Two Hamlets, in each of which there is a Church or phapel, yet with respect to the Management of the Poor it is considered as One Parish, and governed by Four Overseers only; and that the Overseers, Annually chosen, being frequently People m a large Way of Bulinets, generally execute the Office by Deputies, by which Means the Money granted for toe Relief of the Poor is often mifepplied, and carelessly given away to improper Objqfts, and the Poor Rates within the said Parish Annually iricrease, to the great Grievance of Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor.

And the Witaefc further feid, That if Power was granted for appointing a tit and proper Person as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of Hooking after the Poor, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Parish, by not only diminishing the Rates, but also by affording a more effectual Relief for the Poor.

Ordered, That' Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Appointment of an additional Oveneer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Estwick and Mr. Madocks do prepare and bring in, the same.

A Iftll for dividing, inclosip$ and allotting, certain

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Severn thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the City Navigation, of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the Gaunt/ of Salop, so the deep Water, at of near Dtgbs, below Worcester j and that the River Severn hath always been, a free River, and the Inhabitants of Gloucester, and bf all other Places bordering upon the said River, have hitherto enjoyed every Advantage therefrom they eonld Wilh for; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Promoters' of the said BUI intend to erect Locks and Wears upon the said River, whereby the Tonnage of Coils and other Goods must be considerably increased, and tke Salmon, $bad, and other Fisheries, very materially injured, without a Possibility of the Petitioners, or the Public at large, ever receiving from the pretended Improvement any Advantage to counterbalance so great a Loss; and that, if the said Bill - Humid p«fs into a Law, no pofible Utility can be derived from it, but every Disadvantage to toe feid City, and all other Places upon: the1 River, and the- feme will tend only to enrich a tew private Speculators, to the great Injury of the Public at large: And therefore praying, That the said BUI may not path into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

'Dtofe.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Stourbridge and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Stroud, and its Canal, Vicinity, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a navigable Canal from or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to a certain Part of the River Severn, at or near the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the very great

Demand for Coal in the County of Gloucester, as well

for

Stourbridge

Canal.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Dunstable

Road.

26 Geo. III. i 6° Mart327

for the Cloathing Trade as the general Consumption, is very inadequately and precariously supptied, on Account of the several Obstructions in the Navigation of the Severn Above Worcester, and this Grievance points oat the Expediency of adopting the ' intended -Canal to Worcester, as offering to the Petitioners a constant Supply of that necessary Article, and on more reasonable Terms than they have hitherto experienced: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in Common Council convened, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth. That the said Canal will be particularly beneficial to foe City of Worcester, by reducing the Price of Coals, and the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize from Birmingham and other Parts of foe Kingdom, and the fold City, and the Public in general will derive many other Advantages from the same: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of foe Town and Neighbourhood of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was also presented to foe House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth. That, by means of the said intended Canal, the Manufactures of Iron and Glafa, carried on in foe Neighbourhood of Dudley, as well as the Trade of the said Town, will be greatly benefited, and the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize to and from the same, and the Port of Bristol, as well as the Cities of Worcester, Gloucester, and other Places lying upon and near to foe Rivers Secern and Avon, will be rendered more regular, safe, cheap, and expeditious, and the immense Mines of Coal, lronftone, Lime, and Fire Clay, near to the said Town of Dudley, will partake of the like Advantages, and the same will be, in other Respects, of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill, and that the same may pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, under their Common Seal, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the making such Canal will be of great public Utility, and, in case the same shall be carried into Effect, it will be proper that feme Alteration should be made in the Rates to be collected for Vessels navigated upon the said Stourbridge Canal, and passing into and from the said intended Canal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill triay pass into a Law, and that such Provision may be made therein for altering and regulating the Rates or Dues for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels navigated upon the Stourbridge Canal, as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions Were feveratty ordered to lie upon the Table until the BiR far making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the bridge Canal Navigation to foe River Sevetn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Kll for more effectually repairing foe Road from The Black Bull Im in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning ont of the said Road up to Stafford House, in foe County of was read the Third Time.

Resoboed, That die Bill do pass: And that foe Title be, An ACfc for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning ont of the said Road up to Shqfford House, in the County of Hertford.

Vo I. 41,

Ordered, That foe Lord Grrmstan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom Godfton. the Petition of foe Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Road* subscribed, on Behalf of foemselves and other Trustees appointed for putting in Execution Two several Acts, the One made in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, and foe other in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing foe Road from Godstone, in foe County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grmstead,

in the County of Sussex, was referred; That foe Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of foe 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of foe laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to foe House; and he read foe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at foe Clerk’s Table: Whpre foe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Roger Peck being examined, said, That foe Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have expended a considerable Sum of Moqey borrowed on foe Credit thereof; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless foe Term of foe said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging foe Term and Powers of an Act of foe Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of " Surrey, to Highgate, in foe Parish of East Grinstead,

" in the County of Sussex:" And that Mr.

and General Cuminghame, do prepare, and bring in, foe

faiiie.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Bristol, &c. whom foe Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Road* by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in foe Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening foe Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in to foe

Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to foe Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of foe County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, add found that foie Standing Orders of the House, of foe 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been oorhpKed with; and that foe Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Amutage being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in foe Execution thereof and borrowed 'several Sums of Money upon foe Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually compleated, and kept in Repair, unlefe foe Term of foe said Act be continued, and feme of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in BirstaU, to foe Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from

Bradley

Sandwich* Ac* Small Debts.

Elections — Disabling Persons m Office.

Bodmin

Hoads.

Addington

Inclosure.

Nairn

Election.

328 1 6°Martii. A, 178

Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint rence, Walmer, Ash, Eastry, W'mgham, Staple, nestone, Chillenden, Nomtington, other-

wife Winsborow, Eythome, other wile Worth,

Elmestone, Preston, Ickham, and in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers and Persons employed in or under the several Officers of Ordnance, Navy, Navy Pay, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt, from giving their Votes at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the' said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pt. 3. 1. 22. To leave out "Man" and insert " Mam," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of January last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Donaldson, Writer to the Signet, William King, of Newmish, Major Alexander Donaldson, late

of the Seventy-sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert Camming, of Logie, and John Rose, of Holm, Esquires, Freeholders of the County of Nairn, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Ibid County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Alloa whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, so Harbour, much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring be added to the imprison-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ment by a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in of the last Session of Parliament, intituled; " An Act for u,n c,ence' reducing the Time for the Imprisonment; of Debtors (t committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of " Confidence in London, Middlesex, and the; Borough " of Southwark, to the same Periods in eaph Court, and " for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers,

" or others, on Account of such Imprisonment," to ail Courts instituted for the Recovery of Sm^ll Debts.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Ditto, to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of " Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions " in Courts of Confidence in London, Middlesex, and " the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in " each Court, and for abolishing Fees paid by those " Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such " Imprisonment," to all Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, foe Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to British Order, a Bill for the Encouragement; of the British

Turbot

Supply*

a6 Geo. III.

Turbot Fisherv, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Lobsters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Ulc of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

329

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }»

Tellers for the Noes, }>9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

16° Martii.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mutiny and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Desertion. whole House, to whom the Bill for pumihing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payun or of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill ue now read a Second Time.

Bristol The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being

£l«dion. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Liiis, " uch had been struck by the said Counsel in his Prefree, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thin jn Members then remaining unitruck: to wdiich last-.nentioned Lift the Names of John MacnamLiquire, and Sir John Miller, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Thomas Johnes, Esquire, the Honourable John Elliot, Charles Brandling, Esquire, Robert Nicholas, Esquire, John Galley Knight, Esquire, Colonel,

the Earl ' of Alornington, Ci'isp Molyneux, Esquire, William Augustus Spencer Boscauen, Esquire, Edward Rushworlh, Esquire, John Walker Heneage, Esquire, George Douglas Esquire, Charles Eduyn, Esquire, John Macnamara, Esquire, Sir John Miller, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Daubeney, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for bearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Mutiny and Then the First Amendment made by the Committee Desertion. to the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which was to leave out, " being mustered," in Fo. 2,

1. 2, and to insert " who is or shall be commissioned," being read a Second Time,

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

Vol. 41.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Regulating Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, E®ftIndia iniimled, " An Act for the better Regulation and Ma- *"’

" nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company,

" and of the British Poflessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy " and ctfeftual Trial of Feilbns accused of Offences " committ d in the East Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Henry Dttndas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Midgrave, and Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Inliruftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that, in preparing the fame, they do never lose Sight of the Effect which any Measure, to be adopted for the good Government of our Poflessions in India, may have on our own Constitution and our dearest Intermits at Home; and particularly that, in amending the said Act, they do take Care that no Part thereof shall be confirmed or re-enacted by which the unalienable Birthright of every British Subject to a Trial by Jury, as declared in Magna Charta, shall be taken away or impairedj

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telleis for the Yeas, } *«

Tellers for the Noes, {JJ- } 85.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been East India presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, Affair*, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That J. Peter Auriol, Esquire, do attend peif0M to the said Committee, upon Monday Fortnight, the attend.

3d Day of April next

Ordered, That John Hill, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Barker do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Champion do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Aldersey, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Philip Milner Dacres, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Gilpin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

4 P Ordered,

Had India Papers to be printed.

330 16° Martii. 178

Ordered, That Major Williams do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Marsack do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Edwards do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Leonard Jacques do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Lumsdaine do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Fraser, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That David Anderson, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Muir do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Popham do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Sir John D do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That.....Grady, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Chandler, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Balfour do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Webber do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the following Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 2d and 13th Days of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House:

Copy of Letter from the Governor General and Council to the President and Select Committee at Bombay, dated 26th December 1781: Received per lively, 24th May 1783 — being N®.

7, presented 2d March.

Minute of Warren Hastings, Esquire, entered in Confutation 29th September 1783 — contained in N° 2, Vol. III. presented 13 March.

Letters from Major Palmer to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow, 16th and 20th September 1783, entered in Bengal Secret Confutations 6th October 1783; and also, Mr. s Minute, 20th

October 1783, and his Instructions to Major Palmer, entered in Confutations 21st October 1783 — contained in N® 2, Vol. IV. presented 13 th March.

Copy of Proceedings and Correspondence relative to the Ranah of Gohud, since the Year 1781 — being N® 12, presented 13th March.

Letter from Mr. Hastings to the Nabob Hyder Beg Cawn, dated nth August 1782; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 7th September 1782; and also, Extract of Bengal General Confutations, 23d September 1782; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 18th November 1782, Containing Letter from Mr. Johnson to the Governor General and Council, dated Fort William, 2 2d October 1782; and also, Extract of Bengal General Confutations, 25th November 1782; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 12th June 1783; and also, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hastings to Mr. Middleton, dated Chunar, 21st November 1781; and also, Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknoio, 25th November 1781; and also. Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow,

2d December 1781; and also, Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow, 6th December 1781; and also, Letter from

Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow,

7th December 1781; and also, Letter from Kir. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated 9th December 1781: and also, Letter from air: Hastings to Mr. Middleton, dated Benares,

26th December 1781; and also, Letter from the Nabob Vizier to the Resident N. Middleton, inclosed in his Letter to Mr. Hastings of the 26th December 1781; and also, Letter from Mr.

Johnson to Mr. Hastings, dated 28th

December 1781; and also, Letter from Mr.

Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated 30th

December 1781 j and also. Private Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, of the same Date; and also, Letter from Major Naylor to Mr,

Hastings, dated Camp Kella 14th

January 1782; and also, Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow, 1.5th February 1782; and also, Letter from Mr. Hastings to Mr. Middleton, dated F William, 7 th May 1782; and also, tatter from Mr. Hastings to Mr.

Middleton, dated Fort William, 10th August 1782 — contained inN* 1, Vol. I. presented 13th March.

Extracts of Mr. Middletons, Defence to the Governor General and Council; and also Extracts of Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow, 2.5th March 1782; and also.

Letter from Mr. Middleton to Mr. Hastings, dated Fayzabad, 20th January 1782; and also.

Letter from Mr. Hastings to Mr Middleton, dated Baugulpoor, 27th January 1782; and also, tatter from Mr. Middleton to Mr Hastings, dated Lucknow, 5th February 1782; and also, Lift of Mr. Middleton's Public Correspondence with the Honourable Board, from the Period of signing the Treaty at Chunar, to the 23d of October 1782, when he delivered over the Residency to Mr. Bristow-, and also, Letter to the Honourable Board (marked C) from Mr. Middleton, dated Lucknow, 10th April 1782; and also, tatter to the Honourable Board (marked E) from Mr.

Middleton, dated Lucknow, 14th September 17S2; and also, Letter from Mr. Middleton to the Honourable Board, dated Lucknorw, 17th September 1782; and also, Extracts of Letters from the Resident at Ou to the Governor General and Council, respecting Fayzula Cawn; and also, Extracts of Mr. Johnson's Defence, the 3d Charge and Answer, the 5th Charge and Answer, and the Conclusion; and also,

Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 21st October 1783; and also, Letter from the Secretary to Mr. Middleton, dated Fort William, 21st October", and also, Extract of General tatter from Bengal, dated 30th December 1783, Paragraph 6 — contained in N® 1, Vol. II. presented 13th March.

Extract of General tatter to Bengal, dated 14th February 1783; and also, Minute of Mr.

Hastings, dated Gheretty, 9th October 1783, entered in Beng’al Secret Confutations of 13th October 1783 — contained in N° 6, presented 13th March.

Extract of tatter from the Baboo Begum to Mr.

Hastings, received in Calcutta, 2 2d December 1775, shewing the Number of Women the Begums of Oude are under the Necessity of maintaining — being N® 7, prefeuted 13th March.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee cf Shop Tax. the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain

" Duties

Jugulating haft India Adairs*

Gibraltar

Prizes*

Liverpool

Hoad.

Tewkesbury

Having.

26 Geo. III.

1 6° — 170 Martii.

33*

" Duties on Shops within Great Britain," For repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, and of the British Possessions in India, " and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of " Offences committed in the East Indies:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, " and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Depart- ment at Gibraltar the ' like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the " Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships " of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging " to the Enemy."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

&c. Roads*

Clithero

Inclosure.

Dover

Harbour.

Great

Torrington

Roads.

Veneris, 17* Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of for the

Removal of present, and prevention of future J11-croachments. Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: Vol. 41.

for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and, for widening Ibtne Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the l'ittli Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next JVisbeaeh River, lying between Ropers

Fields and The Bell l>m in JVisbeaeh, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear in in the County of Norfolk; and from JValsoken Bridge (lying over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from' thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk-, and from the East End of German's Bridge otbresaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk-, and from Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys in the said County -, without any Amendment: And also, ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Oxford the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal* Oxford Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, nor to raise any further Sum of Money, by Tolls or Duties, for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, was read, whereby certain Persons, therein named, were enabled to raise and contribute, among themselves, the Sum of 150,000l. for the Purpose of making and compleating the said Cut or Canal: And,

Thomas JValker, Esquire, being examined, said.

That the Sum of 141,000l. only has yet been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been -expended in the Execution of the Works directed to be performed; but the same not being sufficient to compleat the said Cut or Canal, another Act was obtained in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the before-mentioned Act, whereby the Company were authorized to borrow, by Way of

Loan,

Chattems Ferry Road.

332

17® Martii- A. 1786.

Loan, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Cut or Canal, the Sum of 70,000l. at legal or less Interest.

Then the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Walker being further examined, said, That in pursuance thereof, the Sum of 69,103/. or thereabouts, has been borrowed, and the Company have made and corapleated so much of the said intended Canal as extends from the Coventry Canal at Longford, in the County of Warwick, to in the County of Oxford, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and have therein expended the Sum of 210,300l. and upwards — That the said Company are desirous of compleating the said Canal to the City of Oxford, but find that they shall not be able to finish the fame, unless they are empowered to raise a further Sum of Money, and some additional Powers are granted to them.

And the Witness added. That it is necessary that some of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Act should be altered, varied, and repealed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render effectual, Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And that Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Henry Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and other Places, in the said Act mentioned, was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and also an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act 4‘ to amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to 41 Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gote, 44 in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts for 41 repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March; 41 and also for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, 44 and on Wisbech South Side, towards the Repairs of Waldersea and South Side Banks, which before the passing of the said Act were liable to such Repairs," were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That there being a Bill depending in Parliament, for enlarging the Terra and Powers of the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is necessary that the last mentioned Act, whereby the former one was altered and amended, be continued and amended, together with such first-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That H be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from " Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to u Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gote,

04

" in the Isle of Ely, and from JVisbcch aforesaid,

" through Outwell, to Dmcnham Bridge, in the County " of Norfolk, and for repealing the several Acts for " repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March" that they do make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging and continuing the Powers of an Act, paded in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said first-mentioned A ft, and for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the Repairs of the Waldersea and South Side Banks, which before the passing of the said Act, were liable to such Repairs.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Harry stourbridg* Earl of Stamford, and the humble Petition of the Canal, several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Feoffees, or Trustees, of the Charity Estates belonging to Stourbridge Hospital, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester; and setting forth, That such Canal is intended to be cut through divers Lands belonging to the said Hospital, situate in the Parishes of Old Sxcin-ford and Pedmore, in the County aforesaid, and, should the same be carried into Execution, a very considerable Quantity of valuable Lands, Part of the said Hospital Pollessions, will be destroyed, and the Remainder of the Lands and Estates belonging to the said Hospital will be thereby rendered not only less courtnodioirs to the Tenants and Occupiers thereof, but will be otherwise materially injured; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Injury the said Charity Estates will sustain, by cutting such Canal, do hereby declare their Diflent thereto; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon' the -

Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Sloper reported from the Committee, to whom Lord Ducie’t the Bill to enable the Right honourable Francis Lord Name-Dude, and his Ilftie, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and ule the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Dude, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending and widening several Roads Wivelif-leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, combe, See. in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining Roads* or near thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phc-lips, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Minehead, enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth &c. Uo^is. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port,

Town,

26 Geo. III. 17* Martii. 33

Town, and Borough of and from Dumter

and Watchett, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, irt the Speaker’s Chamber.

Great Mr. Harmon presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at " or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to I Void "Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill " Field, in the Parish of ,in the County of " coinAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge A Petition oi Other Earl of and the humble

Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester', add the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read} Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, at Diglis, near the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, frdni their remote Situation from any Navigable River or Canal, have no otiier Mode, at present, by which they can be supplied with Coals and Merchandize, but by a very long, laborious, and expensive Land Carriage, and, if the said Bill is permitted to pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be entirely re- lieved therefrom, by having an ealy and cheap Conveyance by Water for their Coals, whereby that necessary Article of Life will be very considerably reduced in Price, and Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, of all Descriptions, will be tnuch cheapet1 than they are at present, to the very great Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood oi Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, was all'o presented to the House, and read; like-wife taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth. That by Means of the said intended Canal, the very valuable and extensive Manufactures of Iron and Glass carried on in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, as allb the Trade of the said Town, will be greatly benefited, and the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize to and from the said Town and Neighbourhood, and the Port of Bristoll, as well as the Cities of Worcester, Gloucester, and the Towns and Country bordering on the Rivers Severn and Avon, will be rendered more certain, cheap, and expeditious, and the Mines of Coal, and Glass House Pot Clay, lying in the Vicinity of,

will partake of the like Advantages, and the same will Ire otherwise of great public U tility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal

Inhabitants, of Taunton, in' /the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the considerable Tratfick in Salt, Iron Wares, and other Merchandize, carried on to the Town of Taunton, and its Neighbourhood, by the said River Severn, is often impeded by the many Shoals therein, above the said City of Worcester, to the manifest Injury of their Trade, and the Petitioners are of Opinion that the Communication proposed by the said Application will not only procure them a regular Intercourse with the interior Counties, Vol. 41.

but also prove of public Utility: And therefore praying.

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That although the Demand for Coal, Salt, and Iron Wares, at Bridgewater, is constant and extensive, yet the Supply of those Articles is often precarious, on Account of the many Defects in the Navigation of the River Severn, above the City of Worcester, and the Petitioners believe that Inconvenience will be fully removed by the intended Communication or Canal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time»

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Shottery whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- hdofure; mon Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of in

the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills, of Inclosure, had been complied W'ith; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the S.atisfaction of the Committee (except Mr a Minor, who is Proprietor of Eighteen Days Math in the Meadoip, and Two out of Three Persons, who are his Guardians, have signed the Bill on his.Behalf; and allb, except Mr. Calcot, a Minor, who is Proprietor of about Four Days- Math in the Meadow; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed by the Bill, amounts to 38! Yard Lands,-fend 164 Acres of Meadow; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee hud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whefe the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quction severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several of the Trustees under Three Lambeth,&r. several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth Roads.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes . of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from tire South End of Black Friars Bridge to Neicington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Power's

to O # #

of the said Acts, and for making and repairing, watching, and lighting, certain other Roads in the said Parish of Lambeth, and the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey; and Alledging, That there is a certain Piece of Road, containing in Length about Thirty Yards,

4 Q b'ins

334 17° Martii. A. 17 86*.

lying between the South End of Black Friars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, at which Place the Road, under the Care of the Petitioners, leading towards Newington, commences, which said Piece of Road is not included in any Act of Parliament, and it would complete the Communication with the said Bridge, and be of public Utility, if the said Piece of Road was to be put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said recited Acts; and that it would facilitate the Execution of the said Acts, if the several Powers and Provisions therein contained were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for the above Purposes in the Bill now depending for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr.

Norton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Heaga, &c. Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Ttbshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near

Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition, of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of this Instant , might be again

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and (hat the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel.against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Erich, 4c. Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac-hclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich and in the County of

Derby: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AUoa Ordered, That the Report which was Yesterday made

Harbour. from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour, was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Bakewell, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for &c‘ Rottd5‘ putting in Execution Two several Acts, made, One in the Twelfth Year, and the other in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and from Chesterfield to , in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the principal Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 177 4, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com [died with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Manley being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected on the said Road, has been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road, and the other Purposes of the said Acts — That the Principal Sum of 7,760/. now remains due, together with an Arrear of many Years Interest, amounting to 4,609/. and upwards, making together more than the Sum of 12,369 /.; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road from Chesterfield to Worksop be kept in proper Repair, unlefe the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it is necessary to enlarge the Tolls, the present Tolls being so greatly defective as to occasion an Arrear of about Thirteen Years Interest upon the Principal Money now due.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roa4s therein mentioned, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop:

And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Edward Astley reported from the Committee, to Crathome's whom the Bill to enable George Tasburgh, Esquire, Name, (lately called George CraShome) and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place j arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, b* ingrossed.

Tichwell

Inclosure.

Birftall, &c. Road.

Barton Waterside House Road.

Spittlegate Hill Road.

Ditto.

Wei ford Bridge Road*

Hederftedt'f

Nat.

26 GeO. III. 170 Martu. 335

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstall to the Turnpike Road at and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of YorkAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An A£1: for repairing and widening " the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham " Hedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County " of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Biigg, in the said County, to Bar and Bigby

Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said Town of Caistor; And the same was received ,* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made. One in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foeton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Harrison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ain Act, made in the Sixth-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Boston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welj'ord Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Alilston Lane, in the Town of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved , That die Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Pochin, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gustaf Hederstedt; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 41,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Liverpool Act for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain Stree,s>&c-Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuifences and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places; and, for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Liverpool Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Church, &c, Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool;without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Jones, from Dover and the Receiver General of the Customs, attended at the ^ar’ Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to re* the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums of Money collected for the Maintenance of Dover and Ryt Harbours, from the ift of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1784, both Years inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Scotland — the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Malt Taxes, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Malt Taxes, from Midsummer 1774 to Midsummer 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, to whom it is referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Estwick presented to the House, according to Weltbury Order, a Bill for the Appointment of an additional Overseer. Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Coal Trade, whom the Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth,

Christ Church, the Borough of Southwark, and other Places in the County of Surrey, lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed.

Deal Small Debts.

Tenterden

Road.

East India Papers to I printsd.

3 $6 170 Martii. 1785*

directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through-ont: and then a Second Time, One by One *, and, upon the Questron severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery o^ Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Great

Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger,

Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Honyzcood, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road In tire Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of in

the said County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfcld Heath; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Numlrer of Copies of the following Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this Inltant March, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hastings's Letter to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, 20th October 1783; and also, Minutes of Mr. Macpherson, Mr. Stables, and Mr. Hastings, in Consultations 21st October 1783; and also, Letter from the Nabob Vizier to Mr. Hastings, received 29th November 1783, with his Minute upon the said Letter; and also, Minute from Messieurs Wheeler, and

Stables, and Two Minutes from Mr. Hastings, entered in Confutations 27th December 1783; and also, Minute from Messieurs Wheler, Macpherson, and Stables, in Bengal Secret Consulta-tions 31st December 1783; and also, Minutes from Mr. Hastings, and Messieurs Wheler, Macpherson, and Stables, entered 28th December 1783; and also, Extract of Secret Letter from Bengal, dated 31st Dec 1783 — contained in N* 2, Vol. IV.

Mr. Hastings's Minute of the 20th of January 1784; and also. Minutes of Mefliuers Stables and Wheler, entered in Consultations 21ft

January 1784; and also, Extracts of Secret Letters from Bengal, dated 7th and 16th February 1784; and also Mn Hastis Minutes, and Two Letters froth the Nabob Vizier and Hyder Beg KhAn to the Governor General, received 14th February 1784, the Governor General’s Credentials, entered id Consultation 14th February 1784, and Letters from Major Palmer and Mr. Worrdrwell, dated 2d February

1784, entered the same Day — contained in N* 2, Vol. V.

Extract of Company's Letter to Bengal, dated 11th April 1785 — contained in N* 2, Vol. VIL

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining stourbridgs a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Naviga- Canal, tion to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- East India pies or Duplicates of all Proceedings and Dispatches Affairs — of the Governor General and Council, relative to the Grant of any Contraft to Mr. Fraser, for repairing the Bunds, Pools, and Dykes in the Province of in Bengal.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next ment*

A Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correc- Salop Gaol, tion, for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, 4c-Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the lame, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire " Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop, and " the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned," w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^Ieans-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for 08 - raising

a6 Geo. III. 17 Mart it. 337

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now toad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved kself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning neat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mutiny and An ingrafted Bill far punishiBg Mutiny and Desertion,

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shop Tax. An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops " within Great Britain," for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to declare, that the Tax shall not extend to Victuallers, as such.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And the Question being proposed, That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

The laid Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 12. After " this " to inlert " or of the " said recited."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within " Great Britain," for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Manufacturers and Wholesale

Pedlars. Traders in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; Recommending the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars to the Attention and Protection of the House, as a most frugal, industrious, and ufeiul Clafe of People, and not only greatly instrumental in promoting the Trade of the Petitioners, but also of the whole Body of Manufacturers of this Kingdom, whose Goods and Msmufactures they are enabled, from their Frugality and Mode of Living, to afford to their Customers on better Terms than they could otherwise be furnished, as well to the great Encouragement of such Manufactures, as to the Increase of the Revenue; V01. 41.

and Setting forth, That the Trade of the Hawkers and Pedlars being founded on the Faith of several Acts of Parliament, hath been long ago brought into, and continued in, a regular Channel, and extensive Credit given, as well by the Petitioners to them, as by them to their Customers; and that if the pth and 1 ith Clauses of an *

Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, be enforced, the necessary Consequences thereof must be the total Suppression of the fair Trade of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars, by which a very considerable Part of the Debts due to them, and to the Petitioners from them, must be unavoidably loft, and, in such Case, their Places will be supplied by Smugglers, who will immediately Convey into the Countries, in which the Hawkers now travel, contraband Goods of every Denomination, to the Injury of the fair Trader, and the Decrease of the Public Revenue: And therefore praying the House to remove the Restrictions of the 9th and 11th Clauses of the said Act, and to give such Encouragement and Protection to the Trade of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars as the Nature of their same may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the East India Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of May 1782, Affairs, of the Six first Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which had been made from the Committees of Secrecy relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as folio wet h; viz.

" Resolved, That the Orders of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, which have " conveyed to their Servants Abroad a prohibitory Condemnation of all Schemes of Conquest and Enlargement of Dominion, by prescribing certain Rules and " Boundaries for the Operation of their Military Force, ♦

" and enjoining a strict Adherence to a Syfiem of Defence upon the Principle of the Treaty of " were founded no less in Wisdom and Policy than in " Justice and Moderation.

" Resolved, That every Transgression of those Orders,

"without evident Necessity, by any of the several British " Governments in India, has been highly represensible,

and has tended, in a chief Degree, to weaken the " Force and Influence, and to diminish the Resources,

" of the Company in those Parts.

" Resolved, That every Interference, as a Party, in the Domestic or National Quarrels of the Country " Powers, and all new Engagements with them in oft'enfive Alliance, have been wifely and providently forbidden by the Company in their Commands to their " Administrations in India.

" Resolved, That every unnecessary or avoidable " Deviation from those well-advised Rules should be " followed with very leverc Represension and Punishment for it, as an Instance of wilful Disobedience of " Orders, and as tending to disturb and destroy that " State of Tranquillity and Peace with all their Neighhours, the Preservation of which has been recommended as the first Principle of Policy, to the British " Governments in India.

" Resolved, That the Maintenance of an inviolable " for Moderation, good Faith, and scrupulous " Regard to Treaty, ought to have been the timple " Grounds on which the British Government should " have endeavoured to establish an Influence liiperior to that of other Europeans over the Minds of the native

4 R " Powers

338 170 Martii. . 1786.

" Powers in India; and that the Danger and Discredit " anting from the Forfeiture of this Pre-eminence could " not be compensated by the temporary Succels of any li. Plan of Violence or Injustice.

" Resolved, That as any essential Failure in the exe-

" cutive Conduct of the Supreme Council or Presidencies " would make them justly liable to the most serious " Animadversions of their Superiors, so should any " Relaxation, without sufficient Cause, in these Principies of good Government, on the Part of the Directors " themselves, bring upon them, in an heavier Degree, " the Resentment of the Legislative Power of their " Country, which alone can interpose an effectual Correction to the general Misrule."

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the said 28th Day of May 1782, of the Forly-second Resolution reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly } and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears, that the Government

" General had been previously in Possession of a Letter " from the Duan of the Rajah of Berar, containing " Overtures for Mediation for Peace and Alliance with " the Pefliwa; and that this material Information was " wholly suppressed by them in their Dispatches to the " Court of Directors, but a Copy of it was sent, by the " same Conveyance, to the private Agent of Mr. Hast- ings; and that, in thus neglecting to make immediate

Communication to the Court of Directors of such " important Intelligence, the Government General appear " to have failed in an essential Part of their Duty."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Extract of Bengal Confutations, dated 20th January 1784, as far as relates to any Letter received from Major Brown, dated the 30th of December 1783;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the said 28th Day of May 1782, of the Seventh Resolution reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly j and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Conduct of the Company and " their Servants in India to the King and Nudjiff Cawn, " with respect to the Tribute payable to the one, and " the Stipend to the other, and with respect to the " Transfer of the Provinces of Corah and Illahabad to *' the Vizier, was contrary to Policy and good Faith;

" and that such wife and practicable Measures should be " adopted in future as may tend to redeem the National " Honour, and recover the Confidence and Attachment " of the Princes of India'1

Then the Question being put, that there be laid before this House, an Extract of Bengal Confutations, dated 20th January 1784, as far as relates to any Letter received from Major Brown, dated the 30th of December

1783;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: } »

Tellers for the Noes,|JJj* . }140.

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1784 to the 24th of December .1785, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1786.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1786: And.also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of tKe late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1786.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account and Estimates are as followeth; viz.

An

Army Extra-ordinaries.

Half Pay.

Chelsea

Hospital.

Ditto.

Half Pay. Ditto.

26 Geo. III.

170 Martii.

339

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Army Extra.

# # ordinaries.

the Paymaster General of His Majestys Forces^ from the 25th of December 1784 to the 24th of December 1785, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrant*.

1785.

January 6th.

20th. March 22d.

May 6th.

20th. 3.1 ft*

June 9th.

2 2d. July 29th.

August 29th. October 27th.

December 2d.

January 6th.

20th.

28th.

February 21ft. March 2 2d. June 7th. July 14th.

V ol. 41.

To Thomas Everett, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the lft September 1784 and the 3d October

following.....- - 3,199 16 —

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 4th October 1784 and die 31st of the same Month -

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the lft November 1784 and the 28th of the same Month -

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 2Qth November and 26th December

1784 -

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison,

between the 27th December 1784 and 23d January

1785 ....

To Ditto, upon Account, by Way of further Advance on his Contract, for victualling D# Garrison To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 24th January and 20th February 1785 -To Ditto, upon Account, by Way of Advance on his Contract, for victualling an additional 1,000 Men, in D* Garrison -

To Ditto, upon Account, to compleat the Advance for

D* Men....

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D# Garrison, between the 2 lft February and 20th March 1785 To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D# Garrison, between the 21st March and 17th April 1785 -To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, between the 18th April and 15th May 1785 -To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 16th May and 12th June 1785 To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, between the 13th June and 10th July 1785 - -

To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, between the 11th July and 7U1 August 1785 -To Ditto, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 8th August and 4th September 1785

To Messrs. Neave and Aislabie, for Provisions shipped Dominica -

To Ditto, for D* shipped for Providence -

To Ditto, for D* shipped for Jamaica -

To Ditto, for D* shipped for D*

To Ditto, for D* shipped for Providence -

To Ditto, for D* shipped for Jamaica -

To Ditto, for D° shipped for New Providence To Ditto, for Tools and Implements of Husbandry shipped for Cape Breton -

2,695 16 —

2,695 — 6

2,692 1 10

2,705 11 5

7,800 — —

,2,705 14 5

1,950 — —

1,950 — —

2,741 7 6

2,759 9 3

2,740 19 5

2,760 1 8

2,739 1 8

2,726 14 10

2,713 15 1

by them for

1,560 2 6

4,624 6 —

3,942 15 4

2,084 9 6

3,464 6 7

2,767 3 2

7,301 1 —

749 1 —

£. s. d.

47,575. 9 7

*6,943 5 1 To

340

17® Martii.

Bales of Warrants.

Anuy Extra-ordinaries.

1785.

February 17th. April 4th.

15th.

May 6th.

To Messrs. Rashleigk and C*, for Provisions Slipped by them for Halifax, in Nova Scotia - £. 6,629 8 —

To Ditto, for D* Service ----- 8,830 1

To Ditto, for D® Service ----- 8,471 2 —

To Ditto, for D® Service ----- 6,587 — 9

April 7th. To Charles Wall, Esqirire, for Provisions sent by him to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Gibraltar ---- 13,487 10 8

To Ditto, in Part of a General Average on the Ship Diligence Packet, awarded to be paid for a Quantity of Oatmeal shipped, on Account of the Public, on Board the said Vessel - - - - 57164

June 14th. To Messrs. John Turnbull and George Macaulay, upon Account, being an Advance on then- Contract for vi&u ailing 2,000 Persons in the West Indies - - - 2,563 17 9

To Ditto, upon Account, being an Advance on their Agreement for victualling the Troops in Canada,

Nova Scotia, &c. ---- 10,000 — —

August 15 th. To Messrs. Jri Turnbull, Geo. M. Macaulay, and Thd Gregory, upon Account, for Provisions shipped by them for the Use of the Loyal American Subjects in Canada and Nova Scotia ----- 30,861 18 4

September 27th. To Ditto, upon Account, for D® Service - - - 11,417 5 6

November 26th, To Ditto, upon Account, for Provisions delivered by them at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, for the Use of the Loyal Americans - - - - 19,018 17 3

To Ditto, upon Account, for Provisions shipped by them for D® Service - - - - 4,638 8 —

December 19th. To Ditto, upon Account of their Contract, for furnishing Provisions to the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia - -- -- - 12,000----

July 4th.

To John Durand, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for victualling 3,250 Men in the Leeward Islands 474 4 10

To Anthony Richardson, Esquire, for D®, as Contractor for victualling 5,000 Men in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica - -- -- - 135 19 —

To Messrs. Benj" Smith, fVm Fitzhugh, and Peacock, for D®, as Contractors for victualling 9,750 Men in America ---- 136 9 6

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for fomishing a Quantity of Rum for the Forces in America - - - - 70126

To Messrs. Potter, Dearman, Jordaine, and Shaw, for D®, as Contractors for victualling 10,000 Men in North and South Carolina, Georgia, and East Florida - 67176

May 13th. To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for fimdry Articles for Prefeats to Indians, and for Necessaries for Loyal Refugees in Canada - 10,000 — —

June loth. To Ditto for several Articles sent as Presents to the

Indians in Canada ---- 11,091 10 5

1784-

May 21ft. To Captain Charles Asgill, of the lft Regiment of Foot Guards, for his Expences during the Time he was a Prisoner, and suffered Confinement, at Lancaster, in the Province of Penlylvania, in America - 189-----

December 2d. To Major Simon Fraser, of the late 71st Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of his Eye, occasioned by a Wound he received on the March from Ridgefield to Comba, in Connecticut - 273 15 —

A. 1786.

aC- d.

30,517 13 10

13,545 7 —

90,500 6 10

885 3 4

*1,091 10 5

To

170 Martti.

i6 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1785-

January 13th.

26th.

February 15 th.

19th.

March 22d.

23d.

April 5th. 7th.

8 tli. Vol. 41.

III.

To John Graham, Esquire, being the Balance of his

Account, as. late Superintendent of the Affairs of the Indians, in the Southern District of North America, from the ift January 1782 to 30th June

1783 .....-

To Peter Thelusoti, Esquire, and Company, for Freight

due to Captain John < Stri Commander of the Ship Woodcock, for carrying Loyalists from New York to Annapolis Royal -To Messrs. Meyrick, for Losses of sundry Officers of the late 86th Regiment of Foot, by the Hurricane at Barbadoes, and at the Capture of Tobago, in the Years 1780 and 1781 - -

To Col. Geo. Cunninghamlate of the Scotch Bri-

gade in Holland, in Consideration of the great Inconvenience he was subject t» in that Country, when soliciting the Return of the Colours of that Brigade -

To several Hessian and Provincial Officers, for Losses ful'tained by them in America -To Lieut. Tho' Poplet, of the African Corps, for extra Services performed by him while on Duty in the I hand of Goree -

To Captain John Grant, for the Expences he incurred in providing Quarters, Fuel, &c. for the Officere and Men of Two Companies of the Garrison Battalion under his Command, at New Providence, in the Bland of Bermuda - -

To Lieut Chet Shipley, upon Account of his Balance, as late Commanding Engineer in the Leeward Blands - -

To John Withicombe, Matter of the Elizabeth Transport,

for Freight of the said Vessel, engaged by General Halehmand to convey Troopsv Artificers, and Loyal ids to England -

To James MlDonald, late Commander of the armed Brigantine of War the Greyhound, at Charlestown, South Carolina, being the Amount of Damages and Costs recovered against trim ia East Florida, for the Detention of a Negro -

To John Martin Leake, Esquire^ for the Balance of his Account, as afiting Agent for tile Province of West Florida, to 24th June 1783 - - .

To Captain T. Wilson, being the Balance of an Account of Expences incurred by him at Goree, whither he was sent to embark and fend Heme the Garrison of that Bland - -

To Messrs. Bicknell and Bishop, Administrators to the lrite Jri Clarke, for the Balance of his Account of Contingencies, as late Governor of the Province of Senegal, in Africa - -

To William Hamilton, for the Detention and Value of the Eagle Private Ship of War, funk at Mahon, by Order of General Murray -To George Bruere, Esquire, Lieut. Governor of the Island of Bermuda, for Repairs of the Surprize Chaloupe, and a Boat, which were employed in the Removal of Troops, Provisions, and Stores, to and from several Posts, as Occasion required -

To Paul Maylor, Gent Adminilhrator to the Estate of Lord Cha Montague, for Expences incurred by his Lordship in the transport of feme disbanded Troops from Jamaica to Halifax - -

To Sheriff' Griffin, late a Private Soldier in the British Legion in America, for Arrears of Pay, and One Year’s Clothing, undrawn -To Captain Thct Foley, of the Ship of War Atalanta, for bringing the Governor of Canada from Quebec To Lieut. General Massey, for the Balance of his Account, as Commanding Officer of the Troops in the Northern District of America -

£. s. d.

85 14 8 510 6 —

47 4 6

200----

977 — 4

150 — —

399 19 9

200-----

354 »* ~

189 — — 428 10 6

97 a 2

171 8 7 2,000-----

105 3 n 202 15 6

11 14 —

150----

254 »3 7

4»

341

Army Extra-rdinariet.

To

Army Extra-ordinaries.

342 170 Martii.

Dates of Warrants*

1785*

April 15U1.

20th.

30th.

May 3d.

4th.

6th.

9th.

11th.

June 21 ft.

22d.

27th.

To Nicholas Jesperson, late Commander of the Cutter General Murray, for Expences incurred by him from Leghorn to Florence, at the Requisition of Sir H. Mam, and Provisions for the Crew of the said

Cutter -

To Lieut. Jci'cmiah Donovan, of the British legion, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Wounds he received on Service -

To Major Jit Skinner, for the Expences he was put to in lending an Officer with Dispatches from Penobfcot to General Haldimand, at Quebec -To Lieut. Thar Eyre, of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained by the Hurricane at Saint Lucia, in October 1780 -

To Messrs. Hoare and M'Aulay, for Expences incurred, and Monies disbursed by them, for the Support and Relief of the King’s Subjects, settled at and near Black River, on the Musquito Shore -To Captain Matthew Squires, late Commander of the Ship of War the Aftrea, for carrying the Earl of Dun-more, then Govenior of Virginia, to South Carolina -To Lieut. Char Sutherland, of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Lois of the Use of his Hand, by a Wound he received in Action on the Coast of Malabar -

To Colonel Musgrave, for the Balance of his Account as Deputy Quarter Mailer General in the West Indies -

To Oliver Delaney, Adjutant General to the Forces in America, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him in the Employment committed to his Care, of adjusting Military Transactions in America - -

To Lieut. Col. Arch*Ml Arthur for the Value of a

Horse loft upon actual Service in America, while he was Major of the late 71st Regiment of Foot -To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Gre-Agents to the 17th

Regiment of Dragoons, for an Allowance of 501- per Annum per Troop, for the said Regiment while in America -

To Messrs. Cazalet and Sons, for the Use of the Royal Company at Trieste, for the Value of a Cargo of Salt Provisions, detained in the Year 1781 at Minorca, for the Use of the Garrison -To L. G. Vaughan, for the Balance of his Account as Commander in Chief of the Forces in the West Indie's, between 7th December 1779 and 6th December 1781 -

To Brook Watson, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account as Commifiaiy General in America, between the 27th of May and 31st December 1782 To Colonel Alex' Moneypenny, for the Balance of his Account as Deputy Quarter Mailer General on the Expeditions to Martmico and the Havannah, in the Years 1762 and 1763 -

To Lieut. Colin Campbell, of the late Second 71st Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained on board the Lord North Packet, when taken by a French Letter of Marque in October 1781 -

To Lieut. Char Shipley, upon further Account of his Balance as late Commanding Engineer in the Leeward Islands -

To Eduf Morse, Esquire, late Chief Justice of Senegam-bia, for Expences incurred by him, in being lent from that Province to England in 1777, by Order of Governor Clarke, in relation to the Situation of the

laid Province - ....

To Edirt Armstrong, Esquire, for the Use of Ensign Thor Grant of the 8th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by him by the Transport Three Sifters foundering on her Voyage to India - -

£. s. d.

821 1 7

85 3 4

53 11 — 30 19 6

290 4 1 150-----

235 3 4 73 — 6

168 14 — 16 1 —

2,259----

1,684 7 7

204 9 1

86 711 107 12 4

34 1 6

200-----

104 11 — 19 8 —

A* 178

To

V

26 Geo. III. 170

Dates of Warrants.

1785.

June 30th.

July 4th.

8th.

29th.

30th.

August 3d.

15th.

September ift.

October 20th.

22d.

28th.

November 10th.

14th.

To Captain Thomas Scott of the 53d Regiment of Foot, for his Services, Losses, anti Expences, in carrying Dispatches, in the Year 1777, by Order of Generals Burgoyne and Fraser, to Sir Clinton -

To Captain Geo. Benson, for the Balance of his Account as Secretary to Lieut. Colonel N. Balfour, late Commandant of Charles Town, from ift July 1780 to 31st August 1781 -

To Brevet Major Geo. Beckwith, for the Balance of his Account of Expenditures for secret Services of the Forces in America, from 19th July 1782 to 18th November 1783 -

To Andrew Elliot, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account as Superintendent General of the Port and Police of New York, between the 18th July 1777 and 1st November 1782 -

To Major General Christie, for the Balance of his Account, as Commander of the Troops in the Islands of Antigua and Saint Christopher’s, in the

Year 1780 - ....

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the ift Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained at the Seige of Brimstone Hill, in the West Indies -To Simon Fraser, Esquire, for Provisions supplied by him to the Garrison of Gibraltar, in the Year 1781 To Fred* Smyth, Esquire, late Chief Justice of New Jersey, in Discharge of a Warrant from Sir G. Carle-ton, late Commander in Chief in America, on the Deputy Paymaster at New York, which w-as unfa-tisfied ——

To Jit Atkinson, late an Ensign in the 28th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained at the Siege of Brimstone Hill, and by Fire at the Town of S* John’s Antigua, in the Year 1782 -

To Major Henry Sheridan, of the late New York Volunteers, for the Lots of Baggage while on actual Service ——

To Macltif Belilo, for the Lose he sustained by a Quantity of Pipes, Calks, and other Vessels, containing Wine and other Liquors, being staved at Gibraltar, by Order of Lieut. Governor Sir Robert Boyd - -

To Lieut. Col. Andreas Emmerick, late serving with the Provincial Forces in America, for lb much expended by him, in order to obtain some necessary Information for the Service - - -

To Messrs. JVilkmson and Higgins, for Provisions purchased of them by Thct Shirley, Esquire, Governor of the Leward Islands, for the Use of the Loyalists destined for East Florida, which were on board the Ship Phanix, and put into Antigua by Distress To Ben’ Andrews, Esquire, Agent to the 30th Regiment of Foot, for the contingent Expences incurred by the said Regiment, lately Rationed at Jamaica To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, Agents to the 79th, 85th, 88th, and 89th, Regiments of Foot, for D# incurred by the said Regiments lately Rationed at Ditto -

To John Hogg, late a Soldier of the 105th Regiment of Foot, for Pay due to him whilst in America To John Clarke, late a Lieutenant of an Independant Company serving in Africa, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him by being confined at Go-ree on the Accusation of his Commanding Officer, and from thence sent Home a Prisoner by Way of the West Indies, he having been honourably acquitted To Tho' Slater, Owner of the Brigantine Betley, for the Lois of the said Ship, being captured by an American Privateer whilst in His Majesty s servie.e, in the Year 1776 -

t

£ l

250----’

88 14 11

61 5 ~

224 12 9

166 4 6

66 13 — 2,696 4 9

100----

37 7 — 67 1 —

735 10 —

193 11 —

70 15 7 482 17 1

2,599 3 3 10 14 9

180----

464 n —

343

Army Extra-ordinaries*

To

1

344

Dates of 'Warrants.

Army Extra- 1785.

ordinaries. December lft.

2d.

170 Martii.

22d.

To Antht Calvert, Esquire, for Freight of Provisions and Stores sent by the African Committee in the Year 1781, for the Use of the Troops on the Coast of Africa -

To Messrs. Thornton, Bailke, and CittttpbeH, Merchants, for Provisions and Rum forriHhed to the Troops in the Island of Grenada, by Order of Edaf Matheiv, El-quire, Govarnor of the said Island -

To Capt. A. Pyne, of the late i02d Regiment of Foot, soir the Expence attending the Cure of A severe Wound he'received in his Leg in storming a French Battery in the East Indies - -

£ a d.

199 10

182 10 —

April 5th. To pay a Bill drawn by Lieut. Colonel Patrick Sinclair, late Lieut.

Governor of the Fort at Michilimakinac, on the Governor of Quebec in the Year 1781, which from an Error in the Date was not paid

when presented

28th. To Geo. Ferguson, Esquire, late Governor and Commander of the Island of Tobago, to pay Two Bills of Exchange drawn by him on the Commissioners Of the Treasury, which w'ere returned protested, and for the Expences in Consequence thereof -

June 27th. To Messrs. Eden and Court, to pay Bills drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury by Governors Clarke and Rooke, from Senegal, and for Intefeft and Expences attending their being noted and protested - -

April 7th. To pay Bills drawn by Sir G. A. Elliot, for several contingent Expences in the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - 1,212 19 7

September lft. To pay D*, drawn by D#, for D* Service .....1,309 5

June 27th. To John Cowan, Esqnrre, Upon Aceodnt, to enable him to pay Bills of Exchange drawn upon him by Patrick Totiyn, Esquire, from Saint Augustine -

To D°, upon Account, for D* Service -

To D*, upon Account, for D* Service -

To D*, upon Account, for D* Service -

To D*, upon Account, for D* Service -

To D#, upon Account, for D* Service -

To D#, upon Account, for D* Service -

1,129 11

August 18th.

31st.

September 26th. October 14th. 22d. 27th.

754 11 —

i,34i 9 1

1,093 3 2

2,441 6 2

474 12 —

722 3 6

822 11

February 14th.

August 16th. October 21ft.

February 14th.

August 16th. October 21ft.

February 14th.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Orde, Governor of Dominica, for public Services ----- 706 1 3

To D*, for D* Service - 5,778 11 3

To D*, for D* Service - - - 800 - —

93

1 10

402 19

2,522 11 —

7,649 »5

7,284 12

To Bills of Exchange, Drawn by Edmund Lincoln, Governor of S' VincCttt’s for Public

Services ----- 796----

To D*, for D° Service - 2,400 — — -

To D*, for D° Service - - - 1,904 11 —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by PEiUiOm Orcher

dleston, commanding at S' John’s, Newfoundland, for Publick Services -

5,100 11 —

L375

A. 17&&

£ *. rf.

25,691 _ 10

To

I m

26 Geo,

Dates of Warrants.

1785.

February 14th.

August 16th. October 21ft.

February 14th.

August 16 th. October 21ft. August 16th. October 21ft. August 16th.

October 21ft. August 16th.

October 21ft.

Vol. 41.

III. 17° Mar tit.

St j£. St

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Allured

Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services - - - 5,055 411

To D®, for D® Service - 1,175 *- * —

To D®, for D® Service - 4,901 14 10

-----:----- 11,13' '9 9

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major W* Gunn,

Commissary for disembarking German Troops, for Public Services - - - - 2,070 19 11

To D\ drawn by Lieut Eduf Par, commanding the Forts upon the Coast of Africa, for Public

Services - 156'----

To D®, drawn by Frederick Haldimand, Governor of

Quebec, for Public Services ..... 15,391 1 —

To D®, drawn by Arch* M‘ Arthur, Brigadier General commanding in East Florida and the Bahamas, for Public Services - 2,573 2 9

493 18 6

To D®, for D® Service - 3,067 1 3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Edward Mathew,

Governor of Grenada, for Public

Services ----- 5,210 13 6

To D®, for D® Service - 3,831-----

---------9,041 13 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Walter Patterson,

Governor of the Island of St John, for Public

Services ----- 1,268 18 11}

To D®, drawn by Tho’ Broom, Superintendent of Indian

Affairs, for Public Services ----- 5,447 9 Hi

To D®, drawn by David Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for Public Services - - 581 16 4

To D®, for D® Service - 324 16 10

------------- 906 13 2

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Dowling, Commandant at Fort Moree, on the Coall of Africa, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by Thomas Shirley, Governor of Antigua, for Public Services -To D®, drawn by Henry Hamilton, Lieut. Governor of Quebec, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieut. Governor of New Brunswick, for Public Services -To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Joseph Wheelwright, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, in the Month of January 1785, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the said

330----

675----

- 10,972 5 — 96 6 —

Forces

To D°, drawn by D® in the Month of April 1785, on Account of D*

To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of May 1785, on Account of D®

To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of July 1785, on Account of D®

To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of October 1785, on Account of D® -To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of November 1785, on Account of D® To D®, drawn by D®, from the lit to the 2 2d of December 1785, on Account of D®

5.000 -

7.000 -

9.000 — —

10.400 — —

4.400 -

5,730 -

1,870-----

43,400----

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Joshua Winslow, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Canada, in the Month of July 1785, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the said Forces ----- 20,000----

345

Army ExtnU ordinaries.

To

Army Extra ordinaries.

346 170 Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

s. d. £. s. d.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Josliud Winslow, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Canada, in the Month of September 178,5, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences

of the said Forces - - - -5,650----

To D°, drawn by D®, in the Month of

October 1785, on Account of D* - 43,755 --

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1785, on Account of

D®..... 4,478 -

To D®, drawn by D®, from the lft to the 12th December 1785, on Ac-cout of D® - - - 1,117 — —

------75,oooo----

1784. —

April 6th. To Lieut John Kennedy, being Six Years Half Pay on Account of his Services in raising a Number of Men to compose a Corps of

Swiss Chasseurs - - - 200 15 —

October 20th. To several Majors of Brigade, for their Pay for 121

Days, to 24th April 1783 - - - 665 10 —

December 2d. To Lieut. Rich* Davies, of the late 75th Regiment of Foot, for 129 Days Pay, as Adjutant to a Battalion of Light Infantry, to 12th November 1782 - - 25 16 —

31st. To Lieut. John Dowling of the Marines, for 365 Days Allowance, as Commander of Fort Mouree, Corman-tine, Baracoe, and Apam, to 10th May 1784 - - 182 10 —

To Lewis Rosseau, for 2,373 Days Pay, as Quarter Matter to the Commander in Chief in Canada, to 24th December 1783 ---- 593 5 —

To Gregory Townsend, Gent, for 184 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 25th December

1783 - - -.....184----

To F. IV. Hecht, Gent for 208 Days Pay as Assistant

Commissary in America, to 30th April 1784 - - 208----

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 181 Days D®, as D®,

to 3d July 1784 - ---- 181-----

To Lieut. Col. Oliver de Lartcy, for 183 Days Pay, as Adjutant General in America, to 24th December

1784 - >73 7 —

To Sir William Draper, for 364 Days additional Pay, to 24th December 1782, to cornpleat his Pay, as Lieut. Governor of Fort S' Philip at Minorca, and Lieut. General on the Staff, to the tame Pay as hath been allowed to the Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, and to enable him to pay Two Aids de Camp ---- 1,456----

1785.

January 5th. To Lieut. General Morrison, for 366 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as Quarter Matter General, to

24th December 1784 - - - 183-----

7th. To Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet, for 340 Days A1 lowance to Captain Cornelius Smelt, as French Secretary in the Island of S' Lucia, to 4th June

1780 - - - - 170 -

14th. To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 183 Days additional

Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1784 - 520 1 —

To Lieut. General Morrison, for 183 Days D°, as

Quarter Matter General to D® - - - - 520 1 —

To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Forces, from 17th July

1783 to 24th December following ... 1,207 10 —

To sundry D®, for D® in reviewing D®, in the Year

1784 -.....- - 2,600 5 —

To Major General Tho' Sterling, for 201 Days Pay,

as Major General in America, with One Aid de Camp, to 12th February 1782 ----- 502 10 —

26th. To Lieut. Thomas Hockley, of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for 182 Days Allowance for the Extra Expences he was put to in his Pafl’age to join the said Regiment in the West Indies, being ordered round by New York with Recruits for the Forces there - 45 10 —

A. 178

204,507 is 1

26 Geo. III.

170 Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

1785.

January 26th.

February 3d. 14th.

15 th.

16th.

17th. 19th-March 4th.

5th-

18th.

22d.

23d.

April 5th. Vox. 41.

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 3C6 Days Pay, as Iu-spe&or General of the Hospitals to the Forces in Great Britain, to 24th December 1784 -To Sir G. A. Eliott, for the Pay of sundry temporary extra Staff Officers, employed in the Garrison of Gibraltar - -

To G. Best, Esquire, for the Pay of sundry D° of the Hanoverian Troops, employed in D° Garrison To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of Fort St. Philip at Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December 1784 .

To Nat// Day, Esquire, to compleat his Pay, as Commifi'ary in Canada, for 145 Days, to 23d October 1779- - -

To Cana Alcxiano, late Assistant Captain of the Port of Mahon in Minorca, and Lieut, of the Greek Corps there, being an Allowance from the 23d February 1782 to lft September 1783, for his Services in the said I Hand and also for the Amount of Six Yea#* Half Pay as a Lieutenant in the said Corps - -

To IV. F. Hecht, Gent, for 214 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 30th November 1784 To the late Deputy Paymaster General, and the Officers and Clerks of the Pay Office, being an Allowance for making up and compiling the Accounts of the late Right honourable Chef Towns the Right honourable Lord North and the late George Cooke, and the late George Cooke and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, as late Paymasters General of the Forces . To Lieut. Col. Symes, for 147 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General in America, to 26th May 1783 To John Graigie, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 24th June 1783 To Major General Townsend, for Pay, as Superinten-dant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 17S4-To G. Esquire, to be paid over to One Major of Brigade of the Hanoverian Troops at Gibraltar, for 365 Days Pay. to 24th December 1782 To Lieut. Col. Andreas Emerick, for the Arrears of Half Pay, to 10th February 1785, and for the Value thereof, at Six Years Purchase -To Gregory Tozcnsend, Gent, for 182 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 24th June 1784 To General James Murray, to reimburse the Sums paid by him on Account of an Annuity to Lieut. General Johnston, for the Exchange of the Government of Quebec for the Lieutenant Government of Minorca, from 25th. December 1781 to 22d February

3 785 ....

To Geo. Fall, Clerk of the Stores, and late Paymaster of the Garrison of Goree, for Pay, as Overseer of the Works at the said Garrison, and for Rum distributed to the Men there -

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to

2d February 1785 - ....

To several Persons, for extraordinary Duty and Services performed by them in the Garrison of Goree To Anthony Kecht, Gent, for 577 Days Pay, as Acting Assistant to the Commissary General at New York,

to lft August 1782....

To Jd Farquharson, Esquire, for 114 Days Pay, as an

Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 24th December 1783

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 185 Days Pay, as D* in America, to 4th January 1785 -

C93 8 —

5,292 — — 2,465 10 —

346 14 — Co----

394 5 — 214----

1,760 10 —

47-----

547 *0 —

260 — 6

182 10 —

1,132 4 — 182 ——

961 18 3

127 4 —

460 — - —

774 -

577 — — 114 — —

,85-----

347

Army Extra-Duhnai ie*.

To

348 .

Dates of Warrant*

1785-

Army Extra- April 13th> ordinaries*

,16th.

May 3d.

11th.

20th.

25th.

June 14th.

27th.

29th.

July 8th.

13th-

27th.

36th.

August 13th.

19th.

170 Martiu

*To Sir H. Clinton, to be by him paid over to his Secretary, and Four Aids de Camp, for their Pay for 97 Days, to nth June 1782 -

To IVm Ford, for Pay, as Commissary of Provisions at Goree, from the 12th July 1782 to 25th December

»783 -

To Major Wm Gunn, for 623 Days Pay, as Commissary for disembarking and muttering the different Corps of German Troops, lately employed in America, to 16th March 1785 -

To Elias Ball, for a Balance of Pay, as late Colonel of Militia in the Province of South Carolina To Tho' Wallen, Esquire, for 369 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary of Mullers at Jamaica, to 24th December

1783 -

To D°, for 366 Days Pay, as D*, to 24th of December

1784 - -

To Arch* M. Brown, Esquire, for 563 Days Pay, as Barrack Master of the Island of S' Vincent, to 24th December 1779 -

To Nath1 Collyer, Esquire, Agent to the late 75th Regiment of Foot, to be paid over to the Representatives of the late Lieut. Fortye, of the said Regiment, for Pay as Quarter Master to a Detachment thereof, and to the Garrison of Goree, from 10th May 1779 to 10th October 1782 -

To Andrew Deveaux, to compleat his Pay, as Major of Militia in South Carolina, from lft October 1780 to 15th November 1781 -

To Jet Glenny, for Pay, as Chief Pilot to the Naval Armament on Lake Champlain, and the Rivers communicating with it and the maer S' Lawrence, in Canada, from lft August 1776 to 2d July 1784 To Th& Aston Coffin, for 366 Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st December 1784 To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1785 To Lieut. General Morrison, for 182 Days D*, as Quarter Master General to D° -

To Colonel Thomas Carleton, for Half Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1784 -

To Major General S. Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending tire Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 -

To Lieut General Jet Robertson, to make good the Difference of Pay of Commander in Chief in America, with Four Aids de Camp and One Secretary, and Pay of a Lieut General, with Two Aids de Camp, for 91 Days, from 4th February to 5th May 1782 To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut Governor of Fort S' Philip at Minorca, from 25th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 -

To the Commanding Officers and Barrack Masters at the Polls in America, for their Pay in the Year 1784 To J. W. Clarke, Gent, to compleat his Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America for 366 Days, to 21st 06lober 1784 -

To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 190 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in D°, to 31st December 1784 -To Eli Branson, late Captain of a Company raised for Service in North Carolina, for Half Pay, from 8th September 1777 to lft May 1781 To John Foote, to compleat a Warrant for 95/. 10$. for his Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces in Canada, from 17th June 1783 to 24th December following -To Nath Day Esquire, for 200 Days Pay, as Commissary in Canada, to 6th January 1785

£ * d.

242 10 —

133-----

1,246 ——

392 6 8

184 10 —

1/3 7 —

168 18 —

283 5 10 276 15 —

722 10 —

366-----

5>7 4 — 517 4 ~

250-----

258 12 —

682 10 —

344 16 —

684 14 8

233 8 2

190 — —

332 5 —

46-----

400 — —

A. 178 6.

To

Goc Ie‘

26"Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1785.

August 27th.

September 1 ft*

14th.

21ft.

26th. October 5th.

Nor. 10 th.

December 19th.

February 23d. 1784-

March 4th.

23d. April 7th. 28th.

[September lit. Nov. 17th.

December 17th.

31st. Vol.41.

III.

170 Myrtiu

349

To Major Jet Monro, of the late North Carolina Highland Regiment, for Half Pay, from 25th December 1781 to 24th October 1783 -

To J(f Christie, Gent for 254 Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 24th December

1783 - -.....-

To the Representatives of Col. David for his

Pay, as Brigadier General in the West Indies, for 158 Days, to 31st May 1781 -

To Col. Thomas Carleton, for One Half Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the province of New Brunswick, in America, to 24th June 1785 -

To Major General JVm Dalrym for 273 Days Pay, as Major General in America, with One Aid de Camp* to 23d September 1782 -

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 350 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in America, to 29th July 1785 To The Chisholme, for additional Pay, as Surgeon to

the Forces at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1781 to 29th June 1783 -

To Nicholas M'Loughlin, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Deputy Judge Advocate at Quebec, to 24th December 1784 -To Tho> Aston Coffin, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in North America, to 30th June 1785 -

To Captain AleJf Diram, for 202 Days Pay, as late Deputy Adjutant General, and Auditor of the Accounts of the Provincial Corps in the Island of Jumaica, to 13th July 1784 - -

To John Craigie, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 24th June 1785 -

To 365 Days Allowance to John Campbell, Esquire, as Governor of Newfoundland, to 5th May 1785

C J. d.

250 17 6

254 -

*37-----

250-----

682 10 — 525 -

276-----

69 6 9

181-----

212 2 — 547 10 — 518 12 6

To Sir Jn‘ Inglis, Bart, for Necessaries for the Forces in North Britain, and Money issued to the several Officers there - 1,038 16 8

To Sir John Inglis, Bart, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and Fort Charlotte, in the Island of Shetland, and the Barracks of Beraara, Inverfnaid, Corgaff, and Braemarr, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, from ift January to 31st December 1784 To Lieut. General Mackay, being so much- expended by him, on divers Occasions, for the Good of His Majesty’s Service in North Britain - -

To David Skene, Esquire, for the 53d Year’s Allowance for inspecting and superintending the repairing the Roads and Bridges in North Britain -To pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance to Christmas 1784, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland - -

1,418 6 9

300-----

500----

361 — 11

To General Camay, Governor of the Island of Jetfey, for Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces in the said Island, from 25th

March 1783 to 28th September following To Lieut Governor Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 25th June 1784 to 23d September following -

To Lieut. JVm Grant, for providing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Sick in the Hospital at South Sea Castle, from 16th February 1784 to 6th Jgne following -

To the Earl of Darlington, for Coals and Candles for the Forces quartered in the Garison of Carlisle, for the Years 1782 and 1783 -

64 .8 4

1

189 5 —

11

154 4 —

4 U

£, S. d. Army Extra-ordinaries.

39,145 8 id

&618 4 4

To

17* Marlii,

35°

Dates of Warrants.

Arniytxtra. 1785. ordinaries. January 20th.

26th.

March 4th.

14th. April 20th.

May 4th. 11th. 25th.

June 15th. July 20th. 27th.

October 5th. 19th.

To Etbeard Kent, Esquire, for providing Conls, Candles, Brooms, &c. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th April 1784 to 24th December following

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 5th April 1784 to 9th October following - -

To E. B. He la Fontaihtifor providing UtenfHs for the

Savoy Barracks, in the Ye&r 1784 -

To D*, for supplying Coats and Cdndles to additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in D*

Barracks, between 24th June imd 25th December

1784

To Lord Elphimtone, for plroviding Coals, Candles, &c.

for the Forces in Edinburgh Cattle, from 24th Sep* tember to 24th December 1784 -

To Major General Scoft, Deputy Governor of Windsor Castle, for One Yeas and a Quarter’s Allowance for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards in the said Cattle, to 24th December 1784 .

To , Lieut Governor Singleton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1784 -To A. Clinton, Esquire, on Actount, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock - - - .

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, Ac. for the Forces in Edinburgh Cattle, from 25th December 1784 to 25th March 1785 -

To Tho' Best, Esquire, for providing D° for the Forces in Dover Castle, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 17584 -To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candela to the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 10th October 1784 to 4th April 1785 -To General Conway, for Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th MaTch 1784 to 24th March 1785-To H. Henderson, for Utensils, Coals, and Candles, for the Forces at Hilfea and Fortfrhouth Barracks To W" Meny, Esquire, for the King's Proportion of

550 Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar, be-teen the 11th March arid 24th April 1785 To General Coneway, for Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 29th September 1783 to 24th of March 1784 To Lieut Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces at Landguard Fort, from 25th December

1784 to 24th June 1785....

To Mr. George Leith, for Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c. for the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from 25th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 To Edw* Kent, Esquire, for D* for foe Forces at Chatham Barracks, ffOm 65th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 -

To A. Clihtdn, Esquire, for D° for the Forces in "the

Citadel Of Plymouth, S' Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784 -To T)*, Tdr providing and repairing IJtenfils,. &c. . for the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from D* to D* ' -To E. B- He la Fontaihe, Esquire, for supplying Coals

and Candles to additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards in the Salfoy, between the 24th December 1784 and 25th Jui^e‘i7®5 To A fid few Clinton, Esquire? for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for foe Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, S' Nicholas Island, &c. from '25th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 -

To Jdshtfa Ddrwin, for providing D° for the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, frotai 13th Jkily 1781 to 31st of December following To ET, for providing D* for D°, from iff January 1I785 to 9th May following -

£. s. d.

899 10 8

103 — 11 119 18 10

271 3 8

186 15 6

29 12 —

104 3 2

500----

>79 7 6

692 6 6

292 17 3

56 — 7 563 7 7

852 10 —

37 8 —

104 2 2

144 — 2

706 19 to

86 15 — fc6o 15 2

279 5 8

54 7 4

76 11 6

45 10 —

A. 1786.

To

y

a6 Geo. III.

Bates of Warrants.

»7«5-November gth.

170 Martii.

To Nicholas Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th March 1784 to 24th March 1785 -To General Lord for Supplying Coals and

Candles for the Troops in the Ifrand of Guernsey, from 5th April 1785 to 12th Ofitober following December 22d. To Nicholas Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th March to 28th September 1785 -----?

£. s. d. 288 17 —

m 1 7

114 6 6

1784.

April 14th.

1785. February gth,

To General James Murray, to replace iundry Accoutrements of the 13th Regiment of -Foot, which were taken by the Enemy at S' Euftatius and S' Martin’s, in the West Indies, in November 1781 190 3 li

To Lieut. General Robertson, to replace sundry EK of the 2d Battalion of the 6uth Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the Enemy on the Surrender of the Island of S'Vincent’s, in 1779 268 1 —

18th. To General Jatnes Murray, for the Expence of the Accoutrements provided by him for the 13th Regiment of Foot, in lieu of those loft in the West Indies, as became fupemumerary on the Reduction in 1783, and unserviceable in Consequence of the Regulation of Sift July last, for a new Form of Accoutrements - 243 2 8

May 1 ith. To the Representatives of Sir James Adolphus

for the Expence of replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 31st Regiment of Foot, which were loft or taken in actual Service, between the lft July 1776 ~ and 3d May 1780 ---- 229 3 6

June 22d. To the Representatives- of L. G for the Expence incurred by him in replacing sundry Cloaks belonging to the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, which wore loft or taken on actual Service in America, between 25th ..... 1775 and 24th December

1781 - - - - 363 € —

To D*, for the Expence incurred by him in replacing

sundry Accoutrements of the said Regiment, which were taken by the Enemy, or destroyed 011 attual Service in D\ between the 25th December 17&0 and

24 June 1781.....- - - 428 12 2

To D°, for the Expence incurred by him in replacing sundry D* of D* Regiment, which were taken by the Enemy at the Capitulation of York Town - - 335 11 8

29th. To Col. Tho' Keating, to replace iundry Cloathing of the late 88th Regiment of Foot, which were loft on board L’Hector Man of War, when the foundered at Sea - - - - 499 3 11

July 13th. To Lieut General Tayler, for a Loss sustained in the

Cloathing of the 24th Regiment of Foot - - - 400 — r — -

Nov. 10th. To Col. Allan Maclean, of -the late 84th Regiment of Foot for Accoutrements belonging to that Corps, which were delivered up to the Men on the Regiment being difbaoded in America ----- 304 19 —

March 4th. To Major General Seott, for extra Cloathing frimished by him for the late 83d Regiment of Foot- - 139 18 3

July 8th. To Sir (George Howard, for the Expence inclined for Cloathing, Accoutrements, *and Ilorfe Furniture, for the additional Men and Hories of the lft Regi-ipent of Dragoon Guards - - - - r- 253 14

To the Representatives cf Lieut. General Preston, fior the Expence incurred for Cloathing, Accoutrements, and Horse Furniture, for the additional Men and Horses of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons - - - *6$ 2 *-

To |L. G. Johnston, for the Expence mourned /for Df, for the additional Men and Horses of the -1 ith Regiment df Dragoons 165 2 t —

To 'Major General Harcowt, for the Expence incunred for >D*, for the additional Men and Hories of the roth Regiment of Dragoons ----- 165 2 —

Voi- 41.

£. sd.

7,647 15 6

3,26a 3 to

To

Array Extra-ordinaries.

Army Extra-ordinaries*

35*

Dates of Warrants.

1785-

July 8th.

August 19th.

December 19th.

February 23d. April 20th.

July 13th.

27 th. September 7th. October 5th.

April 13th.

170 Martii. A. 1786.

To Lord Tcnrnshend, for the Expence incurred for Cloathing, Accoutrements, and Horse Furniture, for the additional Men and Horses of the 2d Regiment of Gragoon Guards - -

To Sir H. Clinton, for the Expetice incurred for D° for the additional Men apd Horses of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons - * - -

To Lieut. General Pitt, for the Expence incurred for D* for the additional Men and Horses of the 10th Regiment of Dragoons - - - - *

To Sir G. A. Eliott, for the Expence incurred for D* for the additional Men and Horses of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons -

To the Earl of Pembroke, for the Expence incurred for D* for the additional Men and Horses of the iff Regiment of Dragoons -

To General Carpenter, for the Expence incurred for D* for the additional Men and Horses of the 4th Regiment of Dragoons - -

To Lieut. General Johnston, for the Expence incurred for D° for the additional Men and Horses of the 6th Regiment of Dragoons -

To the Representatives of General for the

Expence incurred for D* for the additional Men and Horses of the . 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards - -

To Lieut General Robertson, for the Value of sundry Articles of Cloathing of the 16th Regiment of Foot, delivered for the Life of the Provincials in South Carolina - -

To Thomas Harley and Bell Lloyd, Esquires, for the Invalid Cloathing furnished by diem in the Year 1782 for an Augmentation of that Corps

£. s. d.

165 2 — 165 2 — 165 2 — 165 2 — 165 2 — 165 2 — 165 2 —

165 2 —

62 4 3 473 17 11

To Major General St. John, to make good deficient Off-reckonings of.

the 36th Regiment of Foot -To Lord Saye and Sele, in lieu of 292 Days Net Offreckonings of additional Private Men of the 9th Regiment of Foot - - - - .

To Major General lVynyard, in lieu of 242 Days D* of D* of the 20th Regiment of Foot -

To General Lambton, in lieu of 49 Days D* of additional Nori-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the .68th Regiment of Foot -To several Persons, to make good the Deficiency on the Assignments of Off-reckonings of sundry Regiments and Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, occasioned by Reduction or Disbandment in the Years 1781, 178:1, and 1783 -

To several Persons, to make good D* of sundry Independent Companies of Foot occasioned by D° -To Augustus Rogers, Esquire, to made good D* of the 44th Regiment of Foot -

To Sir Guy Carleton, in lieu of 242 Days Net Offreckonings of the additional Private Men of the 47th Regiment of Foot - -

84 12 8

99

6 —

82 511

26 10 —

19.992 9 5

5,221 8 2

204 3 11

82 511

To Sir Wm Boothby, for Forage Money to the 6th Regiment of Foot

during the Time the said Regiment was encamped in the Island of Jersey, in the Year 1782 - - - - 286 — —

To Major General Read, for D* to the 95th Regiment of Foot, during the Time that Regiment was encamped

in the said Island in D° Year - 286----

To Sir John Sebright, for D\ to the 18th Regiment of Foot, during the Time that Regiment was encamped in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey in D* Year - - - 240 18 —

To Major General Scott, for D# to the 83d Regiment of Foot, during the Time that Regiment was encamped in the said Islands in D* Year - - - - 332 11 6

s. i.

2,745 16 11

25.793 2 —

26 GeOvIII,

Dates of Warrants.

170 Marti.

353

1785-

April 13th. To Colonel Whyte, for Forage Money to the 96th Regiment of Foot during the Time that Regiment was encamped in Jersey in the Year 1782 -

£ d-242 -

January 28th. To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, upon Account, for sundry contingent Difborlements

for Hospitals, &c. - - - . - - - 1,000---- —

July 8th. To P*, upon Account for D* Service -- - - 1,000 — —

1784.

Pecember 31st.

*785-

January 5th.

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Adjutant General’s Office for Six Months, to 24th December

1784 - -

To Major General Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Matter General for One Year, to D*....

S. d. Army Extra-

ortiii.unes.

u:,$7 9 6

2,000 — —

14th.

26th.

February 25th. March 4th.

To Col. A. Williamson, for his Expences as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain for Oue Year, to 1)° - - - - ... To Lieut. General Morrison, for his contingent Disbursements as Quarter Matter General for Six Months, to

D°.....-,'r

To Lieut. Governor John Campbell, for the extra and contingent Expences peculiar to his Command a3 Lieut. Governor of Plymouth, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784 -

To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to enable them to reimburse the effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of 12 in the Pound, made from their Pay, for Twelve Months, to 24th December 1784 - -

To Major General Townsend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1784 To D*, being the Balance of his general Account of Expenditure, on D* Service, for Six Months, to D* -gth. To Major Rich1 Baily, to be paid over to Mr. George Lath, Junior, for Works done and Wares providefl for the Barracks at Deal - -

18th. To Major General Manners, for Extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necefiaries for the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. of the late 19th Regiment of Dragoons, while attending the Royal Family -

April 6th. To John Gore, Esquire, for Necefiaries for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, and for Lamps lighted on Tower Hill, for Six Months, to Lady Day

1785.....

20th. To Mcflrs. Douglas and Lawrie, for the Allowance of Bread Money to the late 104th Regiment of Foot at Guernsey, from 25th December 1782 to 10th July 1783 " - -

To Lieut. General for his contingent Expences during his Command at the Camp at Harwich in the Year 1782, and for Hire of Ground for Encampments, and Damages thereon, in the Years 1781 and 1782 -

May 1 ith. To Mofirs. Jit and Coutts Trotter, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces - - - .

To D*, for providing Tents and Camp Necefiaries for the Use of the Forces at Windsor Forest To General Lambton, to be by him paid over to IV" -ninghame and Rich*Stephens, for the Passage of the 68th Regiment of Foot from Portsmouth to Jersey and Guernsey, in October 1784 - -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, &c. several Acts of Parliament, and Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Forces, Vol. 41. 4 X

265 5 —

214 4 —

»54 4 —

133 3 —

103 3 -

00 Cl 00 <0

224 6 2

241 5 4

256 17 2

413 12 —

616 13 2

307 11 —

955 10 6

345 18 ,1

140 18 —

129 3 —

delivered

Army Extra ordinaries.

354 170 Mariil

Dates of Warrant*.

17S5. delivered to the Secretary at War for the Use of the

Army -

May 25th. To Major Rich* Baity, for his Expence and Trouble during the Time he was employed upon the Public Service; viz. from 10th January to 20th May 1785 -31st. To Messrs. Adey, Cowley, and Read, to reimburse their Expences on the Cloathing for the 41st Regiment, and 36 Independent Companies of Invalids, in the Year 1783 -

June 15th. To the Representatives of the Earl of for the

Marches, &c. of the 78th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -To D#, for D# of D* Regiment, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

2 2d. To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1785, a progressive lift of Com- > missions of the Officers of the Army, and for a new Lift transcribed in 1784 -

July 6th. To Lieut. General Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of the Adjutant General, for Six Months, to 24th June 1785 -

8th. To Francis and John for Expences incurred

by them in the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland in the Years 1783 and

»784 ....

To Lieut General Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Matter General, from 25th December 1784 to 24th June 1785 -

13th. To Major General Townsend, for his D* as Inspector General and Superintendent of the Recruiting Service, from D® to D® -To D*, being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures on D® Service, for Six Months,

to D®....

30th. To Lord Rawdon; in Re-payment of Monies advanced to the 105th Regiment, previous to its being placed on the Establishment of Ireland - -

August 20th. To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials furmshed by him for the Forces in the'Year 1784 -September ift. To Mr. H. Callender, for Expences incurred by him in bringing some Dispatches written by General mand from Plymouth to London - -

October 19U1. To John Gore', Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1785 -

To D®, for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished by him for D®, for One Year, to D® -November 4th. To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to enable them to reimburse the effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of 12 in the Pound made from their Pay, for Six Months, to 24th June 1784 -

December 9th To the Assignees of John Maton, a Bankrupt, for the Balance of his Account as Contractor for furnishing the Troops encamped in England in the Year 1782, with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage -14th. To the Reverend JVm fVilmot, for Two Year's Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces Rationed there, to 24th December

1784 - - ....

17M.

£. s. d.

189 1 10

216 — 4

358 4 1

203 3 —

265 -- 8 f

154 4 —

265 5 —;

377 7 ~

184 4 — 1 230 *3 —

249 8 2 197 13 1

9*5 4 7 26 5-

335 5 10 81 17 4

i,i43 13 4 1,246 1 10 83 3 —

Dates of Sccry. at War* Letters.

1784;

June 26th. To Messrs. Cor, Cox, and Greenwood, Agents to the Earl of Darlington, on Account of sundry Demands on disembodying the Durham Militia - 380-----

To

-Gfeo. III. 17° Marta.

Dates of Sccry. at Wars Letters.

1785‘ r+

May 19th. To Messrs. Cooke arid Smyth, Joint Agents to the Corps of Invalids, on Account of certain 'contingent Services, but not immediately connected with these Corps -

L *

Dates of Warrants.

1785-

January 31st. April 5th.

28 th.

May 31st.

September lft.

Payments on Account of the -Forces in the Eidt Indies:

To lundry Persons, being-Suigedris of Ships belonging to the East India Company, for Medicines and Attendance on lundry invalids sent home

from Regiments serving in India. - - - - 60---- —

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Captain Show, for the Passage of sundry Officers of 'the ,36th and 5 2d Regiments of Foot on Board the Winterton Eall

Indiaman - 280-----

To pay D", drawn by the Commander of the Deptford Indiaman, for the Passage of lundry Officer's of the 78th Regiment of Foot on Board the said Ship ----- 210 — —

To pay D®, drawn by Jot West, Commander of the Dutton Indiaman, for the Passage of several Officas of the 36th, 78th, and 100th Regiments of Foot, 011 board the said Ship - - - 264 11 —

To Chat Cathcurt, Esquire, for 280 DbyS Pay, is

Quarter Matter General to the Forces in The East Indies, to 24th December 1784 - - - 280-----

To Lieut. Col. Douglas, as Commandant of ft Corps of Infantry lately serving in India, to be by him paid over to Two Officers, for their Pay as Adjutant and Quarter Matter to the said Corps - - 343 7 6

To Roba't Barton, Surgeon's Mate to the 42d Regiment, to make up to him the Difference of Regimental and Hospital Pay, from 17th February to 6th December 1782, he having been employed as an Hospital Mate in India for that Time - - - 58#®

To Mr. John Charlton, Agent for Regimental Hof-pitals, in Re-payment of the following Sums advanced by him to the under-mentioned Persons; viz*.

Mr. Dennis Considen, Surgeon to the Ship Pdr-poise, for Medicines, Necessaries, and Attendance for the Troop6 On Board the said Ship, from the 24th September 1781 to 24th January

1782 - - - - -40 -

Jn» Griffin, Surgeon of the Navy, for D® on 120 Siok Men of the I02d Regiment of Foot, on Shore at Rio de Janiero, from lft to 27th May 1782 -

- 50 — —

To Messrs. Meyrick, Agent to the 5 2d Regiment of Foot serving in India, on Account of Allowances in lieu of Poundage and Stoppages of the said Regiment, from the lft March to 24th June 1782 -

90 —

278 16 1

£. s.

14,310 15 3

Date of Treasury Letter.

1785.

July 7th. To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Thct Astey for his Pay, as Assistant Surgeon to the Troops at Bombay, for 639 Days, to 24th June 1784 - 239 12 6

To D®, Drawn by James Wharrie, for his Pay, as Assistant Surgeon at Sea to His Majesty’s Troops under the Command of Major General Meadows, for 31 Days, to 24th June 1781 - - - 11126

Vol. 41.

To

Army Extra-ordmauea.

i 70 Martii. 178

Army Extra*

ordinaiiei.

To the Agent of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 - 70 1 6

To D®, on Account of D* of D* Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - 859 15 6

To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D® of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 - - - - 35 14 —

To D°, on Account of Subsistence, Recruiting, and Contingencies of D*, for the Year 1785 - - - - 2,670 13 6

To the Agent of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Battalion serving in The East Indies, for the Year

1783..... 597 19 6

To D#, on Account of D* of D° Battalion,-for the Year 1784 - - - - 325 5 6

To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Battalion, for the Year 1785 - - -- - - 1,938 12 8

To the Agent of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 - - 31 10 —

To D°, on Account of D* of D* Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - - 1,486 12 6

To the Agent of the lft Battalion of the-73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Battalion serving in The East Indies, for the Yeas 1784 - - -- - 1,671 7 —

To D®, on Account of D® of D® Battalion,

for the Year 1785 - 2,580 11 6

To the Agent of the 78th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regimflpt serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1783 - - - 93 —

To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Poundage of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 - 179 5 6

To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the

Year 1785.....2,446 18----

To the Agent of the 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1783 - 106 4 —

To D®, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 109 16 —

To D", on Account of -D® of D* Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - - 2,148 17 —

To the Agent of the 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1783 - - - - . 53 15 6

To D®, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 442 7 —

To D°, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - 3,197 3 2

To the Agent of the 101st Regiment of

Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 - - - - 160 18 —

To D®, on Account of D* of D® Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - 4,468 — 8

To the Agent of the i02d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1783 - - - ' 42 14 ——

To

Googh

26 GeouIII

357

170 Martii.

To the Agent of the i02d Regiment £. s. d. £. s. d.

of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in The East Indies, for the Year 1784 i - 736 10. —

To D®, on Account of D* of D* Regiment, for the Year 1785 - - 3,359 13 10

------- rr- 29,729 8 10

To the Clothier of the 93d Regiment of Dragoons, for 366 Days Net Off-reckonings of that Regiment,

to 24th December 1784 - 2,257 M to

To D* of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D* - 3,129 11 7

To D* of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Battalion, to D® ----- - 2,238 15 9

To D® of the 52d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D®" . - 3,129 10 10

To D® of the iff Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of Ten Companies of that Battalion, to.D® - - - - 3,129 10 4

To D® of the 78th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D* - - - 3,129 10 4

To D® of the 98th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of that Regiment, to D® - - - - 3,065 9 7

To D® of the 100th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D* of that Regiment

to D®.....3,065 9 7

To D® of the 101st Regiment of Foot,

for 366 Days D® of that Regiment,

to D® - - - - 3,065 9 6

To D® of the i02d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D® of that Regiment, to D° - - - - 3,065 9 6

-------- 29,276 11 10

Vol. 41.

To the Agent of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of 244 Days Arrears of the Officers of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 - 636 11 5

To D* of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D* of that Battalion, to D® - - - 604 — 7

To D® of the iff Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot on Account of 244 Days D® of that Battalion, to D®.....825 7 11

To D® of the 78th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D* of that Regiment, to D® -To D® of the 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D® of that Regiment, to D® -To D® of the 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D* of that Regiment, to D® -To _D® of the 101st Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D* of that Regiment, to D® -To D° of die i02d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 244 Days D* of that Regiment, to D® -To D® of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to 24th December

1783....

77* 9 767 18 5 787 10 10 832 8 6 792 6 7

963 11 —

4 V

Army Extra* ordinaries.

To

35

i7* Ma

A. 1786.

Army Extra-ordinaries.

To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 290 Days Arrears of the Officers of that Regiment, to 24th December 1783 *

To D® of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D* of that Battalion, to D*

To D° of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 289 Days D° of that Regiment, to D®

To D® of the lit Battalion of the 73^ Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Battalion, to

D*....

To D* of the 78th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D* -To D® of the 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D* of that Regiment, to D°

To D® of the 1 ooth Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D°

To D® of the 101st Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D* of that Regiment, to D® -To D® of the i02d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D* -

£ d. 867 12 8 914 19 11

864 13 7

1,251 12 9 1,181 6 10 1*165 — 10 1,194 18 6

1.202 3 —

1.202 3 —

£ d.

£ * d.

16,826 15 6

77,944 1 3 638,662 12 4

N.B. — When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clqtbiers of fimdry Corps serving in The East Indies.

War Office, 17th March 1786.

Geo. Y

Towards

J

16 Geo. Ill

17° Martii

359

TOWARDS the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army, incurred and paid from 25th'December 1784 to 24th December 1785, may be applied the following Sums; >

Army Extra-ordinaries.

Amount of the Stoppages detained for Victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, Canada, and the West Indies, from October 1784 to October 1785 -

Amount of the Net Subsistence paid by Mr. Willi, Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, from October 178410 December 1785 -

Amount of the Net Subsistence paid by Mr. Boone, Deputy Paymaster in Canada, from October 1784 to October 1785 -

Amount of Refpits 1783 -

'Amount of the Net Subsistence paid by Mr. Phipps, Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, from October 1784 so December 1785 - ->*

Amount of a Sum of Money received by the Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, of General Sir George Augustus Eliott, on Account of the Subsistence of the Forces serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar ——

Cash received of Messrs. Cox and Co. in Repayment of Subsistence advanced to the 71st Regiment of Foot for 1782 ——

Ditto received of Ditto, being so much advanced by Mr. Poyntz to Lieut Colonel De Lancey, as late Adjutant General in America, upon Account -

Amount of Cash received by the Deputy Paymaster in Canada, being for condemned J*rovisions . sold by him, by Brigadier St.Leger's Instructions -

£. s. d.

18,315 10 7

12,009 4 i°i

10.737 3 3*

8,650 — —

7,646 17 Hi

5,072 10 6$

1,200----

650-----

436 14 11

Savings arising from Repayments of Off-reckonings, being Sums of Money repaid into the Paymaster General’s Office, "owing to a Warrant for deficient Off-reckonings being made for too large a Sum, in the Year 1783; vis.

For the lft Regiment of Foot Guards - 101122

2d - - Ditto - -- - 55 16 11

3d - - Ditto - -- -.....531611

And for sundry Independent Companies

211 6 —

645 16 —

6.5,575 4 11

War Office, 17th March 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Mariners, for the Year 1786.

Army

Eltimalei.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786 -

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse - -

Annual Allowance to Seven Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troop of Horse Guards, at 10 /. per Annum -

For Eighteen Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem

£. s. d. 172,666 10 5 74 2 10

70-----

189 6 9

Total

173»oooo-----

War Office, 17th March 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 41.

ESTIMATE

-jar*.

by

3<Jo 17* Martii. A. 178 6.

Army

Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1786.

Ptr Diem, For 365 Days.

20,094 Out-Pensioners, at 5 d.per Diem each, frofio 25th December £. t. £ * d-

1785 to 24th December 1786 418 12 6 152,798 2 6

401 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diem each ..... 21 1 — 7,318 5 —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each - - - - - 1 3 3 424 <5 3

20,526 ' I. 439 16 9 160,540 13 9

To the Collectors of Excite, for Payment of the Out-Pensioners, from

25th June 1785 to 24th December 1786 - - - - -To the Agent’s Clerks for D% from 25th December 1785 to 24th

December 1786- - - - 960 3,189

To the Agent of the Out-Pensioners, per Annum - 1,000

To the Rent of a House for Examination of Out-Pensioners - 200 — — 1,200

Total — - 164,929 >3 9

Towards defraying which, may be applied t^e following Sums; Out of the Poundage deducted by Act of Parliament from the Out-

Pensioners - ---- 1,200

The Amount of Poundage and Hospital, included in the Sums already voted for 1786, for the Two Troops of Horse Guards, Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and the

Three Regiments of Foot Guards ----- 9*837 ,7 6 11,037 17 6 153,891 16 3

To be deducted on Account of Pensions unclaimed, to 24th June 1786,

the Sum of- - - - 2,356 18 — -

Remains to be provided for - - - i5i,534 18 3

War Office,

17th March 1786.

Geo. Y

26 Geo. III.

170 Martii-

361

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Etcpences of the Arm7

Eftiuates.

said Hospital, for the Year 1786.

To Charge of the Pay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers ——

Cloathing for D* ——

Salary of the Governor, and other Officers, according to the Establishment ——

Board Wages and Table for D* - -

o 1 f Of Deputy Treasurer, by His Majesty’s Warrant

aries Secretary and Register, by D* -

Surgeon and Apothecary, for their Expenditures Ordinary Repairs of Chelsea Hospital -Extraordinary D* -

Tradesmen

Provisions and other Necessaries -Contingencies and Extraordinaries

Towards defraying the above Charge there may be applied, out of the Poundage, deduced by Act of Parliament from the Out-Pensioners -

Charge per Annum.

— /v

£ t. d. >,266 7

7 5

2,821 9 — 493 10 —

600----

300----

2,051 8 11

2.586 7 7i

£. t. d. 2,177 15 2|

3,314 19 —

9OO-----

2,100----

Remains to be provided for - £.

War Office, 17th March 1786.

4,637 16 6*

- 3,476 17 n

- 8,173 18 2

- 3,081 15 9

- - 27,863 1 9|

6,738 10 3*

- 1 21,124 11 6

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces*

for the Year 1786.

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th December 1785V/* M rn4 to 24th December 1786, being 365 Days -

Geo. Yonge*

War Office,

17th March 1786,

Vol. 41,

4Z

ESTIMATE

A. 1786

362 17* — 20° Martit.

Army

Eftiautm.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in die

Service of the States General, for the Year 1786.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786, both inclusive ——

War Office, 17th March 1786.

G. Yon

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till r

Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 20* die Martii

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

P ba r £ as.

Chatteris OIR Henry Peyton presented to the House, accord-Ferry Roads. ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbeach Saint , in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kipping’* Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Cross Roads, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act; of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading mom the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brcnchley, Horfmondsen, and by the Left

Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of and from

a Phi® near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stik Bridge, in the said Parish, and from

Uttderden Green, in M aforesaid, to Wanshutt's

Green, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingpofled'.

The Lord Westcote reported from the Committee Narberth^e. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Parcels of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, Mollcston, and in the Parishes of Narberth, and Robestone JVathan, in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bids of Inclosure, had been complied with"; ancT that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except (he Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at' about £. 7 per Annum, who either refused to sign the Bill, or, living out of the Country, could not be applied to; and That the whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax at 112/. per Armum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once reed throughout; m4 then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Wadhurit, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of &c. Road, an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of JFtdhurst, in the County of to the

Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden,

Marden, Yalden, and TVest Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was committted;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations , of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

%6 Geo. III. 20® Mar363

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

feoai A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders,

bridge, See. Pilots, Owners, and Matters of Vessels, of the ditFerent B"d Anglesey Ports of the County of , was presented to the

ttoads,&c. House, and read; Setting forth, That public Notice has been given, that a Petition wilt be presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea, between the County of Anglesey and the County of Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, at or near Porth Ferry; and that the proposed Bridge, or any other such Obstruction in that Water, would greatly impede and endanger the Navigation, and prove highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That, if the House shall give Leave that a Bill be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid, they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame.

Ditto. A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Merchants,

Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Pwllheli: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Corporation of Conway, Merchants,

Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Conway;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth. That the Prosperity of the said Boroughs in a considerable Measure depends on the Trade and Commerce they derive from the free and uninterrupted Navigation of The Menai, and the proposed Bridge, or any other such Obstruction in that Water, would greatly impede and endanger the Navigation, and prove highly injurious to the Petitioners, and all others having Commercial Intercourse with the said Boroughs: And therefore praying, That, if the House shall give Leave that a Bill be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid, the Petitioners may be beard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Timber Bridge over the Streights of Menai, from the County of Carnarvon to the opposite Shore in the County of Anglesey, and for making proper Roads to the said Bridge, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Plymouth A BUI to amend, and render more effectual, Two Poor. Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for letting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly.arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Fanshawe, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Von. 41.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Chetwor% Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosur®* Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pattures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable George , Esquire Crathome’*

(lately called George Crathome) and his Heirs Male, Name" to take and bear the Surname and Arms of T only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ' be, An Act to enable George Tasburgh, Esquire, (lately called George Crathome) and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Astley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hellftoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess.to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Rogers, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Sir IVnu Dolben presented to the House, according Oxford to Order, a Bill to amend, and render effectual, Two Canal. Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Shottery Common Fields; Common Meadows, Pattures, and Inclosure. other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 22. To leave out " Warwick" and insert " Worcester" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effec- Alloa tual, lb much of an Act, pasted in the Twenty-seventh Harbour. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as inposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of

Clackmannan,

30° Martii. . 17

Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Weymouth, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tec.Writ. t|ie derk Gf the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and combe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Gabriel Steward, Esquire, w ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Traders and Manufacturers in the Tedlars. city of Glasgow, and the Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Hawkers and Pedlars have been of very considerable Use in promoting, encouraging, and extending the Manufactures of this Country, by introducing them into Parts where they otherwise would not have been known; and that, under the Sanction of repeated Acts of Parliament, they have carried on their Trade, and engaged very considerable Sums, trusting that the Rights and Privileges granted by the Legislature would have been continued to them, but, by the 9th and 11 th Sections of an Act, passed in the lafit Session of Parliament, their Privileges are taken away, and unless repealed will reduce many Thousands of industrious People to Ruin and Beggary, not only without any Advantage to Government, but to the evident Prejudice of many of the Manufactures of this Country: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter under Consideration, and repeal those Clauses, or grant such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dover and The House being informed that Mr. Turner, from the Rye Har- Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

our*‘ he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order,

v An Account of the Number of Vessels entered Inwards and- cleared Outwards to and from the Ports of Dover and Rye, from the ill of January 1780 to the 31st of December 1784, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

' And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Eapers The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the

Ealf India United Company of Merchants of England trading to Affairs. the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Time and Manner of paying into the Company’s Treasury a Present of One hundred thousand Pounds, made by the Nabob of Oude to Warren Hastings, Esquire, for his private Use, but by the Court of Directors ordered to be paid into their Treasury, and the special Uses and Services to which the same hath been applied: And also,

08

N° 2. An Extract of the Particulars of that Part of the Company’s Accounts in Bengal commonly called Durbar Expences and Receipts, from the Year 1770 to the Year 1785, inclusive; dist each Year:

And also,

N° 3. An Extract of the Particulars of that Part of the Company’s Accounts, in the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay, commonly called Durbar Expences and Receipts, from the Year 1770, as far as the same hath been received; dist each Year, and each Presidency: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Times at which the several Accounts of the Annual Revenues and Expenditures of the Presidency of Bengal, in each Year, from the Year 1776 to the Year 1785, were transmitted to the Court of Directors, and Extracts stating the Reasons contained in any Dispatch from the said Presidency for withholding or delaying any such Accounts: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Correspondence and Proceedings relative to the Rohilla Prize Money: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Proceedings, relative to the

Conduct and Behaviour of the British Troops in the Province of Oude: And also,

N° 7. Copy of Proceedings and Correspondence relative to Revenues and Contraft of Opium since the Year 1782: And also,

N° 8. Copy of the 7th to the 15th Paragraph of a Letter from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council, dated 28th August 1782, relative to certain Military Arrangements, and the Proceedings had at Bengal thereon: And also,

N° 9. Copy of the Orders of the Court of Directors relative to any Suits to be instituted against any of their Servants, or any of their Banyans, and of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council thereon: And also,

N° 10. Copy of Proceedings and Dispatches of the Governor General and Council relative to the Grant of the Burdwan Poolbundy Contraft to Mr. Fraser.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

House!.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Right honourable Ld. Ducia t Francis Lord Dude, and his Issue, to take the Surname Nam*, of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Frauds Lord Dude, and his Ilfue, to take the Surname of More-ton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Dude.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloperdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in Newgate, on Del tors Behalf of themselves and others, and also of the Fugitives Petition*, beyond Sea, fyc.: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Wood Street Compter, in the City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Stourbridge

Cuiial.

British 1 uheries.

British

Turbot

Riihery.

British

Fisheries.

Regulating Rail India Affairs.

±6 Geo. III. ao° Martii. 3 65

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was presented to the lloul'e, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the Uiver Severn, near to the City of J To neater; and Setting forth, That such Canal will, by Means of ti:e laid Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, form a navigable Communication with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and and

Grand Trunk Canals, and, the Petitioners conceive, the same will be of great public Utility; and that, in case the said' Bill should pals into a Law, it may be necdTary that feme Alterations should be made in the Tonnage Rates and Dues, to be in future collected for Vessels navigated upon the said Dudley Canal Navigation, and passing from and into the said intended Canal: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law, and that such Provision may be made therein, for altering and regulating the Rates or Dues for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels navigated upon the said Dudley Canal Navigation, and passing from and into the said intended Canal as aforesaid, and as to the House fliull seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, upon the lith Day of May, the 27th Day of June, and the 14th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the Committee appointed in this present Session of Parliament to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Lob-Iters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Middleton be added to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation and Management of the Atfairs of the " East India Company, and of the British Possessions " in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East Indies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Vot. 41.

Question, by leaving out the Word " Wednesday," and inlerting the Word " Friday," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " nesday" ft and Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 55-

Tellers for Ihe Noes, (TJIC 1/ml 1

[Mr. Irancis: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of James Ferguson, Esquire, of Pitfour, Aberdeen was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Election of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the County of Aberdeen, came on at Aberdeen, on Tuesday the 28th of February last, and George Skene, of Skene, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the said Election; and that at the said Election, One Freeholder, who afterwards tendered his Vote for the Petitioner, was unjustly expunged by a Majority of those standing on the Roll, and sundry Gentlemen, who produced unexceptionable Titles, and claimed to be inrolled, were illegally rejected by the same Majority, and these Gentlemen likewise tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that clear legal Objections were offered so many Freeholders in the Interest of Mr. Skene, w'hich were disregarded by the same pretended Majority of the Freeholders, although they ought to have been expunged from the Roll, or excluded from voting, and the Objections stated ought to have been fultaiued; and that Objections were likewise offered to sundry Claimants in the Interest of Mr. Skene, which were disregarded, though they were well founded in Law, and ought to have been sustained, nevertheless the said George Skene, Esquire, has been returned as duly elected; and that the Number of Freeholders, actually on the Roll, who voted for the Petitioner, or tendered their Votes for him, under Protest, after having been unduly expunged, or unjustly rejected, exceeds the Number of those who voted lor Mr. Skene, at least when those in his Interest are deducted who were continued on the Roll, but ought to have been expunged, or who were unduly admitted thereto, or lay under Disabilities which incapacitated them from voting; from all which it appears, that the Petitioner was duly elected, and the Return ought to be altered accordingly: And therrfore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give such Redress therein as to them shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 9th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday, the 9th " Day of May," and inferring the Words " Thursday,

" the 27th Day of April," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tuesday, the 9th Day of May" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday, the 27th Day of April," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, tire 27th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

5 A. A Petition

1

Aberdeen

Election.

Chffier, &c. Heads.

3 66 20° Martii.^.1786.

A Petition of Sir Archibald Grant, of Baronet, Alexander Leith, of Freefield, Esquire, and John Taylor, Esquire, Purchaser of Part of the Estate of Belhelxie, Freeholders of the County of Aberdeen,

and having a Right to vote at the Elettion for a Knight of the' Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County of Aberdeen, on the 28th Day of February last, George Skene, of Skene, and James Ferguson, of Esquire, offered

themselves Candidates to represent the said County in Parliament; and that at the said Election One Freeholder, who afterwards tendered his Vote for Mr. Ferguson, was unjustly expunged, by a Majority of those standing on the Roll, and sundry Gentlemen who produced unexceptionable 'Titles, and claimed to be inrolled, but were illegally rejetted by the same Majority, also tendered their Votes for him: and that clear legal Objections, offered to many Freeholders in the Interest of Mr. Skene, were disregarded by the same pretended Majority, although they ought to have been expunged from the Roll, or excluded from voting, and Objections were likewise offered to sundry Claimants in the Interest of Mr. Skene, which were disregarded, though they were well founded in Law, and ought to have been sustained, and thus the find George Skene, Esquire, has been returned as duly elected; and that the Number of Freeholders attually on the Roll, who voted for Mr. Ferguson, or tendered their Votes for him, under Protest, after having been unduly expunged, or unjustly rejetted, exceeds the Number of those who voted for Mr. at least when those in his Interest are dedutted who were continued on the Roll, but ought to have been expunged, or were unduly admittted thereto, or lay under Disabilities which incapacitated them from voting; from all which it appears, that the said James Ferguson, Esquire, was duly eletted, and the Petitioners therefore think themselves much aggrieved, and apprehend that the aforesaid Elettion and Return in Favour of Mr. Skene is an undue Election and Return, and they flatter themselves, that the same will be deemed by the House null and void, and hope that the said Janies Ferguson, Esquire, will be found entitled to fit in the House as Knight of the Shire for the said County of Aberdeen: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Tirrte that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

' In pursuance of Two Atts, made in the loth and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions \\ ere ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons,. Papers, and Records, as shall he thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Lord be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Itoad from Floo Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South

03

End of fVilders-Pool Causeway, and from the Market 1 own of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester.

The Lord Penrhyn presented to the House, accord- Che (ter, See ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Hoads, in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of IVilders-Pool Causeway, and from the Market

Town of Frodsham to Ashton- Lane End, in the Tow;n-ship of Ashton, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Plantatioa Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee Co®6*-imported into England, from the lft of January 1775 to the 31st of December 1785; distinguishing each Year, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee imported into Scotland, from the lft of January 1775 to the 31st of December 1785; distinguishing each Year, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before (this House, an Rum and Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar Su6ar-into and from that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year ending at Christmas 1785, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Year ending at Christmas 1785, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Grain and Account of the Imports and Exports of all Grain and CorB-Corn to and from Great Britain, from the Year 1764 to 1771, and from 1781 up to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,. an Sinking Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of Fuad, the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of January 1786.

The House being informed, That Mr. Hugh son, Ditto, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Ex- *

chequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day o i January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

To

2 6 Geo. Ill

20° Martii

367

Gainsborough Bridge *c.

Lambeth, &c. Roads.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled;

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Dispolitioa

of Parliament, on the 5th Day of January 1786.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of

Parliament, on the 5th Day of January 1786, amounts to the Sum of -

s. d*

582,488 15 gi

Exchequer, the 20th Day of March 1786.

John Hug

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jury for > the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it hath been represented to the Petitioners, that building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near to the Ferry above Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, will be of gieat public Utility, by making a certain and safe Communication between the County of Lincoln and the Counties of Nottingham and York, which in its present State is ibmetunes impassable by Floods and Frost, and frequently very dangerous, the only Communication between those Counties from the Town of Newark to the River Humber, an Extent of Sixty Miles and upwards, being by Ferries acrose the River Trent; and that the Trade and Connections between the said Counties of Lincoln and York are very considerable, not only as to the Wool and Corn grown in the said County of Lincoln, but Cattle which are brought in large Numbers to the Fairs and Markets in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and for Want of a certain Communication such Trade and Intercourse are often interrupted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given not only for bringing in a Bill for the building a Bridge over the said River Trent, but that the same may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon, the Table.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees under Three several Acts of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Stmth-wark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the fejd Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Iloufo, of the 25th of Ajrril 1774, relative to Turnpike Rills, bad not been complied with, the Trustees not haying determined to apply to V01, 41.

Parliament for Power to include in the proposed Bill the Road describ^d in the said Petition, till after the Time limited for giving Notices, pursuant to the said Standing Orders, was expired; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; _ and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Theakston being examined, said, That there is a certain Piece of Road, containing in Length about Thirty Yards, lying between the South End of Black-friars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Grounds, at which Place the Road under the Care of the said Trustees commences, and the said Piece of Road is not included in any Act of Parliament. — And the Witness added. That it would complete the Communication with the said Bridge, and be of public Utility, if the said Road was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said recited Acts} and it would facilitate the Execution of the said Acts, if the several Powers and Provisions therein contained were consolidated, and reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dag and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for widening certain Parts of the said Road leading from Westminster Bridge towards Remington Common', for amending widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street Lambeth, to the Blackfriars Bridge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital, and for making and repairing a

Road from Marsh Street aforesaid, into the said Blackfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road, That they do

make

368 20° Marlil A. 1786/

make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road between the South End of Black friars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper , in the said Parish of Christ Church; and that they do also make Provision in the said Bill for reducing the said Three recited Acts into One.

Supply. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-five thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Two Shillings and Four Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, to the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Duties granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several Proportional Sums directed by the said Act to be applied to make good the Lois to sundry Funds, as also to make good to the said Sinking Fund the Loss occasioned by the Repeal of the said Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Sixteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Four Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 178;, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stim, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty thousand Three hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, Three Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year *778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-one Pounds, Five Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-one thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to makfe good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-three Pounds, Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Two thousand Five hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, Seven Shillings and Seven Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the .5th Day of July 1785, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1784-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in Coal Trade* the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Su/rey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and hithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mrnbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways *n4 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 3VIeaus‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by Papers the Directors of the East India Company, an Account ‘ffeecting of the Annual Profits arising to the Company from Affaire. Opium in Bengal, from the Acquisition of The Duanee to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal.

Ordered,

Tapers

ret peeling l.ast India Atfa'.s.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Militia.

Elections —

County

Voters*

Menal Bridge, and Anslt-fey Read.

0,6 Geo. III. ao° — ai° 369

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

the Directors of the East India Company, an Account Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To-

of the Annual Profits arising to the Company from Salt, morrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant from the Acquisition of The Duanee to the Date of the March. latest Advices from Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by the Directors of the East India Company, an Account of the Net Territorial Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, from the 30th of April 1771 to the 1 ft of May 1772, and from the 30th of April 1783 to the lft of May 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by Ihe Directors of the East India Company, an Account of the Supplies sent from Bengal to the several Presidencies in India, and to China, in Money, Goods, or Provisions; and of the Bills drawn upon Bengal, by the several Presidencies, from the tit of January 1778 to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending and reducing into One A dtof Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for building a Timber Bridge over the Streights of Menai, from the County of Carnarvon to the opposite Shore in the County of Anglesey, and for making proper Roads to the said Bridge;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Carnarvon; and allb, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Carnarvon; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen. Merchants, Traders, Pilots, Owners, and Matters of Vessels, of the different Ports of the County of Anglesey; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Pwllheli; and also, the Petition of the Corporation of Conway, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by Way of Reply.

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed; 4 Vo 1. 41.

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 21* (lie Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

PllAYElta.

THE Lord Delaval presented to the House, ac- Methley cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and in- Inclosur*. doling the Commons, Common Fields, Waites, and other5 Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Tima

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing* end inclosing the several Com- Crick, Sec. mons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich l"closure. and Southwingjieid, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,-in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, Hand of to whom the Petition of the Persons whole Names are St. Eufotius. thereunto subscribed, being Persons entitled to a Share of the Property captured at the Itland of Saint Eustatius, on Behalf of themselves, and all others entitled to the said captured Property, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direfiled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Lieutenants Henry Martin and George Lewis being examined, said, That they, together with the Petitioners, served on board the Fleets as Marines, although in the Army, and w ere present at the Capture of the Island of Saint Eustatius, in the Year 1781, and of the Property found' therein.

And it appeared to Your Committee, by Instructions sent to the Commanders in Chief of the said Island, dated the 30th of March 1781, that His Majesty relinquished, in Favour of the Captors, His Right in the said Property, upon the Conditions therein specified.

[Copy of which Instructions are subjoined to this Report.]

Then,

Mr. Martin being further examined, said. That by general Reputation Colonel Cockbume, Colonel Fer-gusson, Mr. Forster, Mr. Acres, the Reverend Mr.

Paget, and Captain Young, afited as Agents for the Navy and Army, to collect and dispose of the said captured Property, and accordingly possessed themselves of the fame. — He further said, That the Commanders in Chief were upon the Island at the Time, and that the Nomination of these Agents by them was confirmed by the Assent of the Majority of the Officers.

And being asked w hether any Part of the Property has been dispersed ? he replied, Yes; feme has been sent to Saint Kitt's, and feme* to England, but he does not

5 B know

37° 21° Martii. - A. ij86*

know that the whole Produce of the Capture is within :ius. the Power of the Agents, as lie has heard Part of it has been paid to the Commanders in Chief, and the Remainder is in Possession of the said Agents.

And being asked. Whether he meant, by dispersed, that the Agents dispossess’ed them (elves of the Property ? he laid, He meant that they allowed the Produce of the Sales to get into hands, were it was certain the Captors never intended it should be. — And being further asked, Whether any Part of the Property was put out of the Power of the Agents ? he anl’wcred. He coukl not say it was.

And being asked. Whether he does not conceive that the Agents are (till answerable for the Property, notwithstanding it is out of their Hands? he replied, Yes.

Being further examined, the Witness said, He believed, that at the Time of the Conquest, Saint,

tins was a free Port, and that there were Goods and Merchandize as well as Shipping found there, the Property of various Nations, for some of which Articles he has hpard there have been Claims, as to the Number or the Amount he could not speak to; but he has heard some have been given in Favour of the Captors, and some in Favour of the Claimants, and Rel'titution awarded — That about Six Months ago he heard that the Claims that were*, then depending and unadjudged were reduced to Four.

And being asked, Supposing no Adjudication to have pa<Ted on these Claims, are not. the Agents bound to hold the Property in their Hands for the true Owners, till the Suits are determined? he said, He should think so, to the Amount of the Property claimed, not the whole Property — That he is of Opinion the Agents have a Power over all the Property -in their Hands, except what is sufficient to answer the Claims now fubfilting — That lie always understood the Amount of the Property captured at Saint Eustatius was very great; and from general Rumour, at the Time of the Capture, was l’upposed to amount to 1,000,000l. Sterling; and he is of Opinion, that so much of the Money as is not in Dispute ought long since to have been distributed — That he never heard the Amount of the Capture after the Island was retaken by the French, but he never understood that the re-captured Property was any Thing very considerable.

And being asked, From whence he deduced an Opinion, that after the Claims that are made have been satisfied, there will be any Surplus remaining ? he answered. From the Property itself being, as he conceived, so great originally, and from his never having understood that Half of the captured Property was claimed.

Mr. Richard Tromard, who’ is Agent to the Petitioners, being next examined, informed Your Committee, That he made Application by a Bill in Chancery, at the Request of the Committee of the Army, for an Account and Distribution, against the Commanders in Chief, and the Agents for the captured Property — To this Bill Answers were put in, ltating Accounts therein of Monies received and disposed of, and shewing that great Part of the Property had been sent to different Places to be disposed of; but it does not appear by the Answers that any Account was given of the Produce of the Property so fqnt, nor has any such Account been since given, nor as any Part of the Property, to his Knowledge, been distributed; therefore no effectual Information has been obtained. — The Bill was filed in Trinity Term 1783, by Charles Ruskj Robert Garstin, and on Behalf of themselves and others present at the Capture, against Lord Rodney, General Vaughan, Janies Cockburne, Joseph Fergusson, Forster,

Acres, and William Paget; and the Answers of the Defendants, as appeal s by the Witness’s Copy of the Plead-

ings, were put in at thq following Periods; Lord Rodneys, 10th November 1784 — General Vaughans, 21st July 1784 — Mr. Forsters, 29th 1783 — Mr.

Forster's further Answer, 16th 1784 — Mr.

burne's, 24th February 1784 — Mr. Paget's, 6th November 1784 — Mr. Fergussons, 9th 1783.

And being asked, Whether he never heard that there were regular Agents appointed in England to transact the Business of the Captors? he replied, Never to his Recollection, nor did lie ever esquire who had transacted their Business in the Admiralty Court for Condemnation of the captured Property; but Mr. Jackson told him he had a Sum of Money sent to him — That he does not recollect that Mr. Jackson told him he afited in the Capacity of an Agent,

nor did the Witness consider him as such.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Jackson communicated to him the Amount of the Money transmitted ? he answered, That upon perusing the Answers, and finding Mr. Jackson's Name mentioned as having received a large Sum of Money, he had it in Contemplation to amend the Bill, and make him a Party Defendant — That the Witness sent to Mr. Jackson upon the Subject, who called upon him at his Office, and acknowledged that he had a large Sum of Money in his Hands, which he did not wish to keep; and that if the Witness chole to make him a Defendant to that Bill, he would immediately put in his Answer, and dispose of the Money as the Court should direct- — That the Witness at this Time looked on Mr.:

as the Private Agent or Banker for those from whom he received the Money, and that he was accountable to those Persons, and they answerable to the Captors t and though he talked of making Mr. Jackson a Defendant in the Suit, he did not know he should be. able to charge him with the Sum in his Hands, as between the Plaintiffs and him — That he does not recolless't that Mr. Jackson told him he was Agent; for any Body j nor does he know from whom he said he received the Money — That he understood, from the Converlation he had with Mr. Jackson, be approved of being a Party; and if he had become a Party to the Bill, the Witness has not the least Doubt. but he would have submitted to the Jurisdiction, and have paid the Money in his Hands in the uiual Way. into Court, upon Application being made for that Purpose — But the Witness did not conceive it necef- ’ fary to do that to secure the Sum remitted him, as it was his Opinion that those who remitted it to him. were answerable for it, whole Security he supposed equally good; and he thinks it would not have been the best Way for the Benefit of the Captors, that that Sum, or any other Sum of Money, should get into the Court of Chancery, because, before a Decree could be obtained, the Proceedings leading to it would be extremely tedious; and the Proceedings in the Master’s Office after the Decree, to get the Money out again to the individual Captors, must be still more tedious, as every Man’s Claim must be ascertained, though ever so final], before the Court of Chancery could part with it; and the Expence attending the Application to obtain it, in the same of a Soldier or Sailor, would probably amount to more Money than his Share of the Prize.

And being asked, Whether at the Time of filing the Bill, he was aware of the Tediousnels of the Process? he said, He was; but to get. a Discovery of the Property he thought it necessary to file the Bill, as being the only Means of procuring a Discovery upon Oath ;. and as he knew that the filing a Bill for a Discovery, without praying something more, would be attended with the Inconvenience of throwing the whole Colts upon the Party complainant, it was a Matter of Course. to pray Distribution, though at the same Time he did not suppole a Distribution would ever be made upon a Master’a Report.

16 Geo. III.

21 Mar tii.

37*

And being asked, Supposing the Discovery to be obtained, and the Plaintiffs afterwards had chosen to drop the Suit and not proceed in it, would they not have been liable to Costs? he replied, Certainly J tinless Terms could have been made with the Defendants.

Being further asked, When he found the Answers the several Defendants had put in did not contain a complete Discovery, no Account having been therein given of the Property that had been dispersed, did or did he not except to those Answers? he laid, With respect to Mr. Forster, he put in a Second Answer, but whether it was in consequence of Exceptions he can- not tell; the other Answers he believed were not excepted to.

And being asked, Whether he could not, by excepting to the Answers, have had a more complete Discovery of the dispersed Property? he replied, To the belt of his Recollection, such an Exception would not have held to the Answers, because the Answers say, that as to the Property dispersed they cantiot give an Account thereof.

And being asked. If he knew of Suits having been jnstituted in the Admiralty Courts ? he said, He has heard there are many, some disposed of, and some un-disposed of; but he never heard from the Petitioners how many Claimants had put in their Claims in those Courts.

Being further asked, If he knew of any feigned or improper Delays made use of by any of the Defendants, io as to procrastinate this Cause ? he said, Before the Answers were put in there were Delays, and the Process for Contempt was taken out for those Delays; since the Answers were put in (the last of which was in March 1785) there have been no Proceedings w hatever, to his Recollection, on the Part of the Pluintiffs or on the Part of the Defendants.

And being asked, -If he saw any Thing in this Cause, as it now stands, that stop the Proceedings of Replying, any more than in any other Cause that may be now before the Court of Chancery; and if there are such, Whether they arise from any Acts of the Defendants ? he answered, That the Objections to replying in every Cause muff depend upon its particular Circumstances — That in this Cause, before Replication can be filed, the Bill must be amended, other Persons made Parties, and a Variety of Matter ought to be investigated, that has come to the Knowledge of the Plaintiffs since filing the Bill; but the not replying does not arise from any Acts of the Defendants.

And being asked, Whether there was not a complete and satisfactory Explanation given by Colonel Fergusson why his Answers were not sooner put in? he replied. No, not to him or to his Knowledge; nor does he recoiled to have heard of any private Circumstances happening in Colonel Fergussons Family to have prevented him from so doing.

And being asked, Whether Colonel 9 An-

fwer, when put in, was not acknowledged by the Plaintiffs to be full and satisfactory? he said, He did not know that the Plaintiffs acknowledged it to be so; but he acknowledged it to be what is called a full Answer, but not satisfa&ory, because it did not render mi Account of the Produce of the dispersed Property, which he conceived ought to have been within the Knowledge of all the Agents, though he does not know that Colouel Fergusson could have given that Satisfaction.

Being further asked, Whether he does not know that there has been a general Condemnation in the 'Court of Admiralty of all the unclaimed Property taken at Saint Eustatius, so as to preclude all further Claims to be now given in? he replied, No; and this is the first Time he ever heard of it; nor does he Vox- 41.

know what Proportion the Amount of the Property Mnndof1 claimed bears to that in the Possession of the Agents S». liuAatias* from the Capture, never having heard the Amount of the Claims.

And beitig asked, Whether he can say frofn his own Knowledge, or from any and what Information, that after the Claims and Costs are fully satisfied there will beany Surplus? he said, Of his own Knowledge, he knows nothing of it; but the Expectations of h:s Employers are, that there will be a considerable Surplus.

And being asked his Opinion, Whether the Agents would be justified in distributing any Part of the Produce of the Capture, before all the Claims and Costs were fully adjudged and satisfied ? he said. He thinks they would be justified in distributing all the Property . in their Hands or Power, beyond the extent of the Claims; but his Employers never required, to his Know ledge, an immediate Distribution, they only desired the Money should be impounded.

And being asked. Whether he does not know that the chief Part of the Money arising from the Capture of Saint Eustatius is already vested in the Bank ? he answered, He never heard that any Part was lodged there; and his Idea always has been, that the chief Part has not been collected.

And being further asked, Whether the Answers mention the Number of the Suits? he replied, Yes — and states from Mr. Paget's Answer, which was put in in November 1784, that there are 64 Suits — that 23 only are heard; 9 only fully decided; and, from Sentences,

4 out of 9 have been appealed from — By the Answer of Mr. Forster, he claims to retain 4,950 /. Currency, for Commission; and by the Answer of Mr. he claims to retain 2,700l. Sterling — That he thinks other Sums are claimed by some of the other Agents, but he cannot recollect the Particulars.-

Being asked. If any Industry has been used by the Agents for procuring an Account of the dispersed Property? he replied. Not that he knows of; and if the Accounts had been obtained, he conceived it would, have come to his Knbwledge.

The Witness further states, That it appears by the Answers, that Six Agents were appointed by the Captors, besides Two Gentlemen; namely, Mr. Jackson and Mr. Lloyd, who were appointed by One or both of the Commanders in Chief.

And being asked, By whom were the Petitioners informed that an effectual Account and Distribution of the Property could not be obtained in the Common Course of Judicial Proceedings? he replied. By their Coupfel and Agent in the Chancery Cause.

And being further asked, Whether he does not know that the Court of Admiralty, or the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, would, upon Application and fufBcient Cause shewn, have ordered the Agents to bring into the Court all the Money that was in their Hands? he said. He was a total Stranger to Proceedings in that Court; nor did he endeavour to inform himself thereof previous to the filing of the Bill.

And being also asked, Whether he does not know or believe that the Court of Admiralty, and the Lords Court of Appeals, have Power to compel the Captors to give in Inventories of the Property captured which is come to their Hands or Knowledge; and whether the Lords of Appeals have not already ordered Inventories to be given in ? he replied, I le does not know that such is the Practice, but supposes it is; nor does he know that the Lords of Appeals have given such Orders.

APPENDIX.

I (land of

Sandwich, fee. Small Debts.

Stourbridge

Canal.

372

210 Martii. 1786.

APPENDIX.

INSTRUCTIONS for Our trustyand well* beloved Sir George Bridges Rodney, Baronet, Admiral and Commander in Chief of Our Naval Forces in the Leeward Inlands; and the Honourable GEORGE R. M ajor General rnghan, Commander in Chief ot Our Land Forces in the said Islands. Given at Our Court at James's, the Thirtieth Day of {L. S.) March 1781, in the Twenty-

first Year of Our Reign.

Whereas, by the Blessing of God upon your prompt and vigorous Execution of Our Orders, you have obtained Possession of the Dutch Blands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and thereby, and in consequence

thereof, captured a large Number of Ships and Vessels, Merchandize, Naval and Military Stores, Provisions, and other Effects, the Property of the Enemy, which by Law appertaineth unto Us, in virtue of Our Prerogative Royal: But We, being graciously disposed to reward the Zeal and Bravery of you Our said Commanders in Chief, and of Our Land and Sea Forces under your respective Commands, employed upon thele Services, and to encourage all others Our Forces and their Commanders to pay the like ready and punctual Obedience to Our Orders, and to exert their utmost Vigilance, Alacrity, and Intrepidity in the Execution of them. Do relinquish, and have hereby relin-quished, all Our Right, Title, and Claim, to the said Ships and Vessels, Merchandize, Naval and Military Stores, and other Effects, of the Enemy, so captured by you Our said Commanders in Chief, and Our Land and Sea Forces under your respective Commands (except only the Whole of the Provisions, and the Ordnance, Arms, Ammunition, and other Military Stores, provided for the Defence of the said Islands, or which may be judged necessary by you and Our Engineer for that Purpose, which have been found therein) the same to be for your and their sole Use and Benefit, to be divided in such Manner as We shall hereafter direct and appoint; laving always to the settled Inhabitants of the said Islands, the Possession of their Lands, and Produce thereof, Houses, Slaves, Cattle, Furniture, Utensils, and Stock, that shall be found thereon, as also all such Effects as shall be proved to be the Property of British Subjects, lawfully exported thither, or which may lawfully be imported into Great Britain from thence.

G. R.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Ville of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, IVaimer. Ash, , fVingham, Staple, Goodneslon, Chillenden, Nonnington, otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, otherwise Worth, Elmeslone, Preston, Ickham, and in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard Mr. Brett &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition *of the Right honourable George Earl of Shrewsbury, and the humble Petition of the several

other Persons whose Names ate thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Iron and other Works, and Manufactories, Lands, or Estates/ situate between Stourbridge, in the County of Wor* ccster, and the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner* are informed, Application is making to the House for a Bill to make a new Canal Navigation, from and out of the Stourbridge Canal, to communicate with the River Severn, at Diglis, near the City of Worcester;

and that, below the Liue of the said intended Canal, there are a great Number of Forges, Iron Works,'

Corn, Needle, Paper, Cotton, and other Works, at which are caried on very extensive Trades, and many large Sums of Money have been expended in planting and establishing such Works and Manufactories, and not only the greatest Part of the Property of many of the Petitioners has been, rifquea therein, but the Support and Maintenance of a large Body of Manufacturer* and Labourers depend on such Works; and that there are also large Tracts of Landed Property, below the Line of such intended Canal, naturally sandy or barren Soil, but which, with much Labour and Expence, have been improved, and now converted into valuable Meadow and Pasture Ground, by Means of floating and turning thereon the Waters, Streams, and Land Floods, flowing from the Hills above the Line of the said intended Canal; and that the present Supply of Water, even in wet Seasons, is barely fuffieieat for the necessary Uses of the said Forges,

Mills, Works, and Lands, and, in case the said intended Canal should be made, the same must un-s avoidably intercept great Part of the Land Floods,

Springs, and Waters, which are the main Source and Support of the Brooks and Streams running to and supplying the said Forges, Mills, Works, and Lands, with Water, which wifi very much injure, if notren-; der useless, such Forges, Mills, and Works, and thereby ruin and destroy the beneficial Trades and Manufactories dependent thereon, as well as greatly reduce in Value the Landed Property; and that there has been already completed, at a large Expence, a much nearer Canal Conveyance, and Communication, from and ont of the said Stout'bridge Canal, to the River Severn, than that proposed by the intended Bill, which is fully fufikient to answer all the Purposes of Water Carriage to the Severn; and that no Public Meeting hath been called, to consider of the Expedient or Utility of making such new Canal, and tile Petitioners conceive, that the same is projected to answer the private Views of Individuals only, and that no public Advantage can polfibly be derived therefrom adequate to the Injury which the Manufactory and Trade, as well as the Landed Property in the Neigh- hour hood, will sustain from cutting such Canal, and fiipptying it with Water: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of the teveral Persons whose Names are St<mrbri<W thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Canal. ° Lands and Estates through which a Canal is intended to be made, from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River Severn, at Diglis, near Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said intended Canal, if made, will totally destroy a large Quantity of valuable Land, and otherwise materially injure the Estates and Properties through which the same is intended to pass; and that no public Meeting hath been called, to consider of the Expediency or Utility of making such Canal, and the Petitioners conceive the same calculated for the private Emolument of Individuals, and not for public Advantage, and the Petitioners, sensible of the great Injury their Estates and Properties must.

04 unavoidably

6 Geo. III. 21° Mariit.373

unavoidably sustain, if the Scheme of making such intended Canal is carried into Execution, do hereby declare their Difient thereto: And therefore praying, That the House will not permit the Bill'for making such Canal to pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves and Counsel against the fame. Stourbridge A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the c"ial* Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was

also presented, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by.' qn‘-A®, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Mujcfffy/the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable CamtV’ froin the River between

Bezvdley and Tilton Brook, in the County of to

cross the River Trent, at or near Mill, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with The Trent and Mersey Navigation; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have completed their Navigation, and in making the same have expended a very large Sum of Money, and the Public have received great Advantages from the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners under and a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the River Secern, near the City of Worcester, which Canal will not afford a shorter, cheaper or more expeditious Navigation, from the said Stourbridge Canal to the River Secern, than that already accomplished by Means of the Petitioners said Canal; and that the Canal proposed by the said Bill will run nearly parallel with the present Navigation, from its Commencement to its Termination, and will neither open a Communication with any new Mines or new Markets, nor afford a cheaper, nearer, or more expeditious Conveyance of Goods or Mer-. chandize, between the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, or any of the intermediate Manufactories,. Towns, or Places, or of Coals for the Supply of any of the adjacent Counties, than is now opened by the present Canals and Rivers, and will be completely effected by the Improvements intended to be made in the said River - Severn; and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Estate, Interest, and Property of the Petitioners, will be greatly injured and ditninished, without affording any real Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Dio*. A Petition of the Inhabitants of Stourport, in the County of Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for making a Canal from a Part of the Stourbridge Canal, within about Two Miles of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, to Diglis, below the City of Worcester', and that the Petitioners, upon the making the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, which communicates with the River Secern, at Stourport, conceiving it a Place well calculated for Business, have erected divers Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings there, for their Habitations, and the Exercise of their respective Employments, and in so doing have expended most Part of their Fortunes, to the Amount of 30,000 /. and upwards, in Hopes to have acquired a competent Livelihood for themselves and Families, but, if the said intended Canal to Worcester shall take Place, the Petitioners are apprehensive they shall be greatly injured thereby; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill will be brought into Parliament this present Section, for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the said City of Worcester, and, the Petitioners conceive, the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn will be of the utmost public Utility, as a regular and easy Vol. 41.

Communication will be thereby effected between the principal Sea Ports and Trading Towns of this Kingdom,' and that the Community will receive therefrom every Advantage, and many more than they can receive from the said intended Canal to Worcester, wherefore such intended (’anal will not only be injurious to the Petitioners in the highest Degree, but will, in their Opinion, as to the Public, be unnecessary and useless: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the said intended Canal may not pals into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Bill.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Bo- Stourbridge rough of Droilwich, in the County of Worcester, and Caua1, also of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is, or is intended, to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation, to communicate with the River Secern, at Diglis, near Worcester, and also for making a collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, to communicate with the Droitxcich Canal; and that there hath been already completed a more short and expeditious Canal Conveyance from and out of the said Stourbridge Navigation, into the River Secern, than that proposed by the Promoters of the said intended Bill, and the Public have been greatly benefited thereby, and there has also been made another Canal from the River Severn, into the said Borough of Droitwich, for the Purpose only of supplying such Borough with Coals, and conveying the Salt made and manufactured therein down the Severn to the different Markets, and which is now called The Droitxcich Canal; and that the Petitioners are in-< formed, the Undertakers of the said intended new Canal, in order to create a Monopoly, have contracted and agreed to purchase the Shares of the Proprietors of the said Droitu'ich Canal, and mean thereby to impose a Toll on all Coals passing out of their intended Cana), down the said intended collateral Cut (which will only be about a Mile and an Half in Length) more than, of at least equal to, the Tonnage now paid on all Coals passing the whole Length of the said Droitxcich Canal, which the Petitioners conceive will be partial and unjust, and in the greatest Degree burthenfoine to them; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Views of the Projectors of the said intended Canal are to create a Monopoly in the Coal Trade in Favour of particular Persons, and that they mean to attempt an Allowance of partial Tonnages, in Favour of particular Places, to the great and immediate Prejudice of the said Borough of Droitxcich, and of the Salt Trade in particular therein established; and that the said Scheme has been carried on privately by the Projectors thereof, and without calling any public Meeting, to consider of the Necessity or Utility of making such Canal; and the Petitioners apprehend, if the said intended Bill should pals into a Law the same will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, but also to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester', be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, ‘ by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard,

5 C

374

21° Martii. A. .178(5.

Stourbridgt

Cuaal.

Ditto*

Spittlegato Hill Hoads.

fcarton

Waterside House Hoad*

Great

Griailby

Hoad.

at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Owners of Lands and Tenements, Proprietors of Salt Works, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Droituich, in the County of fWorcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the Hotife; and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, at Digits, near the City of and Setting

forth, That the Town of Droitand the Proprietors of Salt Works there, consume at least 14,000 Ton of Coals Yearly, and, if the said intended Bill shall pals into a Law, it will bring an iimnenfe Body of Coal from fresh Mines, together with all the old oues, into Market, and be a Means of reducing the Price of Coals, and consequently of great Benefit to the Borough of and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of , whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That opening the intended Canal to the deep Water in the Severn will be attended with considerable Advantage

to Trade in general, but particularly to those Towns and Counties on each Side of the Bristol Channel, and amongst others it will benefit the City of , inasmuch as it will prevent Delays and additional Expences of Carriage, which now- occur in dry Seasons from the bad Navigation above the City of And therefore

praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. '

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act» made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spilt legate Hill to Foston Bridge^ in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge " Comer, and several other Roads, in the County of

Lincoln, therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrazioy Bar and Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the , B*U be committed to Sir Thorold, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or 03

" near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold " Newton Church, and from Nunns Farm to The " Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Severn the Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occupiers Navigation of Lands, Mills, Iron Works, Founderies, Coal Mines,

Lime, and other Works, adjoining or lying near to the River Severn, in the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Worcester, and also, of the Merchants, Manufacturers,

Barge Owners, Traders, and others, interested in the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ets followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Mathews being examined, said, That the Navigation of the River Severn is in several Places much obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, by Means whereof great Delays are occasioned in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize on the said River, to the Detriment of Trade and Commerce — That the Witness had, till within a Fortnight, large Iron Works and Founderies for Cannon upon the River, and has experienced the Inconvenience — That he is well acquainted with the Navigation between Meadow Wharf and Digits, and the Nature of the Trade upon the Secern — That there are very extensive Founderies, Iron Works, and Coal Mines, and the Commerce carried on between the Northern Counties and Bristol is very considerable — That on Account of the imperteft State of the Navigation, for want of a sufficient Depth in the Shallows, the Trade suffers frequent Delays, which is productive of great Inconvenience and Lois — That the Witness has sustained a Lois of 500 /. per Cent, by being obliged to fend Cannon for the life of Government by Land Carriage, at a Time when Vessels could not move for want of Water in the Severn, and Government have very often been put to great Inconvenience, by not having their Cannon iu lime — That Cannon call in that Neighbourhood have been proved at Woolwich superior to those cast at any other Foundery in the Kingdom, and are also sent in much larger Quantities — That iu dry Seasons Vessels cannot move on the Severn for 2 or 3 Months together; and the Witness has known more than Ten Instances when loaded Coal Barges, drawing between and 4§ Feet Water, could not proceed on their Voyage for Five Months at a Time, for Want of a sufficient Depth — That he has known when an empty Vessel could not swim in the River, which was the same for a Month or two last Summer — That the Average Depth of the Shallows below Coal-brook Dale, was from 16 to 12 Inches, for 2 or 3 Months last Summer — That he has known the River as shallow in other Summers, but not for so long a Period; and he said he meant those Shallows between Dale.

and Stourport.

That various other Goods are conveyed down the Severn; viz. Potteries, Manchester Goods, Coals, Lime,

Iron, Lead, and Navy Timber; and also great Quantities of Salt from the DroitwichCanal, both for Sale and for Government’s U fe — That the returned Carriage

from

t

t

26 Geo. Hi. 210 Martii.

Carriage from Bristol supplies the interior Parts of the Country, bordering upon the River, with Groceries, Wines, Glass, Cheese, Hops, Cyder, Wheat, Flour, and in general all Foreign Import Goods — That no Navigation ltands more in Need of Improvement than the Severn, which would then become a very important one, as it has Communication with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and from thence into The Grand Trunk, and to Birmingham — That those Navigations are in a very good State, and that nothing is wanting to make a complete Navigation between those Places, and Hull, Bristol, and Liverpool, but the Improvement of the Severn.

And being asked, What Obstructions he had known to the Navigation from Floods? he said, That he has several Times known when Vessels would not venture down the River to Gloucester with Coals, on Account of the Lowness of the Arch at Upton Bridge, as in Times of Flood they could not get through — That he has heard Barge Owners frequently complain of that Bridge; he does not mean that those Obstructions arose from too much 'Water in the River, but from the Bridge.

And being asked, Whether, supposing that Bridge was washed away, Barges could go at all Times? he said, He thought they could.

And being asked, Whether a great Part of the Business upon the Severn was not transacted between Coal-brook Dale and Stourport? he said, Yes, the Iron Manufactory.

And being asked, That being the Cafe, where was the Necetlity for Looks below Stourport ? he said, To convey the Goods to Gloucester, Bristol, and other Places; and that there is more Business, and of greater Value, done below Stourport, than above it.

And the Witness added, That he has known great Quantities of Cannon, for the Use of Woolwich Warren, sent down the Severn to the Stroud Canal, and from thence carried to Leachlade: Then

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, was examined, who said. That he had surveyed the River Severn, and is well satisfied that it is practicable to make it a good Navigation, by removing Impediments, and erecting Locks and Wears in proper and convenient Places in the said River, so as to maintain a sufficient Depth of Water to navigate Vessels in dry Seasons; and that it is proposed to erect 12 Locks and Wears lietween Meadow Wharf and Stourport, and from thence to Diglis.

And being asked, Whether he was certain that the Works could not be destroyed by the Rapidity of the Stream ? he said, He believed they are no more liable than similar Works in other Navigations.

And being asked. Whether the River Severn does not rife higher and quicker than any other River? he said. He did not knpw, but if it did lb, it was not, on that Account, more liable to do Damage than any other River.

And being asked. Whether the Locks will not occasion the Water to rife higher, to remain longer, and thereby flood the adjacent Lands, by flopping the Current of the Stream? he said, They will make it rife higher, but not remain longer, that he knows of, nor will they injure the Lands in the smallest Degree.

And being asked, What public Utility would arise by improving the Secern from Meadow Wharf to W r-cester, unless the Shoals below Worcester were to be also removed? be laid, No more than it would make all the River from Worcester upwards as good as that below — That Vessels will come from Coalbrook Dale to Worcester as easy as they now go from Wireester downwards; but that he thinks the Shoals below Worcester ought to be removed.

And being asked, Whether he apprehended that the Meadows below Worcester would be more liable to Vol. 41.

Floods, when Locks were erected, than they are at present ? he said, Certainly not; no more than the Meadows adjoining the River Thames.

And being asked, Whether he had taken so accurate a Survey of the Country below , on each Side

of the Severn, as to know what Number of Acres might be flooded, and of consequence lessened in Value, by a forced Rife of Water in the River, sufficient to carry Vessels up and down at all Times of the Year? he said, Though he had not taken a Survey, he could answer in the Negative, by saying, that no Land would be flooded.

And being asked, If any Obstruction be given to the Current of the Water in the River, whether ad the Lands on each Side of the Rivers same and Avon, which empty themselves into the S would not be more liable to Floods, by Means of such Obstruction? he laid, If ever lb great an Obstruction were to be made on the Severn, above the Places where the Streams fall in, it cannot affect the Meadows upon those Streams — If an Obstruction should be made below, it might or might not affect the Lands on the Sides of those Rivers, as that would depend on the Manner in which they were made, and the Degree of Obstrufction thereby occasioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near a Place called Diglis, below the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richurd Hill, and Mr; Pultencx/j do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Wsuftmrlb of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the

Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Bound, and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Harden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of at*

Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullens in the County of Kent-, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Harden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, Kipping’* of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Cross Roads, and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Horsmonsden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on JVilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Harden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, hi Harden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, io the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping'sCross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden. and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of

Iden

\V eftbury Overseer.

Leave of Absence

Tichwtll

luclosure.

Birstall, &c. ROad.

Tref*’ Edate,

Ways and Means*

576

2i° Mar tit.

A. 1786.

Idea Green, to the Turnpike Road on Green, in

the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near

hurst Gore, through the Parish of to Stile

Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to tVanslGreen, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marshamdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Appointment of an additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of West bury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Estwick, Sir George Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Trexelyan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Sir Euzvard Astley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses, in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook,

and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Eftale of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same purl'uant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out' the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Followelh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-two thousand Four hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1786, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville reported from the Public Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine {,nCon‘* an<l and state the several Accounts and other Papers presented *Pe,ldlluf*-to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future;

That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, ill at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followed); viz.

Your Committee having proceeded to the Considera* ation of die Matters referred to them by the House, have arranged the several Papers relating thereto under distinct Heads, containing the different Articles of the Public Income and Expenditure.

But before they enter on the First Part of their Report, they think it necessary to premise, that they have confined their Examination to the present State of the Revenue, as it appears either from the Amount actually received in the Periods contained in the Papers referred to them, or from the belt Estimates which they could form of the Produce of such Articles as had not been brought to Account in those Periods, but compose, nevertheless, a Part of the present Income of the Public.

The large Amount of Taxes imposed since the Commencement of the late War, in addition to the then subsisting Revenue; the Difficulties under which the different Branches of our Commerce laboured during the Continuance of that War; and the great and increasing Prevalence of Smuggling previous to the Measures recently adopted for its Suppression, appeared to Your Committee to render any Averages of the Amount of the Revenue in former Periods, in a great Degree inapplicable to the present Situation of the Country: On the other Hand, they did not think themselves competent to difculs the various Contingencies which may in future operate to the Increase or Diminution of the Public Income. A Revenue so complicated in its Nature, and depending so much on the various Branches of an extensive Commerce, must always be liable to temporary Fluftuations, even although no Circumstances should arise to occasion any permanent Alteration in its Produce. Your Committee have, therefore, judged it proper to submit to the Wisdom of the House this extensive Consideration, and to state in this Report the present Amount of the Public Income, as resulting from the Papers before them.

The Net Produce of the different Branches of Revenue App. (a) h* t paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending at mas 1785, appears to have been as follows; viz.

Customs -Excise -Stamps -Incidents

- 4,520,820

- 5,282,342

- 1,157,549

- 1,360,809

Total - - - £ 12,321,520

But Your Committee find, that in this Period there App. (a) n* , had been paid to the East India Company a Sum, for respited Arrears of Customs, amounting to 401,118/. which Sum, as not resulting from the regular Course

of

US

06 Geo. IIL 21° Martii.

377

of the Revenue, is to be deducted froih the Tbtal above dated.

Part of the present Revenue, not brought to Account in that Period.

Public Income and Expenditure.

The Average Net Payment into the Exchequer, for Ten Years, ending at Michaelmas 1785, of the Duties imposed by the Sixth of His present Majesty, on Houses and Windows, amounted Annually App.(A>N*j. to - - - - £418,497. nearly.

It appears, however, that the Grofe Charge, according to the Account laid before the House, of the last Assessment for App. (a)n»4. was only - 401,397

But this Account not including the Returns from the Surveyors of Eight Districts, Your Committee have added a Sum proportioned to the Amount of the Returns for those Distri&s in App.(A)N®S. 1784 - 12,805

Making in the Whole - - £.414,202

From which must be deducted the Salaries of the Commissioners,

Clerks, and Surveyors, and the Incidental Expences of this and all the other Duties- under the same Management; the Whole being charged to the Account of app-(a)n*6. this Duty - 19,916

And allb the Charges of Management on this Duty, amounting, at 6£ d.in the Pound, to - 11,218

3M34

The Remainder will be -. £.383,068

To this must be added the Produce of the said Duty, which may be expected from Scotland-, the Net Payments of which amounted, on the Average of 10 Years, ending Michaelmas 1785, to 5,871 nearly:

App. (a)n* j. Making in all - - £. 388,939

But the Sum received on this Head, in the Year ending at Michaelmas App. (A) ip3. 1785, appears to have been - 435,128

The Difference therefore between that Sum and the Amount at which the present Produce of this Duty is estimated above, must be further deducted from the Amount of Taxes received in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785-

This Difference is - - - £. 46,189

It should be observed, that this Account is framed on the Assessments for the last Year; and that no Credit is taken for the Surcharges, which will probably be much more than sufficient to balance the Amount of Discharges, or other accidental Deficiencies. Some Efdmate of the Surcharges may be formed from the Papers in the Appendix (A), 7 and 8.

These Two Sums of 401,119/. and 46,189/. being deducted from the Total Receipt above stated, will leave a Sum of 11,874,213/.

To this are to be added the further Sums which have v accrued, or may be estimated to be the Produce of any

Vol. 41.

§ fl-

it appears that the Amount of the Assessment ou all

Inhabited Housesin England, for the Year ending on the 5th of April 1786, under the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, was £. 492,555 App. (B) n® ».

But the Returns from the Surveyors of Eight Districts not being included in this Account, Your Committee have added a Sum proportioned to that assessed upon those Districts in the Half Year ending 5th April 1784 - - 15,006 tu*.

Total - - £.507,555 To this must be added the AssessT-ment for One Year in Scotland, which Your Committee have estimated, on the Assessment for the Half Year ending 5 th April

1785, at - 16,533 App. (B) N° s.

Making in the Whole - - £.524,088 From which must be deducted the Charges of Management; which, at 6j</. in the Pound,

amount to - - - - 14,194 App. (B)n»j.

The Remainder w ill be - £. 509,894 No Credit is here taken for Surcharges. The whole Sum paid to the Receiver General of the Cul-toms, on this Head, and by him paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785,

was - 129,838, nearly. App. (B)N« 4.

The Difference therefore between that Sum and the estimated Produce of this Duty, as above, must be added to the Amount of Taxes received for the Year ending Michaelmas 1785.

This Difference is - - - £.380,056

r § 3-

It appears that the Amount of the Assessment on Two Wheel and Four Wheel Carriages, under the new Mode of Collecting those Duties, was, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th of April

1786

Add One-third -

107,849

35,949

App. (C) N*i.

Assessment for One Year - £.143,798 But the Account of these AssessT-ments not including 14 Returns,

Your Committee have cftiinated their Produce (not thinking the Assessments for the House Tax proper for this Comparison) by the Proportion which the Assessments for the Servants Tax in those Dif-trifts bore to the whole Assessments

for that Tax, when formerly under App* (C) *.

the same Management under which the Carriage Duty is now placed:

This Proportion gives a Sum of 7,818

And the Whole will then be £. 151,616 From this are to be deducted the Charges of Management, at 6\d.

per Pound, amounting to - - 4,106, nearly. App. (C)

Which leaves the estimated! .

Net Produce at - -f*147,510

5 D Add

378

ai° Martit.

Public Income and Expenditure,

Add the Produce to-be expected from Scotland, taken at the Average of Three Years Net Produce, under the Management of the Excise, upon which however there may probably be some Increase under the present Mode of Collection, as is the same in Arp- (C) K° 4. England -

Add for Scotland -

A. 178 6.

£. 10,000

8,500

The Assessments not being yet come in, and that Sum being nearly in the Proportion of the Payments on the Carriage Tax from that Part of Great Britain, computed as above;

Total - £.17 8,003

150,010

Total estimated Produce this Duty for One Year

The Sum paid on this Account into the Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785,

°!}

And as it appears that there had been paid into the Exchequer, on this Account, in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785, for the Duty on Horses -And for the Duty on Waggons and Carts -

106,853 App. (D) N* 1.

14,321

App- (A) N° 1. appears to have been - ... £.84,113

To which must be added, for Three 5 per Cents, payable thereon, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament - - - - 12,616

Total paid in that Period - - £. 96,729

The Difference, therefore, between that Sum and the estimated Net Produce of the Tax for One Year, under its present Management, must be added to the Produce, as above stated, of all the Taxes in the Year ending Michaelmas

1785:

£ s9,»*j- This Difference amounts to - - £.59,281

Making together (nearly) - - £.121,174

The Difference must be added to the Produce, as above stated, of all the Taxes for that Year.

This Difference amounts to - - £-56,829

§ 6.

In examining into the Produce of the Taxes imposed in the Year 1784 (exclusive of the Horse Tax)

Your Committee observe, that they had produced, in the Year ending Michaelmas 1785, the Sum

Of - - - - - £.482,042 App. (E)N*,.

But that in the Year ending January 5th,

1786, the same Taxes had produced - 563,220 App. (e> n'i.

It is to be observed, that in this Account also no Credit is taken for Surcharges.

§ 4-

c. 43. In the Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Servants, and for im-. posing new Duties in lieu thereof, it was provided,

'That 51,000l. of the Produce of the Duties so imposed should be carried to the Account of the Duties imposed in 1777; from the Nature however of the Assessments under that Act, and the Period of their Commencement, no Payment had been made on this Account in the Year ending at Michaelmas last; but there had been received, under the old Mode of Collection- ----- £.21,041

App. (A) n° 1. Which Sum, together with Three Five per

Cents, thereon, amounting to about - 3,156

Makes - - £.24,197

There remains therefore to be added on tins Account to the Produce of the Excise, for the Year ending at Michaelmas £. 16,803. last - 26,803

§5-

The Assessment of the Duties oft Horses, under the Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, if taken App. (C)N«i. for a Year, amounts to - £ 134>23<J

And that of the Duties on Waggons and Carts, under the Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, if taken for the App. (C) n° 1. same Period, amounts to 29,546

Making together - - £. 163,776

To which may be added, for 14 Districts not returned, but estimated, on the Proportion above stated with respect to the App.(C)N°*. Carriage Tax ----- 8,904

The Whole will then be - - £. 172,680 From which must be deducted, for Charges 4pp-(C)M°3. of Management, at 6id. in the Pound - 4,677

Which reduces the estimated Net) , rQ__________

Produce to - - - j-^C-,68,003

As it appears reasonable, in this Instance, to consider the latter Period as affording a juster Ground for estimating the probable Annual Produce of Taxes so recently imposed, they have added on this Account, to the general Amount received in the Year entfing at Michaetmm, a further Sum of 81,178/. being the Difference between the Two Sums above stated.

Many of these Taxes can perhaps hardly yet be supposed to have paid a compleat Year’s Produce into the Exchequer. Particularly it appears to Your Committee (by an Account from the Stamp Office inlierted in the Appendix) that in Consequence of the Act of last Sef- app- (f) n* fion for better collecting the Duty on Game Licences, there has been actually received by the Stamp Distributors, between 5th January 1785 and 5th January 1786, the Sum of - - - £.50,889

From this should be deducted the Charges of Collection (which Your Committee find cannot be yet accurately ascertained, but which may be estimated at rather more than 5 per Cent.) making about - - 2,500

The Remainder will be somewhat above - £. 48,poo

But in the foregoing comparative Statement, only 25,953/. is included in this Account as paid into the App Exchequer in the Year ending 5th January 1786. 5*

The Difference therefore, being about 22,000l. is to be added to the Sum of 81,178/. above stated; making in the Whole, about - - £.103,000 £.103,00*.

§ 7- „

Your Committee next proceed to state such Efti-

mates as they are enabled to form on the Information

which they have procured respecting the Produce of the Taxes imposed in the Year 1785. It was naturally to be expected that a very small Part of such Produce could have been received at the Exchequer previous to Michaelmas last; whatever therefore may appear to be the further Annual Amount of those Taxes, must be added to the other Articles of Annual Receipt.

The Amount of the Assessment in England to the Shop Appomr* (C) Tax, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending on the N *’

5th of April 1786, is - - - £.55,48t

Add One Third for the remaining Quarter - 18,494

Assessment for One Year - - £ 73,975

Add

06 Geo. III.

a 1° Martii.

379

Add for 14 Districfcs not vetomed, bat taken at the Proportion which those Districts bore to the Remainder of the AflefimenUj for 1784, under the Win* dow Duty 6 Geo. III. - - - 4?100

Total for England - - £. 78,075

Deduct Charges of Management at 6$d.

Appm^CC) per Pound - - - 2,114

Remains - - - £. 75,961

Add for Scotland, on the Proportion taken above, under the Article of the Window Duty 6 G. III. - - - 1,164

Total Produce of the Shop Tax, no") / ,

Credit being taken for Surcharges/ .

But if the Reduction which has been proposed this Session on different Parts of this Duty should be carried into Effect, Your Committee apprehend that it will diuiinish the above Sum by about a Sixth Part thereof;

They have therefore taken this Article

only at ----- £.64,271

The Assessments on Male and Female Servants for Three Quarters of a Year, ending 8th April 1786, amount to - - - £. 91,424

Ar^« Add One Third as above - - 30,475 nearly:

Total - - £.121,899

Add for 14 Districts on the Proportion which those Districts bore to the whole Assessments on Am»«^ix(c) Male Servants in 1780 - - 6,627

Total Assessment for England £.128,526 . Deriuft Charges of Management, k* (C) $. at 6%d. per Pound - - - 3,481

Remains - - £. 125,045

Add for Scotland, on the Proportion of the Average Remittance, for Three Years under the Ex-

App-ndtx (H) cife ----- 9,803

N° 1. J

Total - - £. 134,848

Deduct, for what is ordered by Act of Parliament to be carried to the Account of the Taxes of 1777, and for which Credit is taken above (§4.) - - - 51,000

Remains, Net Produce of thisj - ~ 0,0 Tax - - -/ 83>o4»

It is more difficult to form any Estimate of the Amount of the Remainder of the Taxes imposed in 1785. They are not collected by the Mode of AflTffinent; and the Sums which they have hitherto produced, in the short Per od since they became payable, afford a very imperfect Ground for judging of their future Amount; especially as they are, for the most Part, Stamp Duties, and as a consideraWe Time always intervenes between the actual Receipt of those Duties in die distant Parts of the Country, and the Time of their being remitted to the Head Office in London.

It will obvkuiffy occur to the House, that this Circumstance muff render Accounts of this Nature particularly defective, when they relate to Taxes so recently iwpoted.

Your Committee having pointed out the Imperfection of these Accounts, will proceed however to state the belt Computations they have been «Ue to form thereon.

Yol. 41.

The Duty on Pawnbrokers conlifts in an Annual Li- app- (0 x*« cence for exercising that Trade, and took place on the 5th July 1785. There was paid at the Stamp !ller'ni^1 Office in Town, and remitted from the Country, on *p* 1 ur*’ this Account, in the Period between 1785 and February 1786, both iriclusive, being Eight Months, a

Sum of.....£-3,740

Your Committee have added, as an Allowance for Money to be received in Town, and remitted from the Country, in the Remainder of the Ye&r - - - - 1,260

And have taken the Produce of this Duty at - £. 5,000

The Tax on Attornies consists in Part of an Annual Licence for the Persons exercising that Profession, and in Part of a Duty on Warrants for Licence to sue.

The Tax took place on the lit November 1785, and in the Month of November 1785 there was paid on this Account, at the Office in Town, the Sum of 8,996/. app (1) tt°t-

In the Three following Months there was paid in Town, on an Average, the Sum of 979/. per Month.

Nothing was remitted in the Month of November from the Country on this Account. In the Three following Months there was remitted, in all, the Sum of 1,080/.

Of the Payments in Town it appears that about 6,315/. arole from the Produce of the Annual Licences in London, and about 1,283/. from that of Annual Licences for Attornies in the Country; amounting together to 7,598 /. The Remainder, amounting, to about 4,301 /. was paid for the Duty on Warrants to sue.

If, therefore, the whole Amount of Annual Licences to be received in Town is taken at 8,000l. and from 8,000l. to 10,000l. be allowed for the Annual Amount of Warrants to sue, the whole Produce in Town would be from 16,000l. to 18,000l.

With respect to the Payments in the Country, the Accounts do not distinguish how much of them has been received for the Two different Branches of this Duty; nor is there sufficient Ground to estimate the future Remittances on the Average of those in the Three Months included in those Accounts; as it appears that the Remittance in the last Month is nearly equal to those in the Two others. Your Committee however conceive that the Whole of this Duty, including the Remittances from the Country, may not improperly be taken at about 20,000 Z.

On Account of the Glove Duty there was paid at the Head Office in London, in Seven £.

Months, ending February 1786 - 3,410 £.

Which gives an Annual Produce of - 5,845

There was remitted from the Country

in the Four last of those Months - 1,075

Which gives an Annual Produce of - 3,225

App. (I) N* i.

Total - £*9,070

Which Your Committee conceive may be stated at 10,000l. making Allowances for the Remittances not received from the Country, and from Scotland.

In the Act of the last Session for reducing the Al- *5c. m. c.63. Iowance for Waste on Salt, it was directed that I2,oooo(. should be Annually let apart under that Head; Your Committee have not the Means of judging, from any Accounts which they could procure, what may be the future Amount of this Duty under the new Regulation, but have stated it at the Sam taken in the Act, which js 12,000 /.

For the Purpose of Hating more accurately the Produce to be expected from the additional Duty on Polt Horses imposed in the last Session, as well as the old Duty on Poll Horses, and that on Stage Carriages (both of which were then consolidated with the

t

Public Income and Expenditure.

App. (I)N*3.

Appendix (A) N° i.

App.(K)N°x.

Ibid.

App. (K) N°i.

(K) N° 3.

App. (A) N°i. £. 265,00a

C 14,000.

210 Martiu A. 1786.

the new Duty) Your Committee called for the annexed Return from the Stamp Office of the Produce of the Pod Horse Duty imposed in 1780, from its Commencement to the Year 1785 inclusive.

From these Returns it appears, that the Total Produce in London of the Post JHorfe Duty imposed in 1780 was nearly 144,705/. and that the Sum of 408,143/. was remitted from the Country in the same Period.

The Total Produce of the new coni'olidated Duty in London, for the Six Months, appears to have been 22,187/. which is at the Rate ofw|4.374/- a Year; the Annual Produce of the fame, including the Country, according to the Proportion above stated, would be 169,536/.; as, however, in the Year ending at Michaelmas, 96,000 /. nearly appears to have been received under the old Duty on Post Horses; and as in the same Period it appears that about 23,000 /. was received for the Duty on Stage Carriages, these Two Sums, amounting to 119,000l. are to be deducted from 169,536/. in order to give the expected future Produce, and will leave 50,000l.

Your Committee think it right further to observe, that an Improvement has also been made in the Revenue, in Addition to the Produce of the Taxes of 1785, by the Operation of the Act of the last Session for the better Collection of the Duty before subsisting on Medicines.

It appears by the Appendix, that the Produce was no more than 1,592/. in London, in the Year ending the lft August 1785, and that the Produce in the same District was 6,088/. 18s. gd. between the lft September 1785, when the uew Law took Eftect, and the 11th Instant; which is at the Rate of 13,274 I a Year.

It also appears, that the whole Amount of the Duty, in the Year ending lit August 1785, was 3,860/. of which 1,592/. was paid in London, and 2,268/. in the Country; supposing, therefore, the Produce in Town and in the Country to bear the same Proportion, the Sum of 18,940/. nearly may be expected to be raised in the latter, which, added to the Sum of 13,274/. expected in London, will amount to 32,185/- from which deducting 5 /. per Cent. for the estimated Charges of Collection, the Remainder will be somewhat above 30,000l.

The Difference between this Sum and 3,860/. (being the former Produce) is about 26,000l.; this Sum, if added to the Taxes of 1785, as already stated, will make the Whole amount to about 271,000l. from which is to be deducted 6,175/. 16 much having been paid in on Account of the Taxes of 1785, previous to Michaelmas in the same Year.

The Remainder will be 265,000 /. nearly.

§8.

It further appears,- by an Act of the First of His present Majesty, C. lit, that a Part of the Sum assigned by Act of Parliament for the Support of His Majesty's Household, to the Amount of 12,000l. is paid by the keceiver General of the Excise before the Net Produce of that Revenue is paid into the Exchequer — This Sum is therefore to be added to the Head of Receipt

And a Sum of 2,000l. paid by the Alienation Office is, for a limilar Reason, to be included in like Manner.

They amount together to 14,000l.

The Duties on Land and Malt, although they are Annual Grants, and form therefore no Part of the settled Revenue of the Country, appeared to Your Committee to be proper to be included in this Report^ especially as the Services for which they are usually granted are hereafter inserted under the different Heads of Expenditure.

It appears, by the Account in the Appendix, that the app- (l) * whole Produce of the Land Tax for Seveu Years, ending at Lady Day 1782, being the lait complete Years of a Four Shillings Aid, was - £. 13,380,599 To which is to be added, being the Amount paid on Account of the Militia in those Years, previous to

the Payment of this Duty into the App". [lj n* £

Exchequer, the Sum of - - - 392,954

Total - £.13,773.553 Average of One Year - £. 1,967,650

The Produce of the Malt Duties for the same Period was 4,319,069/. which would give an Average of 617,010/.

But in this Period is included the Year 1782, in which the Produce of Malt was uncommonly deficient. If the Average were taken on the preceding Six Years, it would amount to above 657,000l.; but if it is ltated as low as 632,35b/. the whole Amount of Land and Malt would be 2’,600,000l. £.*,6oofioo.

J The foregoing Accounts of the Public Revenue are formed on the Ground of the actual Receipts in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785, with such Alterations and Additions as the different Circumstances which have been stated relative to them appeared to Your Committee to require. But as it was thought important that the House should be informed what Difference would have arisen in the Result, if the Calculations had been grounded on the Receipts of the Year ending in January 1786, Your Committee have investigated those Accounts, proceeding by the same Steps, and on the same Principles, which they have detailed to the House in stating the Particulars of the former Period. The Vouchers relating thereto are inserted in the app-Appendix, according to the References in the Margin. ap£. (B) V'v And in order to place the whole Subject referred to them app <a> n°s-in the clearest Light, they have annexed to their Report ApP.;r)V2. an Abflratt of the different Accounts, in which they aPP (A)nj* have brought into One Point of View the Amount of PP ibid, the several Heads of Public Expenditure, as well as the Produce of the several Branches of the Revenue, as resulting from their Examination of the Two Periods which have been mentioned.

But they think it necessary to remark, that the Account to Michaelmas 1785 includes Fifty-three Days

of Weekly Payment, and that Fifty-two only are included in the Account ending on the 5th January 1786.

The House will, however, observe that as far as the Result of these Accounts differ, which they do not in any considerable Degree, that Difference is in Favour of the Revenue in the latter Period.

Your Committee having thus investigated the Amount of the several Articles of the public Revenue, proceed to state in like Manner the several Branches of Expenditure.

§ 10.

The Annual Interest and other Charges payable on the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1786, amounted to 9,266,940 /. app- (")*

In Addition to this, the Interest at 3/. Cent, on 1,000,000l. charged on the 6d.person Pensions, by the AO, 12 Geo. I. and the Charges of Management thereon, amount to 30,360/. app.(m]n°*

The Charges of Management on 10,990,651/., 5/. *ndN°^ per Cent. Annuities, funded in 1785, were computed at 6,182/. — These Sums amount in the Whole to

9.303»4B2/.

But it appears to Your Committee, that since the Time of making up the Accounts which have been 01 laid

__ — i

a6''Gi£6. Ill; 2i°Martii-381

App. (M) n°4- laid 'before the House on this Subject, a Diminojtion has taken place in the Charges of Management payable to the Bapk of England, to the Amount of 24,853,/* If a limilar Reduction may be expected in the Charges of that part of the Public Debt which is under the Management of the South Sea Company, the Total Saving will, amount

to ?7,71.3'-. v

’Which bajpg deduced from the above Sum, leaves a £ 9*75,769- Remaimlerqf-9,275,769 /.

It isla h$ ybferved, that a Part of the Annual Pay- me nt to'thf Public Creditors consists of Annuities, which will gradually; fall in at the Expiration of the T/fcrms lor which they were granted. An Account of these, stating the Dates at which they were respectively created, and tire Periods at which they expire, is inserted in the AfP-(M)N°5. Appendix.

Your Committee think it not improper to observe particularly that Annuities, to the Amount of 25,3511, w ill determine on the 5th April 1787.

§ ll.

Your Committee called for an Estimate of the Expence likely to be incurred under the Head of Exchequer Mills, from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; App- (K) which is inserted in the Appendix.

The future Charge on this Article, after the present £ Year, is there estimated at 258,000l. subject to the

Observation therein l'tated.

§ 12.

The Sum charged on the Aggregate Fund, and payable at the Exchequer for the Support of His Majesty’s Afp-(O) Household, is 886,000l.; and there is further paid for the same Purpol'e, a Sum of 12,000 /. at the Excise, by an Act of the First of His present Majest v; and a Sum of 2,000 /. is paid at the Alienation Ollice, and makes Part of the Civil List. These Sums amount in the £.500,000. Whole to 900,000 /.

§ 13-

Exclusive of any Part of the Intereu, and of the Charges of the Public Debts, and of the Sum paid towards the Civil Lilt, there are other Payments charged *».<o) upon and payable out of the Aggregate Fund.

They conlift in Part of Annuities which will gradually ccafc; but Your Committee, not judging it proper to form any Estimate of such Diminution, have taken the Whole at the present Amount thereof, which £.64fico. ig 64,600l.

§ 14.

It appeared by the Papers referred to Your Committee, relative to the several Services of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance, that the Average of those Services respectively, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, were as follows:

(1*) For the Navy, including the Expence of Ordnance *>3.4.»" s* for Sea Service - £ 1,660.218

ApP. (q> n° 1, For the Army - - - 1,516,631

Apf.(jo n° , Tor the Land Service of the Ord-

and*. nance ----- 287,165

The Expence on these several Heads for the present Year appear, by the Estimates now before the House, to be considerably larger; but Your Committee observing that these Expences may be expected to vary, and that many Particulars thereof mull necessarily be reduced in future, have called for additional Statements, from the several Offices; according to those Statements, which are annexed to this Report, the expected Average Expence of the several Services above-mentioned, on a permanent Peace Establishment, appears to be as follows:

Vol. 41.

For the Navy, including the Expence of Ordnance for £ t.Wxsx -

Sea Service ----- £1,800,000 A,p‘ (H) N"6-For the Army ----- 1,620,000 app- (Q)n*4.

But as in this Estimate no Qredit is taken for the expected Diminution therein stated, in the Article of Bills of Exchange drawn from the Colonies and Plantations, and in the Half Pay and Chelsea Out Pension,

Your Committee conceive themselves justified in taking

the Average Expence of this Department at 1,600,000l. £ .

It is proper however to observe, that nothing is here allowed for the Expence arising from the Regiments in India; on which Account, in the Extraordinaries presented this Session, there is charged a Sain of 77,944/. which is not included in the Sum above stated.:

The East India Company being to pay a certain Sum for every Regiment* in India, by an Act of the 2lit of His present Majesty, this Charge is in l'aft only a temporary Advance, for which the Public will have Credit to an equal Amount hereafter, whenever Remittances are made from India, and the Demands under that Act are brought to Account.

The estimated Expence for the Land Service of the app. (r)n»3. Ordnance is 348,000l. £ 3+8,000.

In dating the Total of these Services, Your Committee think it necessary to take Notice, that various Charges are included, on Account of Half Pay, Chelsea Out Pensioners, and other Allowances of a similar Nature, amounting in the Whole to 683,325/.

15.

The Annual Charge incurred on Account of the App. (t) n° 4. Militia, for the Years 1775, 1776, and 1777, the laic Three Years of Peace in which the Militia was trained and exercised, appears, by the Accounts referred to Your Committee, to have been, on an Average, 128,000/ nearly.

But they conceive that, if the Reductions which have been proposed in this Session ift the Expence of this Branch of the National Service should be carried into Effect, the Whole will amount in future only to about 91,000l.; at which Sum they have accordingly taken it/ £91.000. subject however to such Variation as may arise from any Alterations in the Plan which is now under the Consideration of Parliament.

§ 16.

The Expence of the different Articles usually included app. (S) under the Head of Miscellaneous Services is stated in the annexed Estimate thereof (which ha9 been received by Your Committee from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury) at 74,274/. £74,474.

§17-.

It appears by the Account in the Appendix, that a App. (f) Part of the Annual Produce of the public Revenue is not applicable to the: Payment of any Part of the Interest of the National Debts, or of the general Services of the Country, but is appropriated to certain special Purposes, not included under any of the foregoing Heads of Charge.

The Amount of the Taxes so appropriated forms therefore another Article of Expenditure. They appear to have produced, in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785. 66,538/. £66,53*.

There are some Charges on the Post Office, and other Offices of Revenue, arising from different Grants and Acts of Parliament, by which certain Annuities are made payable thereon; but as these are issued at the different Offices of Collection, previous to the Payment into the Exchequer, Your Committee have not brought them to Account under the Head of public

5 E Expenditure j

PtiWic Income and Expetuliune*

ap? (p>

*tP. (O)

382 2i° Martii. . 1786.

Expenditure; the Sums by which they are defrayed not require a separate Provision. But upon the Whole Your being stated on the other Side as any Part of the public Committee conceive that the Means of defraying the Receipt. Expences (exclusive of the average Income above stated)

The Total of the several Articles above stated, com- may be expected to be sufficient for the Purpose.* posing- the Whole of the Annual Expenditure of the In the First Place, Your Committee have taken no Country, amounts to 14,478,181 /. Credit in the foregoing Statements for the Profits which

There are some additional Articles, both of Expen- may Annually be expected from Lotteries, whenever diture and Receipt, of which Your Committee think it Parliament shall think proper to avail itself of that Mode right to take Notice, though they have not inserted them of railing Money.

in their Abstract, as considering them improper to be It appears that the Profit on the Lottery of loft Year included in Accounts of the permanent Peace Efta- was nearly 140,000l. this alone would be an Addition ApP. (w) jc hlishment of the Country, and of its present Annual to the Annual Income, probably greater than the Sum app-(w)n°*. Revenue. The First Article of this Description, and which would be added to the Annual Expenditure, even probably the most considerable, coufilts of the additional on the Supposition of its being necessary to provide Funds Demands which may be made for the Service of the for the whole Amount of the contingent Expences above Navy, before it is put completely on the Footing on stated.

which the future Peace Establishment is calculated: A further Sum may also be expelled to arise, for

These cannot be stated with Precision; but it appears, some Years to come, under the Head of Army Savings, from the Account delivered by the Navy Board, that It appears, by the Acts of Appropriation in several Sef-the probable Amount may be from 1,200,000l. to (ions, that a Variety of miscellaneous Articles of this

1,600,000l. Description, amounting in the Whole to a very large

In this Article no Provision appears to be made for Sum, were brought in Aid of the Army Services for feve-the present outstanding Debt of the Navy: Your Com- ral Years after the Conclusion of the War before the last. mitlee find, that 011 the 31st of December 1785, it did From the Extent of the Grants for Army Services in the-amount to 2,537,764 /.; towards the satisfying which Course of the late War, similar Savings may naturally be there remained to be applied 825,2751.: Remainder expected, and probably to a larger Amount, as Provision.

1,712,4^9 /. But it is stated, that from the Delay in has recently, been made for a more speedy Investigation calling for Payment of many of the Charges of which of all the depending Accounts.

it is composed, a floating Arrear to this Extent may A Balance is also due from the East India Company, generally be expected to subsist: and as it neither bears for the Subsistence of Troops in India, and on Account of Interdt in its present Shape, nor will require to be the Victualling of the Navy, pursuant to the Twenty-first

funded, it cannot occasion, either in present or in of His present Majesty, c. 65.

future, any Addition to the Annual Charge upon the The Propriety ot applying to public Purposes a Por-Public. tion of the unclaimed Dividends of the Funds (consist-

Under the Head of Miscellaneous Expences, there ently with the strictest Regard to the Security of the may also arise some temporary Exceeding beyond the Creditors of the Nation) and the Means of rendering Annual Amount stated by the Committee. These, how- the Crown Lands more beneficial than at present, are ever, they conceive will for the most Part either be also Objects which seem to fall under this Consideration. occasional, or at lealt of short Duration; but, from the But, independent of the Articles which have here been Nature of this Head of Expence, it is impolftble to stated, Your Committee trust that they shall not be

foresee with Certainty the particular Demands. thought to exceed the Limits of the Duty prescribed to

The only Article to which Your Committee think it them by the House, in observing, that the present fub--necessary, separately, to call the Attention of the House, lifting 'Faxes, if the due Collection thereof could be is that of the Relief of the American Sufferers; but it is secured by Measures adequate to the Purpose, would1 not for the Committee to determine what Sum Parlia- probably afford an ample Provision for any Deficiencies ment may think proper to allot for this Purpose, either which may at any Time bs found, either in these Reas temporary Relief, or when the Investigation of the sources, or in the Particulars which compote the Gene-

several Claims shall have been completed. ral Income of the Public; and would inlure a permanent

From what has been stated, the House will observe Annual Surplus, applicable to the Reduction of the that no accurate Estimate can be formed of the Total National Debt, in such Manner as the Wil'dom of Par-Sums which may arise beyond the average Amount of liament shall direct. the Expences before stated, and which may therefore

ABSTRACT

t

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

00-

ABSTRACT of the fevwal Articles of Public Receipt and Expenditure.

o

\ 5

I.

RECEIPT:

Total Net Payments into the Exchequer, from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas-1785 -Deduct therefrom,

The respited Duties paid by the East India Company - £.401,118

Excess beyoud the future Amount of the Window Duties - 46.189

§ 1.

Total Net Payments into the Exchequer, from 5th January 1785 to 5th January 1786 Deduct therefrom,

The respited Duties paid by the East India Company - - - £.401,118

oeyond the future An

Excess beyond the future Amount of the Window Duties

56,101

2.

3*

4-

5*

6.

7-

8.

9-

1 1

Further Produce of the Window Duty imposed by the 24th III. -Further Produce of the Duty on Two Wheel and'Four Wheel Carriages: - 1

To complete the former Duty on Male Servants - -

further Produce of the Duties, of Horses, Waggons, and Carts

Further Produce of Taxes imposed in 1784 -

Further Produce of Taxes imposed in 1785, including the Improvement of the Medicine Duty -

Paid at the Excise and Alienation Office, in Part of Civil List -

Produce- of the Land and Mak - - .

EXPENDITURE:

Interest and Charges of the Public Debts

Exchequer Bills -

Civil List -

Charges on Aggregate Fund -

Navy - -

Army -

Ordnance -

Militia -

Miscellaneous Services -Appropriated Duties -

£ 12,3*1,520

447.307

U»499»9l6

457>a1 S|

L I ‘

L

.9*2 75.769

258.000

900.000 64,600

1.800.000

1.600.000

248.000 91,000

74.274

66,538

X

Annual Surplus

1 From Michaelmas 1784 ! to I Michaelmas 1785. *From 5thJauuary 1785 to 5th January 1786.

£.11,874,213

'V - 380,056 . 5>9»28t 26,803 , 56,829 103,000 £. 12,042,697 353.534 , 107,186 42>444 73,610 22,000

1 ’ 265,006 14,900 1 I 12,600,000 242,000 14,000 2,600,000

‘5*379. *8? \ . ‘5.397.47*

*4.478,i8i 14,478,181

901,001 919,29°

For the Accompli respcGing this Pc-riod, vide the Paragraph marked f in Sc ft. 9,

{?»I

*5 8 S

l§ s‘

o

w

o

D

r-+

o

00

'PtihliC Income and Expenditure*

384

21° Mdrtii.

A. 1786.

APPENDIX (A) N* 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net. Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784;

and from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785.

From Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784. From Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

- 105,358 — 7* 123,211 89,920 5 9i

' 99.740 *5 7 *3! 2f

- 79,202 3 -{ 188,898 I I 1

- *3,*37 10 *f 19,466 7,'*

m 308,65518 6 505,705 51 — 1

- 94>b02 4 *f I72»35b 19! 3

- 149,036 14 1 251»54I 5! — .

j- *59*279 8 2 293»3°8 3 »

- 332 *7 2 438 62

- 1,442 3 5 *49 17 9

m - - . - a,996 1 3*

- — 18 — 15,010 *7; .51

- 84 17 5 1,000,) " 1 ,

: - 8,069 2 7 *>34° 3 4*

417.559 11 4f 528,010 7 *

II5»233 10 8 141,017 6 3*

: - 30,210 3 3 35*5*9 3 *of

52,084 5 if 63,3*9 3

58,009 12 IO| 7I»°79 *1 9$

55,729 1 iof 68,252 9 n

- 54,739 1 9 7°,534 6 iojt

- . I,757 13 if 9,847 3 8*

- 179,200 13 n 183,801 — 1 of

' *32,*8£ 6 4f *5,77* *9. 9

- 137,943 9 6 258,627 5 *°

- ’ 2,260 13 5 8,000

3°o 9 565 6

- . 132,185 6 5* I25>77* *9 7

- 40,943 17 6 1 *5,338 11 9

- *°7>97 9 it *f 222,042 206,375 7 *of

- 74,9^8 12 3' 4 3f

- 12,310 8 5 32,000 9 8

- 41,085 2 45,643 - 6f

120,204 *7 41 120,809 17 8|

- 12,190 10 7f *3,354 2 of

- 16,036 *9 9f *9>5*4 9f

- *5,352 14? if 27,160 18 1

<_ 102,829 11 9f 97,902 13 8f

- -85 8 n 701 12 1

- 6,625 2 9 *9,*49 19 11

- 5>663 13 -f 6,117 16 6f

- 3,577 *7 7 8,883 10 if

- 4,389 7 6 760 6 —

m - - . - - 2,018 *9 8

- 9 *9 1 of 2,018 18 8

- 34 13 2f *i,293 6 7f

- 16 2 — - 48 12 6f

m 1 8 7f 37 19 -f

- CO CO 0 I5 4f *>259 5 2f

4 12 — 604 17 11

4 12 — 604 17 11

- 97 5 OO 4,009 5

- 5Z 2 5 3,006 *3 *f

- 212 16 7i 7,090 — 10

*57 *7 11 5» *17 *5 "

- *47 J4 ,nf 5-°7o 18 4

202 5i

2 I I 3 2,025 17 —

- - - *,539 2 8f

5<W4 4 I 94,000 Bricks

CUSTOMS:

Wines and Vinegar, 31st July 1716 -

Tobacco - Ditto - :..- - -

East India Goods, Ditto - - - - > -

251. per Ton French Wines imported, 29th September 1715

Add1 Subsidy on Tonnage and Poundage, 25th D6tober 1760 -

-fd Add1 Subsidy, 1706 - -

Add1 Poundage, ift March 1747 -; -

Ditto - - - 5th April 1759 -

Gum Senega, 24th June 1765 and 1774

Cambricks and Sugars, ift August 1766 -

Crapes, Ac. Ditto - -

East India Wrought Silks, Ditto - - - ’ - 1 -

Cotton Wool, lit January 1780'- -

Add* Tobacco, ift January-1781 - - %. . .

Tobacco and Sugars, 1781 -

Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, 1782 - - , - , -

Pepper and Raisins - -

Imported Wines, 1745 -

Ditto - - - 1763 - - - - - -

Ditto - - - 1778 - - ,

Dit, to - - 1780 - -

Canvas and Lawn, ift August 1767 -

Coals, 29th September 1710

f Subsidy, 31st July 1712 -

Add1 5 per Cent, on Goods, 5th and 25th July 1782 -

Drillings and Broad Linehs, 25th May 1767 - - -

Apples imported -

| Subsidy, .31st July 1714 - r - - , - .

Add1 Impositions on Goods, 31st July 1716 -5 per Cent. - - - - 5th April 1779 -fds Subsidy, 8th March 1711 - -

Brandy, 29th September 1736 - -

Goods exported, 8th March 1710 - - - -

Coals - - - Ditto -

Coals exported, 2d August 1714-

Add1 Ditto, - 5th July 1757 -

Coals exported and East India Goods, 1765 - - .

Coals, 25th March 1719 ' - -

1 d. per EU on Foreign Sail Cloth, 29th September 1715

41 per Cent. Plantation Duty; Ditto -

Coinage Duty on Wines -

Ditto - - Spirits t - , - -

Sugars before 29th September 1764 -

Ditto since - Ditto -

Spices and'Pictures, 24th Tune 1714 - - ’- - -

Add1 Spice and White Callicoes, 1714 -

Wrought Plate, 1756 -

Bice exported, 1773-

Melasses, Ac; 1st November 1766 - -

Candles, 25th March 1711 -Ditto, - ift May 1715 .

Soap, loth June 1712 - »

Add1 Soap, Paper, and other Duties, 2d August 1714 -Hides, 24th June 171 r - -

Add1 Hides, Starch, and Drugs, 10th June 1712 -Glass, 5th July 1777 - -

Unrated Goods imported undervalued - -

Verdi grease, 1781-

Wax, 1782 -

18 per Cent, on Muslin, r August 1783

a 6 Geo. III.

2i° Mar tit.

385

Cuwo*m — .

Bricks and Tiles, 2d Augoft 1784 Silk and Lead, 1784 -

Coffee, 1784 -

Paper, 1784 - -

Glass, 1767 -

Fines and Forfeitures, 1760

Enumerated Duties -

Tea, 1784 -

Candles, 1784 -

"Whale Fins -

Total of Custom from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 -Ditto ----- from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785

EXCISE:

99 Years Excise ——

Candles, 25th March 1711 -

Ditto - - ift May 1715 -

Ditto--iff August 1784 -

Hops, 1st August 1715 -

Soap, Paper, and other Duties, 10th June 1712 -

Add1 Ditto - -- -id August 1714 —

Add* Soap, 5th July 178a -

British Spirits, 29th September 1736 -

Ditto - - - - 25th March 1743 -

Ditto - ----1746 -

Ditto - - - - 1 July 1751 -

Ditto - - - - aift April 1760 -

Ditto - - - - 21 January 1762 -

Ditto - - - - 30 May 1780 -

Brandy, 29th September 1736 -

Add1 Ditto, 21st April 1760, and ift July 1766 -

Ditto - - - 21st January 1762 -

Ditto - - - 30 May 1780 -

5 perCent. on several Duties, and 15 perCent. on Malt, 1779 Add* 5 per Cent. 1780 -

Ditto — - --1781

Ditto ----- 1782 -

Men Servants, 1781 -

qd. Add1 Excise, 1706 -

Plate Licences, 5th July 1758 -

Coaches, 25 March 1747 -

Add1 Ditto, 5th July 1776 -

Ditto - - -- 1782 - -.

Add1 3 per Barrel on Ale, 24th January 1761 -

Auctions, 29th September 1777 -

Table Beer* 5th July 1782 -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, 1760 -

-j-ths of 9 d. per Bank Excise -

-J-ths of Ditto ——

3 d. Add1 Excise ——

Low Wines, 29th September 1736 -

Add1 Ditto, 25th March 1743 - - - - , -

Ditto.....1746....

Ditto - - - ift July 1751 -

Ditto - - - 2ift April 1760 ....

Ditto - - - 21st January 1762 -.

Ditto - - - 30th May 1780 -

Sweets, 24th June 1737 -

Add1 Ditto, 1780 ——

Hides, 24th June 1711 -

Add1 Ditto, 10th June 1712 -

Wire and Starch, Ditto -

Add1 Starch, 6th July 1780 -

Coffee, 24th June, 1724 -

Old Cocoa Nuts, 5th July 1781 -

Add1 Ditto ——

Tea, 24th June 1745 -

Vol. 41.

From Michaelmas 1783 to

Michaelmas 1784.

£. s. d.

130 t 2

10 6 6

3,005,022 n 8

From Michaelmas 1784

to Income ana

Michaelmas 1785. Expendituro.

I. s. d. 30 18 4*

69,147 14 io§ 17,870 2 6

— 12 — 6 16 6

577 *3 5I 501 14 1

5°o----

— 26

- I-

4,520,820 13 9

175,837 — — 9^,»33 6 5

92,080-----

2,992-----

48,142-----

205»537 12 5

145,738-----

97,594 -

16,031-----

24,217-----

9,799 -

36,441-----

100,152-----

20,275-----

20,852-----

3OI»345 -

88,934-----

16,317-----

72,523-----

139,068-----

4°,435 -

97,986-----

102,561

174,110

87.387

87.387

97.799 70,294

244,957

175,072

96,905

19>3°7

22.800

9’596

33,397

96,53!

19,382

19,549

449,6i7

132,576

22,217

45>346

121,233

38,087

78,393

83,594

10

17 3

10 7

11

13 lOf 10 io| 3 1

6 4

7 9 16 —

3 9* 3 9

51,609 — — 21,041 — —

175,836 — — i74,m — —

6,5‘9 17 9 6,191 ro — '

91,450 II 3 54,797 *5 —

22, Ol6 26,060 — — 13,286 — —

— — 16,030 — —

576,315 — — 566,710 — —

42,821 — — 40,563 — — -

23,102 — — 22,677 — —

324,862 5 4 3°8,53i 7 —

5°,239 2 9* 49,745 14 4

125,597 J7 124,3(14 5 8

58,557 — — 57,980 — —

8,486 — — n,599 *3

10,061 — — 10,913 14

5,528 — — 5>3°2 3 9*

M,447 — — 13,767 18 8

57»4°i — — 57,000 6 8

11,668 — — 11,421 8 *

n,943 — — 11,509 9 6

11,220 — — 13,513 6 £

5,610 — — 6,724 — —

129,622 8 6 i33,3oi 6 —

77,i|0 — — 79’* 74 — —

28,581 4 6 28,106 11 -i

26,076 — — 30,140 — —

17,870 J9 10 7f6 3 8

2,125 994 — 90 18 3i

371»239 1 11 82,974 4 6 Tea

Public Income and LxpenditJre.

386

210 Ma

Excise — continued.

Tea Licences, 17S0

3,700l. per Week Excise -

Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, 25th March 1743 and 1752 Glass, 5th July 1777 -

Add1 Malt, 8th February 1760 -

Ditto - - - 30th May 1780 -

Cyder, 5th July 1766 -

General Licences, 1 ith September 1784 -

Paper, 1 ith Aueruft 1784 -

Linens and Stuffs, 2nd October 1784 -

15 per Cent. nth August and 2nd October 1784 - -

Bricks and Tiles, 2nd September 1784 -

Coffee, 5th April 1759 ——

Coachmakers Licence and Duty, 1785 -

Total of Excise from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 -Ditto - - - - from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785 - -

STAMPS:

Pamphlets and Stampt Papers -

Stamps per Hanaper Office -

Paper and Parchment, 31st July 1710 -

Paper, Cards, and Dice, 24th June 1711 -

Add1 Cards and Dice, 15th April 1756 -

Ditto - - - - --5th July 1776 -

Policies of Insurance, 10th June 1712 -

Add1 Ditto - - - iff: June 1765 -

Apprentice Duty, iff May 1715-Add1 Ale Licences, 1756- -

Add1 Policies, iff August 1782 -

Add1 Carriages, iff August 1783 -

Poll Horses, lft August 1780 -

Add1 Stamps on Paper and Parchment, 5th July 1757 -

Ditto Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

- - - - ,759

- - - - 1762

- - - - 1765

- - - - 1776

- - - - 1777

2nd August 1779

Ditto - -- ill June - 1780 Ditto - - - - and Bills of Exchange, ,ft August, September, October, and November, 1783 -

Add1 Stamp Duties, ill and 29th September, ,11 October, and December, 1784 -

Add1 Paper and Parchment, 1731 -

Paper per Lottery, 1714 ——

Wine Licences, 5th July 1757 -

Add1 Almanacks, 24th June 1781 -

Add1 Stamps, 5th July and ill August 1785 -

Stamps per Bank, 1783 ——

Licences for felling Lottery Tickets, 1784 -

Add1 Poll Horses, ill August 1785 -

Licences for felling Lottery Tickets, 1782 -

Ditto - -- -- - - 1783 -

Total of Stamps from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 -

Ditto ----- from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785

INCIDENTS

Salt, 1759 -

Add* Ditto, 10th May 1780

Ditto - - - 22 June 1782 -

700 per Week Letter Money

2,300 per Week Letter Money, 1784 -

Men Servants, 5th July 1777 (Arrears)

From Michaelmas 17S3 to

Michaelmas 1784.

£. s. d,

8,260-----

192,400-----

7J>949 " 7 75,466 — 330,76° —

263,552-----

5»536-----

3.570 -

127-----

5,263,578 8 6

A. 17

From Michaelmas 1784 to

Michaelmas 1785.

I s-

9,829 — 196,100 —

72.943 12

87,212 — 325,684 — 260,796 — 11,581 — 45*863 — 9,174 — 28,303 — 5.676 —

51>l25 ~ 114 15 105 —

d.

10

5,282,342-----1

42,460 2 — 39.3H 5 5

3.474 — 7 3,698 10 3

37.631 1 4 38,706 — 9

17,825 8 10 15,83 3 19 11

8,874 19 4 8,383 8 1

8,505 *9 4 8,146 5 7

6,766 19 1 6,504 15 —

2,564 11 7 L983 2 5

6,169 14 9 5,592 5 1

49,498 — 9 42*937 i4 10

97,248 11 10 94,479 — 10

I9.942 17 3

102,827 95,906 4 8

80,545 3 — 78,946 17 5

10,034 12 9 9,819 18 7

358 11 1 429 1 7

793 14 3 946 10 4

60,268 8 10 61,077 16 1

47.077 19 3 45,836 4 4

23,726 9 11 23.760 15 3

18,903 — 5 21,852 — 4

197,535 4 11 282,874 17 6

2,094 168,774 12 3

43,083 1 6 39,890 10 7

i9,93i i5 11 19.429 8 3

18,044 6 9 i7,783 i4 5

1,005 — 1 i,339 — 10

- . 6,165

8,301 7 4 12,000

- - - 1,000

- 4,140

290 17 4

500

936,283

' - - £ V157,549 — 7

221,363 12 55.340 14 56.03i 9

37,100 —

5

8 i

61

437 *7 —

238.738 15 6

60,954 11 61,978 9 2

36,400 — — 101,200 — — 68 13 6

Seizures,

2i° Martii.

26 Geo. III.

3*7

St a m ps — continued.

Seizures, 25th Ofitober 1760 Proffers, Ditto -

l'ines and Forfeitures, Ditto -

Fines of Leases, Ditto -

Letter Money, Ditto -

Alum Mines, Ditto -

Compositions, Ditto -

Alienation Duty, Ditto - -

Rent of a Light House, Ditto -Rent of Savoy Lands - - - - .

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 -

is. deduct on Salaries, &c. 5th April 17.58 -

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 -

Houses, 5th April 1778 -

Stamps, per Bank, 17 83 -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 23d June 1710 -Hackney Coaches, 1711

Ditto - - - 1784 -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1785 - -

First Fruits of the Clergy -

Tenths of Ditto ——

Total of Incidents, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 - £.

Ditto - - - ' from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785

Total of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 £.

From Michaelmas 17^3 to Michaelmas 17S4-

I- s-

- 33,675 8 9*

600 16 7

- 485 9 4i

- 6,051 16 —

154,000 — —

960

7 10 —

1,040 2 —

- 6134

- 43,4oo

- 43,'«8 5 6

- 392,852 10 9

114,652 13 1

- 2,996 — 8

_ 11,000

5,761 5 m

- 9,752 15 2i

I- 1,190,635 — 10*

10,395,519 1 — i

Ditto

from Michaelmas 1784 to Michaelmas 1785

From Michaelmas 1784 to

Michaelmas 1785*

8,295

577

200

8,022

148,000

960

1

1,353

6

1

45,8oo

40,609

435,128

125,955

3,4i6

11,800 600 — 5,640 6 9,888 19

s. d:

11 —

4 —

— — *

*7 3

— 1-

n 4

18 8

13 4

13 4

— —

12 5

1 3

10 nf

14 7

15 8

11

1,360,809 1 —

12,321,520 15 5

Exchequer, the 8th Day of February 1786.

John Huglison.

Appendix (A) N* 2.

As ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money due by the East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which was respited by an A fit of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785; specifying the Time when such Payments were made.

1785. May 12th.

31st. August 11 th.

To Cash....

To Debentures for Drawbacks on East India Goods exported To Cacti -

£. s. d.

400,000-----

1,000 18 2

117 18 11

401,118 17 1

Custom House, London, ill March 1786.

Jd Deacon,

Receiver of the Grand Receipt, under the Collefitor Inwards.

Vol. 41.

Appendix

ills.

Public Income and Expenditure*

PuMic Income and Expenditure.

21° Martii. A 1786-

Appendix (A) N* 3.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of the Sums Annually paid into the Exchequer on the Duties on Houses and Windows, under the Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for Ten Years, ending at Michaelmas 1785; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and how much of the same was remitted from North Britain.

England. Scotland*. TOTAL

£>' S‘ & s- d. £. s. d.

From Michaelmas 1775 to Michaelmas 1776 - 395,874 14 2 8,000 4°3>874 *4 *

- 1776 to Michaelmas 1777 - 429,038 l6 ILf 5>5°° 434,53s 16

- 1777 to Michaelmas 1778 - 448,285 7 6 3,700 45L985 7 6

- - - - 1778 to Michaelmas 1779 - 396,378 — I 2,000 398,378 — 1

- 1779 to Michaelmas 1780 - 405,661 8 3f i>95° 407,611 8 3

- 1780 to Michaelmas 1781 - 401,098 2 3 1,000 402,098 2 3

- - - - 1781 to Michaelmas 1782 - 436,810 1,0 18,150 454,960 10 if

- 1782 to Michaelmas 1783 - 389>939 lz 3* 13,600 403,539 12 3*

- - - 1783 to Michaelmas 1784 - 391,152 10 9 1,700 392,852 10 9

- 1784 to Michaelmas 1,785 - 432,017 1 7 3,iio 19 8 435>128 1 3

£ 4,126,256 3 nf 58,710 19 8 4,184,967 3 7

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1786.

John Hug.

Appendix (A) N* 4.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

1

AMOUNT of the Assessments on Houses, Windows, of Lights, for the Year 1785.

Amount of the Assessments made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for the Year 1785, as far as the same can be made up - - £. 401,397. 17. 8J.

N.B. — To complete the above Account for the Year 1785, Returns are wanting from Eight Surveyors; but, to render it as perfect as possible, it may be proper to observe, that the Returns of those Eight Officers, for the Year 1784, ending 5th April 1785, amounted to 14,192/. i6r. iof d,which will make the whole Sum 415,590/. 14$. 7 if there should not be any Decrease in the Districts of those Officers.

Office for Taxes,

27th February 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Appendix

i6 Geo. Ill

389

2i° Mar Hi.

Appendix (A) N* 5.

Public Income and Expendituc*.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A C C O UN T of the Assessment made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for the Year 1784, ending at Lady Day 1785.

£. s. d.

In England - " - - - 459>048 4 10i

In Scotland 12,060 11 —

jC*471>1°8 15 iof

Office for Taxes,

13th March 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Appendix (A) N*6.

v

ACCOUNT of the Charge of Management of the Duties on Houses and Windows, or Lights, Under

an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for One Year.

£ d.

The Amount of Salaries to Commissioners and Clerks, and Surveyors, and incidental Expences - 19,916 11 8

Poundage to the Acting Commissioners, Clerks, Collectors, and Receivers General, is Six Pence Half-penny in the Pound on the Produce.

Office for Taxes,

7 March 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Voi~ 41.

.5 G

Appendix

Income and Expenditure.

390 21 6 MartiL178^.

Appendix (A) N°7.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AMOUNT of the Assessments and Surcharges made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, in the Cities of London and Westminster, the County" of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, for the following Years.

Assessments. Surcharges.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1777 - O -ft O 15 8 3,386 3 11

1773 - 111,590 2 8 3,098 5 5

1779 - 107,759 13 6 3,617 17 — i

1780 - 107,601 2 4i 3,251 7 Hi

1781 - 108,943 5 if 3,536 8 Ai

1782 - 110,590 3 H 2,836 7 6

1783 - 111,253 4 1 2,956 14 5i

1784 - 113,165 12 8 3,448 8 11I

N. B. — The Books received from the Surveyors in the Country are made up in such Manner as to prevent the Account of Surcharges being taken therefrom, without great Delay.

Office for Taxes, 27th February 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Appendix (A) N® 8.

To tire Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

ACCOUNT of Surcharges made on Houses, Windows, or Lights, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty; also on all Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

£. s. d.

Amount of Surcharges made by the Inspectors and Surveyors, on Houses, Windows, or Lights,

under the Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for the Year ending 5 April 1785 - - 10, 753 13 Hi

Amount of Surcharges made by the Inspectors and Surveyors, on all Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for the Half Year ending 5 April 1785 - 7,703 14 —

Amount of Surcharges made by the Inspectors and Surveyors, on all Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, in the Cities of London and Westminster,

County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, as far as the same can be procured,

to the 5 April 1786 - -- -- 4,450 7 9

N. B. — To complete the above Account in the Cities of London and Westminster, County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, to the 5 April 1786, in which there are 31 Surveyors, Returns are wanting from Nine.

Office for Taxes,

27 February 1786. Timothy Brent.

Appendix

2<5 Geo. 111.

21° Mdttii.

Appendix (A) N® g.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the TAXES, from the 5th Day of January 1784 to the' 5th Day of January 1785, and from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of January 17S6.

CUSTOMS:

Wines and Vinegars, 31st July 1716 -

Tobacco, - - - Ditto -

East India Goods, - Ditto -

65/. per Ton French Wines imported, 29th September 17 Add* Subsidy on Tonnage and Poundage, 15th October fd Add1 Subsidy, 1706 -

Add1 Poundage, 1st March 1747 -

Ditto - - - 5th April 1759 -

Gum Senega, 24th June 1765 and 1774 -

Cambricks and Sugars, lft August 1766 -

Crapes, &c. - - - Ditto -

East India Wro* Silks, Ditto - -

Cotton Wool, xft January 1780 -

Add1 Tobacco, ift January 1781 -

Tobacco and Sugars, A* 1781-

Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, A* 1782 - -

Pepper and Haiti ns - -

Imported Wines, 174c - - - 1

Ditto - - - - 1763 - -

Ditto- - - - 1778 -

Ditto - - - - 1780 -

Canvas and Lawns, ift August 1767 -

Coals, 29th September 1710 -

| Subsidy, 31st July 1712 -

Add* 5/. per Cent, on Goods, 5th and 25th July 1782

Drillings and Broad Linens, 25th May 1767

Apples imported -

| Subsidy, 31st July 1714 -

Add1 Impositions on Goods, 31st July 1716-

5/. per Cent. - - - - 5th April 1779 -

4ds Subsidy, 8th March 1711 -

Brandy, 29th September 1736 -

Goods exported, 8th March 1710 -

Coals - - - Ditto -

Coals exported, 2d August 1714 -

Add1 Ditto - - 5th July 1757 -

Coals and East India Goods, 1765 -

Coals, 25th March 1719- r

id. per Ell on Foreign Sail Cloth, 29th September 1715

41 per Cent. Plantation Duty, Ditto -

Coinage Duty on Wines -

Ditto - - - - on Spirits -

Sugars, &c. before 29th September 1764 -

Ditto - - since Ditto -

Spices and PiAures, 24th June 1714 -

Add* Spices and White Callicoes, A® 1714 -

Wrought Plate, A® 1720 -

Rice exported, A* 1773 -

Melasses, &c. ift November 1766 -

Candles, 25th March 1711-

Ditto - - ill May 1715 -

Soap, 10th June 1712 -

Add1 Soap, Paper, and other Duties, 2d August 1714 Hides, 24th June 1711 -

Add1 Hides, Starch, and Drugs, 10th June 1712 Glass, 5th July 1777 -

15 -1760

From tha 5th January 1784 to the 5th January 1785.

s. d.

109,209 88,qoo 69,202

9»7^5 335,1*4 104,457 133^33

199,860 17 301 6

2,360 17

*7

*3

5

*9

2

2

14

10

10

3*

6i

4

1

From the 5th January 1785 to the 5th January 1786

18

l7

13

6

1

8

16

12

10

12

7

84

3*43! 400,724

136,396

35>554 53,384

62,427 62,381

58,707 3,789 187,303 >9

1(57,630 10

189,559 2

8,234 6

278 11 157,630 10 96,564 17 147,228 17 104,657 13 10,538 3 44,034 126,072 12,894 16,920 16,121 106,332 14 124 16 10,485 5,475 3>u5 154

3»ol 3 27

1,634

64

1

i,35o 5 5

91 49 225 171

Ml

D

4f i| 11

9

— x *

3 9 21

9 11

7r 3 8

7

3! 11

2f

5

95

9

9 1

7

8

7l 8| 8

__ __ 1

2

14 — " 4

3

21 6| _ Z /*

7

7

8

13

7

15

18

7

13

14

8

13

13

13

»5

7

M

18

6

51

3?

2I

ol

10

8

L

110,658 102,077 224,033 21,95° 460,354

i57,"4 298,796

303.422

246

642

2,996

24,325

1,000

263

622,565

142,103

37,625

64,102

65.362

63,5"

62,810

8,041

185,690

98.812 240,367

4, M9

565

98.812

68,773

243,811

181,802

54,227

45,343

i25,059

M,324

21.362

35»7°i

107,252

664

20,590

6,498

12,800

i,936

946

2,005

10;2()3

55°

4,01

3>"‘°7

7»l87

s. d.

I 9r

3 3!

n

15 2|

10 94

10 2|

J9 i

15 11

11

8 3

1 3*

I6 lof

— —

X 3‘

2 5

— 10

15 6

— 1

*5 4

3 6

— 5

2 2

*13 11

5 4

11 io|

16 —

13 ill

11 3*

18 —

18 2 V

*3 LI 4.

5 3

6 Hi

j 1 41

16 4f

5 71

13 11

8 1 i

11 1!

15 11

9 61

1 5 9

18 3

4 3

0 71

’ *9 I z

10 si

5

— 5

— 7*

’ ‘9

4 Hi

r IO 3

' 4 —

Vo l. 41.

5,059

Unrated

Public Income and Expenditure.

39*

31" Martii.

A. 1786.

Customs — continued.

Unrated Goods imported, undervalued - -

Verdigrease, A* 1781

AV ax, A* 1782....

18/. perCent. on Mullins, ift Aoguft 1783 -Silk and Lead, 20th September 1784

Coffee, A* 1784 ....

Bricks and Tiles, ift September 1784 -----_ Fines and Forfeitures, 25th October 1760 -

Enumerated Duties, A* 1715

Tea, A* 1784 - - -....

Paper, 1 ith August 1784....

Plate, A* 1784 -

Starch, 6th June 1780 ....

Gum Senega, A° 1752 ....

Candles, ift August 1784 - -

Glass, Paper, &c. 20th Noveipher 17^7- -

Duty on Whale Fins, 3ift July 1716 -

Total of Customs in the Year ending th/e 5th of January 1785

Do----.....5th of January 1^86

EXCISE:

99 Years Excise ....

Candles, 25th March 1711 ——

Ditto - - ift May 1715 -

Ditto - - ift August 1784 ——

Hops, ift August 1715 -

Soap, Paper, and other Duties, 10th June 1712-

Add1 ----- - 2d August 1714 -

Add1 Soap, 5th July 1782 -

British Spirits, 29th September 1736 -

Ditto - - - - 25th March 1743 -

Ditto - -- - 1746 - - r - -

Ditto - - - - ift July 1751 -

Ditto-- 2 ift April 1760 -

Ditto - - - - 21st January 1762 -

Ditto - - - - 30th May 1780 -

Brandy, 29th September 1736 -

Add1 Ditto, 2 ift April 1760 and 1 July 1766 -

Ditto - - - 21st January 1762 -

Ditto - - -30th May 1780 -

51, per Cent on several Duties, and 15/. per Cent, on Malt, 5th

APril *779 ....

Add 5/. per Cent. A* 1780 -

Ditto- - -- --1781

Dittto ----- 1782 -

Men Servants, 2 ift May 1 781 - -

gd. Add1 Excise, 1706 -

Plate Licences, 5th July 1758 - -

Coaches, 25th March 1747 -

Add1 Ditto, cth July 1776 -

Ditto.....1782....

Add1 3 s.per Barrel on Ale, 24th January 1761 -

Auctions, 29th September 1777 -

Table Beer, 5th July 1782 - -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, 25th October 1760 -

fthof 9 d.Bank Excise - -

.fth Ditto -....

3 d. Add1 Excise -

Low Wines, 29th September 1736 -

Add1 Ditto, 25th March 1743 -

Ditto ----- 1746 -

Ditto-ift July 1751 -

Ditto - - -.2ift April 1760 -

Ditto- - - 21st January 1762 -

Ditto- - - 30th May 1780 -

Sweets, 24th June 1737 ——

Add1 Ditto - - - 1780 - -

From the 5th January 1784 to the 5th January 1785. From the 5th January 1785 to the 5 th January 1786.

£ s. d. £ *-

: - - - . 397 *6 6f

2113 2,027 I

- . 1*690 3 2f

50,7*4 4 1 94,000

151 7 4$ 86,360 19 6f

- 18,326 2 6

J* 3 U 53 4 9

483 3 9 598 12 gi

400 2 8 *3* *3 7

m m 500

m 2 14 2

- 6 17 3

- 1 1 4

- 360 3 6

- — 2 $

6 1.6 6

10 6 6

3.328,72> -- 4

- 1 £ 4*586,463 t5 *

174*057 -r- t- 174,2*4

92*774 7 1 95,109 — m-

92,749 -v — 95*09

17.8^3 |03,*73 —

49*245 72,627 — — ,

226,044 I 237,784 — ' —

158^)42 — l63, H4 — -T-

97,412 96,418 — r-T-

*8,758 7 7 10,836 9 8

25,210 II 20,533 4

10,105 11 4^ 9>57* — "Tr

37.594 U 4 29,761 2 6f

101,936 ii 8£ 97,566 19 9

*0.613 3 3 *9,598 *9 10

20,883 6 6 *9,937 *9 *0

333.467 461,89,2 -n -

97-77* 136,503 -

*6,991 23,67° — ~

60,545 47,*99

133,982 a 3 126,247 11 7

40,887 40,144 »

90,742 2 3 82,074 n 8f

96,049 2 3 85,733 7*

53, P5* 7,440

*74,057 174,223

5,863 6,868 10 -r —

90,032 27,770 15

21,546 6,530

25,602 8,156

569,521 568,036

43,118 — — 42,279 -

22,979 22,439

321,165 308,488 14 3

49,730 11 5 49,778 5 li

124,326 8 7 124,445 14 4t

57.96i 58,020

9,693 4 — *2,57* 9 *

9,802 5 if 11,768 9 1

5,5'* 3 9* 5,247 — —

*3,783 *8 8 14,540

57-°34 4 — 57,667 2 8

11,576 A — i n,535 4 6

11,691 5 — 11,722 4 6

12,365 13, *5<? 6 6

6,265 6,542

JHidje*,

Si* Martin

s6 Geo. III.

393

E x c 1 %e — Co

Hides, 24th June 1711 -

Add1 Hides, 10th June 1712 - ... - -

Wire and Starch, Ditto "

Add1 Starch, 6th June 1780

Coffee, 24th June 1724 - - - - *

Old Cocoa Nuts, 5th July 1781 - - - "

Add1 Ditto -----1781- - -

Tea, 24th June 1745 - - - - * * *

Tea Licences, A° 1780

3,700l. per Week Excise - - - - "

Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, 25th March 1743 811(1

*752.....' - - " '

Glass, 5th July 1777 - -

Add1 Malt, 8th February 1760 - -

Ditto - 30th May 1780 ——

Cyder, 5th July 1766 ....

General Licences, nth September 1784 - -

Paper, &c. nth August 1784

Linens and Stuffs, 2d October 1784 -

15/. per Cent, nth August and 2d October 1784 -

Bricks and Tiles, 2d September 1784 -

Coffee, &c. A* 1759 -

Coachmakers Licences and Duty, 5th July 1785 -Surplus Duty on Tea, A0 1785 -

Total of Excise in the Year ending 5th of January 1785 -Ditto - -- -- - - 5th of January 1786

STAMPS:

From

the 5th January 1784 to

the 5th January 1785.

£ h d.

*29,947 -

77>376 — —

30,501-----

27,678 — — *5*576 9 4 *,673 — — 768 — — 267,744 i 8

8,868 -

196,100 -

72,255 — 7

74»785 -

342i25* ~

291,483-----

4,499 -

36,610 — —

685 — -

148 — —

9>°35 —

127 — —

5,292,512 6 io

From the 5th January 1785 _ to

the 5th January 1786.

Public Income and Expenditure;

130,097

77*99

26,634

29,261

455

90

s. d.

6 —

11

12 18

— I

8

3i

4*.805 3 6

9*579 "

192,400-----

73,089 12 id

87*375 ----~

348,907 — —

274,069-----

*4,587-----

45,266-----

12,103-----

29.655 -

6,275 —

77*775 —

114 15 608 — 108,249 2

5i

5,392,642 8 81

Pamphlets and Stampt Papers - - - - 42*337 2 — 41,640 5 5

Stamps per Hanaper Office, A* 1749 - - - - 3*50* — 7 3.647 10 3

Paper and Parchment, 31st July 1710 - - - 39,201 1 4 39»9l8 — 9

Paper, Cards, and Dice, 24th June 1711 - - - 18,291 8 10 *6,243 *9 11

Add1 Cards and Dice, 15th April 1756 - - - 9-4*9 *9 4 8,482 8 1

Ditto ----- 5th July 1776 - - - 9»°39 *9 4 8,156 5 1

Policies of Insurance, toth June 1712 - m - - - 0,622 *9 1 6,686 *5 —

Add1 Ditto - - - - 1st June 1765 - - - - 2,566 11,) 2,086 2 5

Apprentice Duty, ift May 1715- - - - - 6,196 I4 9 5,567 5 1

Add1 Ale Licences, A* 1756 Add1 Policies, 1st August 1782 -Add1 Carriages, ift August 1783 - - - 52>9®2 — 9 35.257 *4 10

m 95*a96 17,808 11 *7 10 3 9M53 ' 1 10

Poll Horses, ift August 1780 - m to m m 101,461 85,905 4 8

Add1 Stamps on Paper and Parchment, 5th July *757 - to - 83»4*4 3 — 76,405 *7 5

Ditto - -- - - -- -- *759 - - - 10,127 12 9 *>035 18 7

Ditto - -- -- 1762 - - - 423 11 1 427 1 7

Ditto ------- *765 - - 944 *4 3 920 10 4

Ditto ------- 1776 - - - 63»4*7 8 10 53,4*i 16 1

Ditto ---- ----- *777 - - 5°,557 *9 3 40,229 4 4

Ditto ------2d August *779 - - 25.883 9 11 22,150 *5 3

Add1 Stamp Duties and Bills of Exchange, ift August, September, *8.533 1 5 28,369 mmm 4

October, and November, 1783 -Ditto - - - 1 ft and 29th September, ift October, and ift No- 225,085 4 11 289,300 *7 6

vember 1784 - - - m - 33*439 — — 157,962 12 3

Add1 Paper and Parchment, A* 1731 - - - - 45-247 1 6 36,5*7 ID 7

Paper per Lottery, A* 1714 - - - - 2 *,599 *5 11 *8,054 8 3

Wine Licences, 5th July 1757 - - - - 18,422 1.265 6 9 17,611 M 5

Almanacks, A* 1781 - 1 1,788 — 10

Stamp Duties, ift August 1785 - *7,382 — — *

*7,48i — —

13,260 — —

Vo t.41. 4*342 Stamps

394

21° Martti.

A. 1786.

Public Income and Expenditure.

Stamp s — continued.

Stamps per Bank, A* 1783 -

Licences for Selling Lottery Tickets, A* 1782

Ditto.....1783

Ditto - -- - 1784

Ditto

5th of January 1786 -

INCIDENTS:

Salt, 5th April 1759 - -

Add1 Ditto 10th May 1780 -

Dit'o - 22d June 1782 -

700l. per Week Letter Money -2,300l. per Week Ditto - - 1784 -

Men Servants, 5th July 1777 (Arrears) Seizures, 25th O&o'.er 1760 -

Proffers, Ditto -

Fines of Leases, Ditto -

Letter Money, Ditto -

Allum Mines, Ditto -

Cora poll tions, Ditto -

Alienation Duty, Ditto -

Fines and Forfeitures, Ditto -

Rent of a Light House, Ditto -

Rent of Savoy Lands, Ditto -

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 -

1 s. Dedufl on Salaries, &c. 5th April 1758 -

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 -

Houses, 5th April 1778 -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 23d June 1710 -

Hackney Coaches, A* 1711 - -

Ditto ----- 1784 - -

Hawkers and Pedlars, A0 1785 -

First Fruits of the Clergy - -

Salt, A° 1785 -

Tenths of the Clergy -

Houses and Windows, A* 1747 -

Ditto- ----- 1758 -

Windows, A® 1762 -

Prom the 5th January 1784 to the 5th January 1785. From the 5th January 1785 to the 5th January 1786.

£ s. d. £ s- d.

12,000 12,000

- 29° 17 4

500

1,000

£ 1,016,876 12 8

- - - - 1,162,695 — 7

Total of Incidents in the Year ending 5th of January 1785 - £ Ditto - -- 5th of January 1786 - -

Total of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, in the Year ending 5th of January 1785 -

Ditto - - 5th of January 1786

227»447 5 3l 224,862 1 8|

57J>3i 13 4 56,715 7 8

58,43° 11 4 59,622 17

37,100 37,100

13,800 121,900

467 14 6 103

28,490 12 3 j 4,956 — 11

643 4 1 624 15 9

6,081 16 — 6,212 17 3

161,000 126,000

960 960 — —

7 *3 4 2 — 10

1,040 2 — i,353 iS 8

M M« CO 00 CO 160 — —

6 13 4 6 13 4

1 !3 4

47,400 49,800 — —

31,514 12 — 42,609 12 5

S99.736 10 4I 445,040 — 7

lx5>7°9 l5 — i I25,893 4 9i

2,696 — 8 3,914 6 —

11,000 — — 14,209 15 8

1,800 12,000 — —

- i,9°°

5,640 6 11 6,438 9- 3 i

6,000 — —

9,888 19 — 9,728 18 9*

*3 3

— 11 9

— 104

1,218,882 16 3I

- £ 1,35S, H5 M *

10,856,996 16 I

i*.499>9l6 18

Exchequer, the 8th Day of February 1786.

John Hughson.

Appendix

6 Geo. III. 21* Martii 395

Appendix (A) N* 10.

An ACCOUNT of the S'unis of Money due by the East India Company for Customs, the Payment of which was respited by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, between the 5th January 178,5 and thle 5th January 1786; specifying the Time when ilich Payments were made.

1785. May 12th. To Cash - - -....

31st. To Debentures for Drawbacks on East India Goods exported Augustnth. To Gath -

£ S’ d.

400,000----

1,000 18 2 117 18 11

401,118 17 1

Custom House,

London,

1st March, 1786. Receiver of the Grand Receipt,

under the Collector Inwards

Appendix (B) N* l.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Grofe Produce of the under-mentioned Duties, as far as the same can be made up;

distinguishing each Period, and each Assessment.

Amount of the Assessment made on all Inhabited Houses, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for Half a Year, ending the 5th Day of

April 1785....

Amount of the Assessments made on all Inhabited Houses, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, on Account of the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1786 ——

259,224 5 11 492,554 >6 6|

N. B. To complete the above Account for the Year 1785, Returns are wanting from Eight Surveyors; but to render it as perfect as possible, it may be proper to observe that the Returns from those Eight Officers, for the First Half Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1785, amounted to - -- 7,660 18 3i

Office for Taxes, 18th February 1786.

John Trencha Dan. Bull, George Blount,

John Dames,

F. Fownes

Appendix (B) N° 2.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

ACCOUNT of the Assessments on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, in Scotland, for 1784.

Amount for the Half Year ending the 5th of April 1785.....£. 8,266 13 9

Office for Taxes, Timothy Brent.

9th March 1786.

Vol. 41.

Appendix

Public Income and Expenditure.

Public laconic tad Expenditure*

2i° Martii. A. 1786.

Appendix (B) N* 3.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bu rgeffes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges of Management of the Duty on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the

Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

The Charges of Management on the above Duty is Six Pence Half-penny in the Pound on the Produce.

Office for Taxes,

13th March 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Appendix (B) N" 4.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th January 1786.

COUNTIES. RECEIVERS GENERAL. —

>785- £. s. d.

March 31. Durham and Northumberland - - Aubone Surtees - - 905 6 9

May 4. Somerset - - Charles Hutchings - - - 1,000

6. Northampton and Rutland - That Wal. Partington - - - 2,000 —

10. London - Chat Echo, W - - . - 10,000 —

11. Bedford- - - John Miller, Junr- - - - 1,250 — —

12. Hertford - - John Bulchen TVist - - m . 1,000 — .

13. Somerset - - Cha< Hutchins m _ m 2,000 i ,681 10 — .

14. Buckingham, Upper Division - - Henry Tompkins - - - - 6

20. Kent - - - - Sr Brook Bridges, Bar* - - - 6,000 — — -

26. Western Part of Essex - John Yeldham - 2,000 — _

June 6. Southampton- John Jennings - - 5,000 —

13. West Riding of York - George Cooke - . - 4,000 — .

— Lancaster - - - - John Gregson - - m 5,000 —

17. City of London - - Chat Edu/ Wilsonn . m 10,000 —

a 1. Durham and Northumberland - - Aubone Surtees - - ft,007 12 6

23. Sussex ----- - William Mitford - - 4,000 —

— Cambridge - - Samuel Francis - _ - 500 — —

25. City of London - - - Chet Edit/ Wilsonn _ 10,000 —

27. Buckingham, Lower Division - - Phillip Box - - - 1,000 — — «.

30. Chester - - Thomas Mills - - 3>4°° — _

July ao. Salop - - Somerset Davies - - - 2,000 — _

22. Cambridge - - Samuel Francis - . 500 — _

23. Cardigan, Carmarthen, and Pembroke Peter Dubuisson - . - 1,000 — —

August 3. Wilts - - Thomas Phipps - . 1,000 —

— West Riding of York - George Cooke - . 5,000 — —

— Warwick - - Bryan Troughton - - - - 1,000 — —

9. North and East Riding of York Marmaduke Constable - L m 4,000 — —

13. Suffolk - - John Spink - - - 2,000 — .

15. Gloster - - - - Sr John Guise, Bar* m 1,000 — —

16. Somerset - Charles Hutchins - - - 2,000 —

17. Nottingham - - - George Mason - - 1,000 —

18. Surrey - - - - John Ford - - - - 1,000 — —

22. Hampshire - John Jennings - - - 1,205 19 10

— Worcester - - Jos. Benoick - . - - 600 — —

23. Suffolk - - - John Spink - - - - 1,000 — —

— Kent - - - - - Sr Brooke Bridges, Bar' t . 2,000 — —

— West Riding of York - George Cook - - - m 300 — —

— Chester - - Thomas Mills - - 99 7 I

— Derbv ----- - Samuel Crompton - - - 1,000 — —

— Norfolk - - - - Roger Kerrison - - . 2,000 — —

— Worcester - - - m Jos. Berwick - - 200 — —

25. Oxford ----- - Thomas Walker _ 1,000 —

— Cumberland and Westmorland - Matthew Atkinson - 2,000 — - — Somerset

V

a6 Gfctf. III.

ni° Mart it.

97

C O U NT I ESi

1785.

August 26. Somerset

30

3

September 1.

6.

8.

16:

*7-

*9-

20.

30-

October

1.

- 5*

7-

8.

11.

*5-

J7-

l9-

21.

24.

26.

27.

November 8.

10.

14.

*5-

16.

17*

18.

24.

25-

28.

29.

December 2.

3-

7.

10.

*3-

14.

16.

J7-

20.

22.

23.

Vol. 41.

Part of

North and East Riding of York Durham and Northumb4 -Salop -

Bucks -

West* Part of Essex

Wilts....

Warwick - -

Somerset - - - .

Stafford -

City of London -

Devpn T -

Northampton -

West Rjding of York.

Cornwall -

North Wales - -

Wilts - - V"

Lancaster -

London -

Cornwall -

Devon -Glcifter -

Dorset - -

Norfolk - . -

Berks -Hereford -Lincoln -

Montgomery, Brecon, and Radnor Huntingdon - - > . -

Part of Devon -

Cambridge ——

Warwick Lincoln -

Dorset - - - - _

East,* Division of Essex - D* -

Cambridge -

Wilts....

Northampton -

Somerset

Southampton - -

Lincoln ——

Bedford -Bedford -Leicester -

City of London -

West* Divis" of Essex Gloucester

Herts -

Kent -

Surrey -

Bucks -

Worcester -

Norfolk -

North and East Riding of York

West Rid* of - - Ditto

Durham and Northumb4 -

Sussex -

Derby -

Suffolk -

Devon ----- Cambridge -

Devon

Salop ----- Norfolk -Gloucester -

Durham and Northumb4 -Monmouth -

Cumberland and Westmoreland Sussex - -

Stafford -

Suffolk -

RECEIVERS GENERAL.

Japies Coles -

Marmadnke Constable Aubone Surtees Somerset Davies -Phillip Box -John Yeldham Thomas Phipps Bryan Troughton -Charles Hutchings Francis Cobb Cha' Edw* Wilsonn R. Rose Drewe T. IV.Partington -George Cooke Charles Rashleigh -Bell. Lloyd -Edmun d Wilkins -John Gregson Cha' Edict1 Wilsonn Charles Rashleigh John Rose Drewe -S' John Guise, Bar* -

Francis Steward -William Fisher John Deane -John Cam -II. B Paces! -

John Herbert Owslev Rowley Daniel Hamilton -Samuel Francis Bryan Troughton -Bartw Clayton Francis Stewart -Robert Andrews

- - D*

Samuel Francis Thomas Phipps T. W. Partington -Charles Hutchings -John Jenningsi , -H. B. Pacey John Miller, Junr -

John Miller, Jun' -R. Ruding -Cha' Edict Wilsonn John Yeldham, Junr Sir John Guise, Bar* John Bulchen West S' Brook Bridges, Bar* John Ford -Henry Tomkins Jo?Bertoick -William Fisher Marmaduke Constable George Cooke Aubone Surtees William Mitford -Sam1 Crompton John Spink -Rich4 Rose Drewe -Chris* Pemberton -Richd Rose Dreive -Somerset Davies Roger Kerrison S' John Guise Bar* Aubone Surtees Paul-Morgan MatP Atkinson William Mitford -Francis Cobb John Spink -

1

L- *'

2.000 — —

840----

2,040 — — 1,500 " — I08 6 7

1.000 -

coo — v — 400 — — 500 — —

q,000 —

5-000 -

2.000 — -

60O ——

1,000 -

2,000 -

1,100 — —

500 -

2,000 -

,000

766

600

18 5*

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 — — 4

1.500 -

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1.000 — —

1.800 — — 900 — —

600----

600 — —

1,600 — ' - —

1.000 -

4.000 — —

3.000 — —

700-----

300 — — *

1.800 — - —

2,300 -- *4 —

5*597 16 5

coo-----

34° -1----

350-----

1.000 -

5*0°°-----

3.000 — —

2f500 -

2jOOOO ---- —

5.000 — -

4.000 -

100 4 9

500 — — 800-----

5.000 -

4.000 -

1 >95°----

826 2 1

5°o-----

2.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 — —

1.500 -

0,000 -

1.000 ——

55°-----

630-----

1.000 -

411 1 2$

3.000 -

2.000 -

1,000 -

West

Public Income and Expendi Lure.

Public

Idcodn and . Expenditure.

COUNTIES.

1785-

December 23. West Rid* of Yorklh. 24. Lanqafter

29. Cornwall

30. City of Lopdon 1786.

January 3. Part of Devon -

4. Salop.

Oil9 Marlii. A. 1781s.

RECEIVERS GENERAL. — -

- £ s. d.

m — mt - George Cooke -John Gregson -Charles Rashlexgh -Chat Eduf WUsom - 3,000 4.500 2.500 20,000

«. D. Hamilton -, Somerset Davies - 800 1,000 — — *

'N j£* =r= 258,160 6 2

/ For William Mellish, Esquire,

Receiver General.

J. Milk.

Appendix (C) N° 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bargefies, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the under-mentioned Duties, as far as the same can be made up;

specifying the Period of each Assessment.

Amount of the Assessment made on all Shops, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th Day of £. s. d.

April 1786.....---- 55.481 4 9*

Amount of the Assessment made on all Male Servants, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 - -- - - -- - - -- - 66,997 9 6£

Amount of the Assessment made on all Female Servants, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 - - - 24,426 16 6£

Amount of the Assessment made on all Horses, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fourth 1 of His present Majesty, and transferred to this Office by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Half a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 - 67,115 5 3

Amount of the Assessment made on all Four Wheel Carriages, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 ------- 87,942 10 9

Amount of the Assessment made onaU Two Wheel Carriages, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th Day

of April 1786..... 191907 1 6

Amount of the Assessment made on all Waggons, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, and transferred to this Office by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His> present Majesty, on Account, for Half a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 $926 4 6

Amount of the Assessment made on all Carts, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-third of His His present Majel'ty, and transferred to this Office by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, on Account, for Half a Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1786 - 5,846 18 —

N. B. The above Accounts are made from 168 Returns, which have been received from the Surveyors; but to complete the same, there are still wanting 14 Returns, the Amount of which cannot be ascertained at present.

Office for Taxes, 18th February 1786.

John Trencha Dan. Bull,

George Blount, John Eatnes,

I', fovnes Laltrell.

Appendix

CoogleJ

399

i6 Geo. III. a i ° Martii.

Appendix (C) N* 2.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Public Income and ^xpeiK^torcu

ACCOUNT of the Assessments for the Dudes on Male Servants, in the Year 1780, for the Divisioqs which were wanting in die Account from this Office, dated the 18th of February 1786; and the Amount of the Total Assessineots in that Year for the same Duties.

C

Amount of the 14 Divisions which were wanting - 3*591 9 —

Amount of the Total Assessments 50,247 o 6

Office for Taxes,

9th March 1786.

71 Brent.

Appendix (C) N* 3.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, mid Burgesses, a Parliament aflfembted.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges of Management on the Duties on Servants, Horses, Carriages,

Waggons, and Carts.

The Account of the Charges of Management on the Duties on Servients, Horsee, Carriages, Waggons, and Carts, is Six Pence Half-penny in the Pound on the Produce thereof.

On the Transfer of the above Duties to this Office, Two additional Officers were appointed, but they cannot he properly termed a Charge of Management, as the said Appointments were necessary for managing the Duties on Houses and Windows, and the Duties ou Inhabited Houses.

Office for Taxes, 27th February 1786.

A

John Trenchardy

George B, Geo. Hcqth.

Y01. 41.

Appendix

Public Income and Expenditure.

400

a 10 Martii.

A. 1786;

Appendix (C) N* 4-

North Britain.

An ACCOMPT of the Amount of the Duties remitted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to the Commissioners of Excise London, on Carriages and Male Servants respectively, for Three Years, ending the 5th July 1785; and also between 5th January 1785-and 5th January 1786.

As ordered in the Votes of the Honourable House of Commons, of the tft February 1786.

CARRIAGES.

Total Carriages. Male Servants

t 1747. 1776. \ 1782. TOTAL.

Remitted in the) Year ended 5 th J July 1783 -J 6,000 1,500 500 8,000 3,500 11,500

Ditto 1784 5,500 1.500 1,500 — — 8,500 — — 4,500 13,000

Ditto 1785 5.500 1,500 2,000 9,000 4,000 13,000

And also remit- ted between 5th Jan. 1785 and 5th January 1786 2,500 500 1,000 4,000 1,000 5,000 '

N. B. There was no Remittance made on the above Duties after 5th July 1785.

Excise Office,) Edinburgh, J

23d February 1786.

Alexander Geo. Brawn, T. Wharton, J. Balmain.

Jo. Blackader, Accomptant,

James Ramsay, Accomptant General.

Ex'1 per And" Hamilton, D. Comptroller.

Appendix (D) N* 1.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid into the Exchequer, on Account of the Duty on Horses, from the

Commencement of the same to the 29th of September 1785.

Stamp Office, Marsh 14th, 1786.

£ 106,852 16 —

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

Appendix

Geo. -III. 21°. Mart it.

401

Appendix (D) N* 2*

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on Account of the Duty on Waggons and Carts, between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785, and between the 5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786.

; Michaelmas 1784 and

Michaelmas 1785

0

5th of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786

Stamp Office, March 3d, 1786.

1 s.

14,321 3 8

15,080 8 9

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

» Appendix (E) N* 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act COUNT of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, during the Year ending Michaelmas 1785, of the several Taxes impoied in the Year 1784, and applicable to the Payment of the Annuities in respect of 6,000,000l. borrowed in the said Year; and of the Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

On Add1 Stamps, lft September 1784

Candles, 1st August 1784

General Licences, nth September 1784

Bricks and Tiles, lit September 1784

Add* Hackney Coaches, 1st September 1784 2,300l. per Week Letter Money, 31st August 1784

ik s

Silk and Lead, 20th September 1784 -

Linens, and Stuffs, 2d October 1784 - -

15 per Cent Excise, 11th August and 2d October 1784

fCustoms

fCustoms. [Excise -

- c -

- 97,799

fCustoms [Excise -

30

- 51,125

Add1 Paper, 11th August 1784 -Duty on Plate, lft December 1784

[Excise

s. d.

168,774 12 3

97,799 2 6

45,863

51,155 18 Al

11,800

- 101,200

69,147.14 10*

28,303

- 5,676

=} 9,174 12 —

£ 588,894

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1786.

John Hng

Vol. 4i;

5 K

Appendix

Public Income and Expenditure.

Public Iftcome and Expenditure,

402

i\° Martn. . A. 178

Appendix (E) N* 2.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, during the Year ending the 5th of January 1786, of the several Taxes itnpoled in the Year 17S4, and applicable to the Payment of the Annuities in respect of 6,000,000l. borrowed in the said Year, and of the Annuities granted in lieu of Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the! Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

On Add1 Stamps, lft September 1784 Candles, ill August 1784

fCustoms

\Excise

General Licences, ilth September 1784

Bricks and Tiles, lft September 1784 - j^dfe13

Add1 Hackney Coaches, lft September 1784 2,300l. per Week Letter Money, 31st August 1784 Silk and Lead, 20th September 1784 Linens and Stuffs, 2d October 1784 -

Add1 Paper, 11th August 1784 - -

15 per Cent. Excise, 11th August and 2d October 1784 Duty on Plate, lft December 1784 -

- £ — 2 61

- 103,173----- J

53 4 9l - 77,775 j

- - 2 14 2]

- 12,103 J

I-

{' g' d. 157,962 12 3

103,173 2 6

45,266 — — 77,828 4 9

12,000-----

121,900-----

86,360 19 6*

29,655-----

12,105 14 2

6,275-----

6 17 3

652,533 10 5»

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1786.

John Hughson.

Appendix (F) N* 1.

/ m

GROSS P R O D U C E of the Duty on Game Certificates, issued by the several Clerks of the Peace in the

different Counties, for 1784 and 1785.

Stamp Office, March 17th, 1786. Grols Produce of the Duty, on Game Certificates, issued by the several Clerks of the Peace In the different Counties, as appears by their Lifts transmitted to this Office. Stamp Office, March 17th, 1786. Grols Produce of the Duty on Game Certificates, issued by the several Clerks of the Peace in the different Counties, as appears by their Lifts transmitted to this Office.

Tb« Year 1784. Duty. The Year 1785. Duty.

England - - -Wales - - -Scotland - . - £. s. d. 23,970 19 6 . 1,088 6 6 ’ 812 3 6 England -Wales - - Scotland- - {. s. d. 46,738 13 ~ L393 17 6 2,757 6 —

.'25,871 9 6' 50,889 16 6

Frart Townend, Register.

Appendix

46 Geo. III. a i° Martii.

403

Appendix (F) N* 2.

Public Income and Expenditure

Aw ACCOUNT of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer between 5th January 1785 and the 5th January 1786, on Account of the Duties on Horses, Hats, Plate, Certificates for killing Game, and additional Duty on Ale Licences, impeded in 1784.

Horses Hats -Plate

Certificates for killing Game -Additional Duty on Ale Licences -

85,313 .15 6 25,372 15 5 16,048 185 12,693 6 11 14,533 16 —

157,962 12

a

Stamp Office,

March 1, 1786. J. Lloyd, pro Compt*.

Appendix (G) N* 1.

To the Honourable the Committee appointed to examine and state the several Accounts relating to the

Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNTof the Assessment on Houses and Windows for England, under an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, for the Year 1784; distinguishing how much thereof was returned from the Fourteen Distri&s omitted in the Account of the Assessments of the Shop Tax.

Amount of the Assessment for the Year 1784, ending the 5th of April 1785 -

Amount of the Assessment for the Fourteen Distri&s omitted in the Account of the Assessment for the Shop Tax - - - - -.

£ . 459,048 4 iof

24,110 lfi sk

Office for Taxes,.

16th March 1786.

Timothy Brent.

Vol. 41.

Appendix

404

21° Martii.

A. 178

PoMic Income and Expenditure.

Appendix (H) N* 1.

North Britain.

Ax ACCOMPT of the Amount of the Duties remitted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to the Commissioners of Excise London, on Carriages and Male Servants respectively, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1785; and also, between 5th January 1785 and 5th January 1786.

As ordered in the Votes of the Honourable House of Commons of the tft February 1786.

Carriages.

9 ✓V Total Male Total.

1 1747* 1776. \ 1782. Carriages. Servant*.

Remitted in the Yearl ended 5th July, £.8. 6,000 - £ * d. £ *. £ 3. d. 8,000 £. s. d. £ s. d.

1,500 500 — — 3,500 11,500

1783 - "J

Ditto - - 1784 .5,500 1,500 — — 1,500 8,500 7 4,500 — -- 13,000

Ditto - - 1785 5,500 1,500 2,000 9,000 4,000 13,000 — —

And aHo remitted"

between 5th January 1785 and 5th January 1786. 2,500 500 — — 1,000 4,000 — — 1,000 5,000

N. B. — There was no Remittance made on the above Duties after 5th July 1785.

Jo. Blackader, Accomptant,

James Ramsay, Accomptant General.

Excise Office, 1 .

Edinburgh, J 2* e ruar^ ' Exd per And" Hamilton, D. Comptroller.

Alexander Udny,

Geo. Brown,

T. Wharton,

J. Balmain.

Appendix

r

Ol

Appendix (I) N* i.

An ACCOUNT distinguishing the Amount of the Sums remitted from the Country, and those received at the Head Office, in each Calendar Month, from the

Commencement to the present Period, on Account of the several Taxes imposed in 1785; distinguishing each Tax.

- TOWN. c o u N T R Y.

r Pawnbrokers, 1785- Glove Duty, 1785. Attumk'S, &c. 1785. Poll Duty, 1785- r P.^u brokers, 1785. - Glove Duty, 1785- Atlomies, ftc. 1785. A Post Duty, 1785.

July - - - - £ s. d. £ d. £ s- d. £ S. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

August - - - 2,930 6lO 15 ' —

September - - 30 330 - 4,140 100 95 9 — —

October - - - - 430 - 3,380 195 3 — - - 798 10 5

November - - - 530 8,996 7 6 3,730 - 244 - 8,142 — 5

December - - - 540 838 17 6 4,477 16 11 - 231' 350 i 3 14,045 17 3

1786.

January - - 480 760 15 — 3,030 50 100 230 5,112 3 11

February - - - 140 49° 1,090 5 — 3,440 280 500 5oo 6,491 7 7

0\

o

w.

o

*0

n

cL

T? c

2 8 £

a 9 o'

p. A

SB

3 2-

Stamp Office, March 4th, 1786.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

o

<-r*

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

O-

o

eg.

FT

II %

Appendix (I) N* 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties on Attornies Licences; distinguishing the 5/. and 3/., and how much has arisen from the Warrants at 2 s.

D

Cl.

1 1 0 w ' N. COUNTRY.

r A r X

— 2s. 6d. 31- 5/. £ >' £ s. d.

November - - 14,051 385 1,217 8,996 7 6 December - 350 1 3

December - - 4,975 29 26 838 17 6

1786. 1786.

January - - - 7,682 10 9 1,035 5 — January - 230

February - - 7,662 17 ii 1,068 15 — February - 500

34,370 441 1,263 n,939 5 — 1,080 1 3

Stamp Office, March 18, 1786.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

Appendix (I) N* 3.

The AMOUNT of the Post Horse Duty, from the Commencement 1780 to 1785, distinguishing the Town from the Country.

TOWN. COUNTRY.

r Poll Horse Duty, 1780. Add1 Carr* Duty, 1783* \ TOTAL. r Post Horse Duty, 1780. Add1 Stage Duty, 17*3- TOTAL. TOTAL Town and Country.

£. . d. $ d» £ d. £« s. d. £. s. d. £ £ *' d.

1780 - - - 6,869 11 8 - 6,869 11 8 45,490 17 6 - 45,490 17 6 52,360 9 2

1781 - - - 25,203 12 11 - 25,203 12 11 71,083 4 1 - 71^083 4 1 96,286 17 —

1782 - - - 30,624 6 6 m m 30,624 6 6 . 70,720 6 9 m 70,720 6 9 ioi,344 13 3

1783 - - - 19,832 8 7 - 19,832 8 7 ‘ 76,540 4 11 m 76,540 4 u 96,372 13 6

1784 - - - 30,874 19 3 16,122 7 2 46,997 6 5 73, H2 15 8 3,871 19 1 76,984 14 9 123,982 1 2

1785 - - - 3«,303 9 9 19*382 4 11 50,685 14 8 7i,i98 *3 9 3,841 13 1 75,040 6 10 125,726 1 6

Stamp Office, March 20th, 1786.

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

O

0\

9

fc

<1

60

Ox

06 Geo. III.

oi* Mar tit.

401

Appendix (K) N® 1.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Medicine Duty in Town; viz.

Public Income and Expenditure

From the lft August 1784 to lft August 1785 ---- 1,593 2 3

Ditto from the 2d September 1785 to March 11th, 1786, inclusive - - 6,08818 9

Thos Matthews, Register.

N. B. Only the Sum of 54 6L 1 6s.has been remitted from the Country, but whether accruing from the former or present Year, cannot be ascertained.

Appendix (K) N® 2.

The PRODUCE of the Medicine Duty for Town and Country, from the Commencement,

September lft 1783 to August lft 1785.

s.

August 1 1784 ?* * n - 8,463 3 1

August 1 1785 - S - 3,860 2 8

Stamp Office. March 17th, 1786,

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

Apppendix (K) N® 3.

The PRODUCE of the Medicine Duty, from the Commencement, September lft 17^3>

to August lft 1785, in the Country.

August lft 1784 ----- 2,814 10 7

August ift 1785 - - - " - - - 2,268 — 5

Stamp Office, March 17th, 1786.

/. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

Yol. 41.

Append*

Appendix (L) N* 1

lif

I:

n

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Land and Malt Taxes, imposed in the Years 1774, 1775, >776, >777, >778, 1779, 1780, 1781, >782, and 1783; distinguishing each Year, and each Tax;

vis. the Land Tax from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt Duty from Midsummer to Midsummer.

O

00

land taxes.

21st - 3«. Aid, A0 1774 22d - 3«. Aid, A° 1775 40U1 - 41. Aid, A° 1776 41st - 4s. Aid, A* 1777 4*2d - 4s. Aid, A° 1778 43d - 4s. Aid, A0 1779 44th - 4s. Aid, A* 1780 45th - 4s. Aid, A° 1781 46th - 4*. Aid, A* 1782 47th - 4*. Aid, A° 1783

From Lady Day 1774 to

Lady Day 1775.

£. a. d. 276,600-----

From Lady Day 1775 to

Lady Day 1776.

£. k s. d. 70,157 12 IO *3<5,55°----

r 1

276,600 — — 906,707 12 1f

MALT DUTIES.

From Midsummer 1774 to

Ditto 1775.

From Midsummer 177 5 to

Ditto 1776.

From Lady Day 1776 to

Lady Day 1777*

From Lady Day 1777 to

Lady Day 1778.

£. s. 308,560 4 822,687 17 404,900 —

£. t. d.

23,884 3 2j

235,797 *‘n

1,237,618 11 6$

4*2,455 -

'>536,148 2 — i'»!) 18,155 6 7{

From Midsummer 1776 to

Ditto 1777.

From 'Midsummer 1777 to

Ditto 1778.

Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -Malt -

1/74 " -

1775 - "

1776 - -

*777 -778 - -

*779 - -

1780 - -

1781 - -

1782 - -

1783 - -

£. s. rf. £.. 3. d»

166,971-------130,214----

169,058----

"O

o

n

PT

166,971 —; —

£. 3. d.

1,600----

469,771-----

137*933 -

7t

2,015 — — 488,292-----

122,525 4 6

From Lady Day 1778 to

Lady Day 1779*

*35

4.253

*93.865

1,346,968

488,800

d.

3i

8

5i

H

'.934.022 3 'i

From Midsummer 177^ to

Ditto 1779*

£. d.

100 — —

180-----

1,0-20----

507,887-----

158,107 -

599,272 —

609,304 --

612,832 4 6

667,294----

From Lady Day 1779

to

Lady Day 1780.

From Lady Day 1780 to

Lady Day 1781.

From Lady Day 1781 to

Lady Day 1781.

From Lady Day 178a to

Lady Day 1783.

84

3-341

10,145

160,947

1,209,895

496,220

8.

19

8

l'

4

1

d.

9

5

6J

6

£. a. d.

54 12 4i 2,311 8 io£

5,136 1 54

26,654 18 7

162,249 4 5i 1,261,350 19 7 I 533*13°-----

9,800

1,211

3.938

23.253

154.227

1,201,846

530,878

3.

IO

5

18

19

10

11

d.

10

3

7 8J

Si

2

3°4

28

230

2,396

21,473

143,888

1,267,418

522,700

»4

7

10

7

x5

16

6

d.

4

8

2

9l

8

9

710 1

U615 16

?1,577 8 '69,847 .

*^38,725 i

From f Day 17S3 to »*y 17*4 From Lady Day 1784 to Lady Day 1785. To t als of each Tax.

8. d. £. s. d £ 1. d.

- - 1,278,476 15

- ... 1,314,446 2 11

84 6 6 1,5" *7 1,854,501 1 5

*4 7 10 250 *3 4 1,861,460 2 5

5;

8

1,*880,635 -----»---

3l

,990,887 5

*,925.*56 *6 ijl 1,958,440 18 54

j>om Midsummer 1779 to

Ditto 178

£. 2. d.

500 — —

476,597----

*97.335 -

From Midsummer 1780 to

Ditto 1781.

464

100

100

1,098

700

554.551

120,839

8.

d.

From Midsummer 1781 to

Ditto 1782.

From Midsummer 1782 to

Ditto 1783.

£. a. d.

200

400

1,000

520,014

120,994

422,437-----

i«

Exchequer,

"’'the 3d Day of March, 1786.

2. cl.

495,300 -

*927,874

' F rom

l?S}

to

Ditto i-84

130 9 685 *7 8,502 18 7-54° *2 *95.575 *7 1,168,673 13

1,887,435 6

*.935,574 9 1,908,945 13 1.975.684 14 1,957.000 18 1,663,973 13

to

1,382,872 — 6^17,637,499 13 9j

From Midsummer 1784 to

Ditto 1785.

Total of each Dufy.

s.

200-----

2,034----

530,952 — —

39*57°----

2>496 1,607 331 1978 188,603

8.

£. 8. d.

599*349 -

641,124-----

627,345-----

632,210 4 6

635,804-----

753,086-----

645*523-----

653*553 — —

371*548 " —

611,040-----

6,170,582 4 6

John H’tghfon.

Memorandum____.from Lady Day 1783 (the Time to which the Laud Tax Account ia made up) to the 5‘h Day of January 1786, there has been paid into the Exchequer, upon the -17(11 4,. Aid

’ ' A *783, the Sum of £205,222. 181. 3} </

OO

Os

fj

a6 GfiQ. III.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences attending the Militia of England and Wales, for the Years 1775, 1776, and 1777» distinguishing those incurred for the Annual Exercise, the Clothing, and the Pay of Serjeants, Drums, Contingencies, General and Subdivision Meetings.

1 1 Annual Exercise. Clothing. Pay of Serjeants, Drums, Sec'Contingencies, General and Subdivision Meetings. TOTAL.

£ s. d. £ s. d.; c * d. £ s/d.

1775 - to 49,462 1 — 45,671 56,190 8 6i 151,323 9 6i

1776 - - 49,929' 4 6 11,058 10 - — 57,324 13 8i 118,312 8 2f

1777 - - 48,407 9 6 i.t 8,067 10 — 58,503 8 Ai 114,978 7 10*

£ 147,798 15 — (it 64,797 172,018 10 7 384,614 5 7

Jrf Hosier, Deputy to

James West, Esquire, Auditor.

Rich* Gray, Deputy to

Henry Shelley, Esquire, Auditor.

John Fenwick, for

Thd Johnes, Esquire, Auditor.

y%\*.'Marta. ^409

: ’ i

Appendix (L) N* 2.

Appendix (L) N* 3.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money paid out of the Land Tax granted for the Years 1778, 1779, 1780*

1781, and 1782, for the Service of the Militia.

Years. Subsistehce. Clothing. Marching Money. General and Subdivision Meetings! TOTAL.

£ 4* d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s- d.: £. s.

1778 - 66 18 — 48,498 10 — 35,779 5 — 5,384 8 — 89,729 1 —

1779 - Nil. Nil. 15,141 19 — > 4,676 5 —; 19,818 4 "

1780 - Nil. Nil. 10,946 6 — 3,973 4 — 14,919 1° —

1781 - Nil. Nil. 15,203 9 — 4,794 6 — 19,997 15 ~

1782 - Nil. Nil. 10,623 18 — 4,578 15,201 18 —

£ 66 18 — 48,498 10 — 87,694 17 — 23,406 3 — 159,666 8 —

14th March 1786.

Jri Hosier, Deputy to

James West, Esquire, Auditor.

Rich* Gray, Deputy to

Henry Shelley, Esquire, Auditor.

John Fenwick,

for

Tho> Johnes, Esquire, Auditor.

VOL. 41;

5 M Appendix

Public Income arid Expenditure.

Appendix (M) N* u To the Honourable die Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

►H

O

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they flood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th of January 1786; with the Annual Interest, and other

Charges, payable thereon.

Principal Debt.

Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable for the fame.

Exchequer.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed, and uufubferibed to the South Sea Company -

Ditto - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 5* Gij. Tertij Rs. being the original Sum contributed -

Note, The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, &c. being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account; nor the 1,000,000l. charged on the 6 d. per Lib. on Pensions; nor the 2,000,000 A raised by virtue of the Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; nor the 1,500,000 A nor the 1,000,000 A nor the 1,000,000 A raised by Three several Acts of Parliament of the last Session, and charged on the Supplies of the present Year.

£. d. 1,836,275 17 10I 67,155 8 2}

2,200-----

18,000-----

136,453 12 8 8,195 12 —

540-----

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* Willi. 3,u Rs. and Two other Acts, 6* at 9° Annas Rnae. at 3 /. per Cent, per Ann. -Annuities, at 3 A per Cent per Ann. A* 1744, charged on the Surplus of the Add1 Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND.

3,200,000 — — 1,000,000 — —

97,285 14 4 3°>4oi 15 8

On their original Fund, at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. from 1st August 1743 ——

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, by A ft 3* Gij. iml Rs. ——

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities, at 3 /. per Cent per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery A* 1714 -

Ditto-- at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duty on Coals since Lady Day A* 1719 -

Ditto - - at 3 A per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day A* 1746 -

Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. consolidated by the Acts 25*, 28*, 29°, 31*, 32°, et 33* Gij. 2dl Rs. and several lub- £. $. d.

sequent Acts - -- - - -- -- - 101,401,169 5 11

Ditto - - at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. granted and consolidated with the above Capital, being Part of 6,000,000l. granted by an Act 24* Gij. 3*" Rs.; but by a Subscriber not having completed the Payment of 1,160/. being his Proportion for the Principal Sum of 2,000 A the iame is reduced to------- - 5,998,000 — —

"Ditto at 3 A per Cent, per Ann. consolidated by several Acts 25* Gij. 2a Rs., 5* et 2i# Gij. 3*" Rs. and charged on the Sinking Fund -

Ditto - - at 4/. per Cent, per Ann. granted by Acts 17% 20®, 21*, 22*, 23*, et 24* Gij. 3'" Rs. - - - -

Ditto - - at 5 A per Cent, per Ann. on 6,879,341 A 195. 6d. granted by an Act 24* Gij. 3,u Rs. to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures -. - - - *

Ditto - - at 5 A per Cent, per Ann. on 10,990,651 A io$. 4 d.granted and made Part with the above Capital by an Act 25* Gij. 3<u Rs. to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures - *.

3.200.000 — —

500,000-----

4,000,000 — —

1.250.000 — —

1.750.000 -

986,800 — —

107,399,696 5 if

37,340,073 16 4 32,750,000 — —

6,879,341 19 6

10,990,651 10 4

100,000 — —

15,000-----

121,898 3 5

37.500 -

52.500 -

29,604-----

3,282,247 8 10*

1,141,206----1

1,328,421 17 g

347*836 14 6} ^-4

00

549,532 11 6 OV »

J

MEMORANDUM: The Subscribers of too/: to the Lottery A* 1745 were allowed an Annuity, for One Life, of 9#. a Ticket, which amounted to 22,500l. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 12,383/- 5and the Subscribers of 100l. to the Lottery A* 1746 were allowed’an Annuity, for One Life, of 18 s. a Ticket, which amounted to the Sum of 45,000 but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 22,821/. 10 s.od.; and the Subscribers of 100l. to the 3 per Cent Annuities A* 1757 were allowed an Annuity, for One Life, of 1 /. 2 s.6d. which amounted to the Sum of 33,75 o/- but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 25,213/. 7 6d.-,

and the Subscribers of 100l. to the 3 per Ceut. Annuities A* 1761 were allowed an Annuity, for 99 Years, of 1 /. 2 amounting

wilhChacges of Management to the Bank of England, to 130,053/. 10#. 3d.; and the Subscribers of 12,000,000l. for the Service ®f the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity, for 98 Years, of 1 /. per Cent, which, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amounted to 121,687 /. 10 s. which Annuities of 99 and 98 Years were consolidated, by Act 4* Gij 3111 Rs.; and the Subscribers of 5,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1777, were allowed an Annuity of 10 for every 100l. contributed, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777, which amounted, which Charges »of Management to the Bank of England, to 25,351/. 11 s. 3 d.; and the Subscribers of 6,000,000Z. for the Service of the Year 1778, were allowed an Annuity of 10s. for every 100l. contributed, for 30 Years, from 5th January 1778, or for Life, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to 152,069/. 6#.’ Part of which Sum hath been, by the Subscribers, exchanged for Life Annuities, amounting to the Sum of 2,849/- *3 * but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 2,769 /. 13 s.;and the Subscribers of 7,000,000 /. for the Service of the Year 1779, were allowed an Annuity of 3 15 st

for every 100l. contributed, for 29 Years, from 5th January 1779, or for Life, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to 266,116/. 12«. 2d. Part of which Sum hath been, by the Subscribers, exchanged for, Lite Annuities, amounting . to the Sum of 5,318/. 18*. 7 d. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 5,174/. 18 s. 7 and the Subscribers of 12,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1780, were allowed an Annuity of 1 /. 16 s. 3d.for every 100l. contributed for 80 Years, from 5th January 1780,: which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of 220,558 /. 11s. to and the Subscribers of . 13>500,000/- foT the Service of the Year 1782, were allowed an Annuity of 17 6 d. for every 100l. contributed, for 78 Years,

from 5th January 1782, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of 1-19,786/. 2 7 and the

Subscribers of 12,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1783, were allowed an Annuity of 13 s. 4 for every 100l. contributed, for 77 Years, from 5th January 1783, which amounted, with Charges ef Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of 81,125 I. and the Subscribers of 6,000,000l. for the Service 1784, were allowed an Annuity of 5 6 for every 100l. contributed, for 75 Years and

6 Months, from^th July 17849 which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of 16,732 /. os. 7id.; all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the National Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same -....

s.

d.

A,

S.

d.

Q

w

o

o

1,193.674 7 3

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9* Gij. 1"' Rs. -Annuities, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. A* 1751, charged, on the Sinking Fund-

24,065.084 'J} r,919,600 '

<4.870 11

735,974 13 11 58,667 15 6

9,266,940 7 2

N. B. No Management is charged in this Account on 10,990,651 /. 10*. 4 granted by an Act 25* Gij. 3*" Rs. to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

n

9 0 2

Exchequer, the 8th Day of February 1786:

John Hug

Pul lie Income and Expenditure,

412 210 Martii. 178

Appendix (M) N® 2.

A S T AT E of the Charges of Management paid on Account of the National Debt.

For Management on 107,399,696 /. 5 s. 1 in 3 per C' Annuities

D* - on 37,340,073/. 16\d. Reduced Annuities -

D® - on 32,750,000l. — s. — in per C* Annuities

D® - on 6,879,341 /. 19*. in 5 per C' Annuities, A° 1784

I)* - on Long Annuities, payable at the Bank -

D* - on Annuities for 30 and 29 Years -

D* - on Annuities for 10 Years -

Allowance to the Bank, 00 their original Capital -

To the Bank, on 4,004,000l. purchased of the South Sea Company - -

To the South Sea Company, oti 24,065,084/. 13/ 11 ft/* -To D* for Management of 1,919,600l. in Annuities, A* 175* - . r

To the East India Company, on 3,200,ooooi. - - - - ' ' -

To - - D° - - - on 1,000,000l. lent by them ia 1744 - - ,

Memorandum.

Management on the Civil List Million ——

D® on 10,990,651/. 105. 4 d.in Annuities granted A* 1785, in lieu of Navy Bills, See. if computed at the Rate of 562/. 105. per Million -

The Charges at the Exchequer for Annuities on Lives and long Tetras, from 1692 to 1708 inclusive, amount to -

N. B. No Management is allbwed for Life Annuities, A® 1745, 1746,

1757, 1778, and 1779; nor for Annuities with Benefit of Survivorfinp, A* 1765, paid at the Exchequer.

£ s. d.

60,256 11 1

21,003 18,421 3.869 15 9i

17 6

12 7

9.567 15 4

5,685 18 2

351 11 3

4,000 1,898 — —

3 5

14,022 3 2

1,079 15 6

1,285 14 4

401 »5 8

141,844 »3 9i

360 — —

6,182 4 10

5,250-----

Appendix (M) N® 3.

Bank of England, 2d March 1786.

An ACCOUNT of Ndvy, Victualling, and TraOlpott Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, converted into. 5 per Cent. Annuities at the Bank of England, agreeable to an Act of the last Session of Parliament;

Amount of Bills. 5 L per Cent. Stock,

jC* '- d. £. s. d.

Navy - 6,401,423 — 9 7,131,181 1 3

Victualling - 2,925^04 4 4 3,259,343 1 4

Ordnance - 538,714 13 3 600,127 7 9

£ 9,865.941 4 £.10,990,651 10 4

A. Newlandt Chief Cashier.

Appendix (M) N® .4.

A S T A T E M E N T of the Diminution of the Charges, of Management of the Public Debt, since an Account of the said Charges was presented to the Ho.use of Commons, in the present Session of Parliament.

Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred and Fifty -three Pounds, which ariles from a Reduction of the Allowance to the Bank, from Five -hundred and Sixty Pounds per Million to Four hundred and Fifty Pounds per Million.

Treasury Chambers,

March 21st 1786.

Appendix

%6 Geo. III. 31* Martii. 413

Appendix (M) N* 5.

Aw ACCOM PT of the Annuities payable for Long Terms, shewing their Amount, and the Time when they will fall in; and also the Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, with the original Annuity granted, and the Sums to which they Hood reduced on the 5th of January 1786; viz'.

Annuity Time

Principal. and when they will

ANNUITIES for LONG TERMS. Management fall in.

£. s. d. £ d.

Annuities on 99 Years Excise - - - - 582,437 10 14 49,715 2 6 25th January 1792.

2-7ths gd. Excise - - - 74,174 9 — 6,515 12 — io October 1790.

3,700l. per Week Excise 456,530 31,830 6 8 5 April - 1803.

1706 - 360,445 18 9 24,724 1 6 D* - - 1805.

1707 124,424 8,152 2 2 D* - - 1806.

Ht Act 1708 - 75,368 4»918 12 7 D* - - 1807.

2d Act 1708 - - . - . - 162,896 10,597 5 3 5 July- - 1807.

£ 1,836,275 17 104 136,453 12 8

Annuities for 99, 98, 80, 78, 77, and 75 Years

and £ ----- 689,942 15 4 5th January 1860.

De - - for 30 and 29 Years - - 410,017 6 7 5 January 1808.

D* - - for 10 Years ----- 25,351 11 3 5 April, - 1787.

/ £ 1,261,765 5 10

ANNUITIES on LIVES.

Annuities on Lives granted Anno 1745 ....

1746- -

1/57....

1778....

1779. - .

The Amount of the Annuities for 2 and 3 Lives, charged on the 2-7ths gd. Excise -

Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted Anno

1765....

Original Annuity granted. Sums to which the Annuities were reduced by Deaths, on 5th January 1786.

£. d. £ d.

22,500 12,383 5 —

45,000 22,821 10 —

33,750 25,213 7 6

2,849 13 — 2,769 13 -f

5,318 18 7 5,i74 18 7

22,633 114 8,195 12 —

540 540

Appendix (N).

Av ESTIMATE of the Expence to be incurred under the Head of Exchequer Bills for One Year.

The Expence of Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the Land Tax in the present Year, may be efti mated at about ——

D° of the Exchequer Bills on Credit of the Malt Duties -

Probable Charge for Interest on the Land Tax and Malt Duties for the present Year -

The Charge on 2,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, continued at 3! per Cent, per Ann. for One Year -

D* on 1,500,000l. in Exchequer Bills, D° ——

D* on 1,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, which may probably be issued at different Periods -

D° on 1,000,000 /. at 3 d. per Cent, per Diem, that will also be issued at different Times, as/nay be most advisable for the Public Service

70.000 -

52,500-----

27.000 -

25.000 -

£ s. d.

78.000 -

42.000 -

120,000-----

t74,5oo-----.

Total estimated Expence of Exchequer Bills for the present Year

294,500-----

Vol. 41.

5 N

Memorandum

Public Income and Expenditure.

210 Marti'u

A. 1786.

414

Public Income and £xpenditure*

Memorandum:

In t. ture Years, if the Interest for Exchequer Bills to be issued on Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, should be reduced to 3/. per Cent, per Ann. the Annual Expence may be

eltiinated at..... ....

The Charge on the above 2,000,000l. at 3 per Cent, per Ann. -

The Charge on 1,500,000l. at 3 per Cent, per Ann. - - r r -

D* on 1,000,000l. at 3 per Cent, per Ann. (as the Bills may be issued earlier than in the present Year, it is therefore estimated at) ——

And 1,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, if issued at per Cent, per Diem, which will be issued at such Periods as may be most beneficial for the Service of the Public -

Estimated Expence of Exchequer Bills for the Year 1787 ----£.

& d.

103,000 — —

60.000 -

45.000 ---- —

25.000 -

25.000 -

258,000-----

When any Part of the Debt due to the Bank on the Exchequer Bills above dated is funded, it may occasion some Increase of Interest thereon.

Treasury Chambers,

March 18th 1786.

Appendix (O).

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Sums charged upon and payable out of the Aggregate Fund, exclusive of the Sums paid out of that Fund for Annuities and the-Charges of Management.

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household, payable at the Exchequer, by Acts 1 et 17* Geo. Tertij. Rs. ——

To his Royal Highness William Henry Duke of -

by Ad 7® Geo. Tertij Rs.

- D®

by Ad 25 Geo. Tertij Rs.

- his Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, by Ad 7® Geo. Tertij Rs.

- the Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire, by Ad 2® Geo. Tertij Rs.

- the Earl of Chatham, by Ad 18® Geo. Tertij Rs. -

- Geo. Lord Rodney, by Ad 23® Geo. Tertij Rs. ——

- Sir Geo. Augustus Elliot, by D* - -

- the Right Honble. Lewis Lord Sondes, by Ad 25® Geo. Tertij. Rs.

- the Right Honble. Lord WkoxmX Mountstuart, by D® -

- Philip Deare, Esquire ----- by D® -

- John Wigglesworth, Esquire - - - by D® -

- John Lloyd, Esquire - -- -- by D*- - -

- Charles Harris, Gent. - -- --by D®-

- Sir William Musgrave, Baronet, John Thomas Batt, Esquire, and John Martin Leake,

Esquire. Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, by D®

- Sir John Dick, Baronet,'and William Molleson, Esquire, Auditors of the Army Accounts, D* -For the Clerks, Stationery, and other Charges incurred in the Office of the Commissioners for

auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, by D® -To the Sheriffs of England and Wales, for defraying the Charges of taking forth their Letters Patent, passing their Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus -

£ i

886,000-----

8.000 — —

9.000 — —

8.000 -

3.000 -

4.000 -

2.000 -

1,500 — — ’

7.000 -

7.000 -

300 — —

300-----

300-----

200-----

3.000 -

1.000 -

6.000 -

4.000 — —

950,600-----

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1786.

John Hughson.

Appendix

r.

O

Appendix (P) N* 1.

Navy Office, 3d March 1786.

An ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimates of the Navy for the following Years. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons,

dated the 27U) of February 1786.

HEADS OF SERVICE.

Yards

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, Secretaries, Clerks, &c. -

Superannuated Sea Officers ——

Pensions and other Allowances - -

Chatham ——

Deptford - -. - -

Woolwich ——

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

Plymouth -

Mufier Mailers, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - - -....

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - .

Charge of Harbour Mooring and Harbour Rigging.

Ordinary Repairs of Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. -

Half Pay to Sea Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimates - - - £

Anno 1766. Anno 1767. Anno 1768. Anno 1769.

s. d. £ d £ s. d £ d

33>943 4 1 33,943 4 1 33,943 4 1 33,943 4 1.

21,215 8 1 20,644 8 10 19,418 1 1 18,289 10 10

7,062 — 9 7,834 10 9 7,634 10 9 6,769 10 9 '

3.295 1 6 3,295 1 6 S.295 1 6 3,295 1 6

3.142 11 4 3,142. 11 4 3,i'42 11 4 3,142 11 4 1

2,520 8 8 2,520 8 8 2,520 8 8 2,526 8 8 O'

4,054 14 6 4,054 14 6 4,054 14 6 4,054 14 6

1,813 4 6 1,813 4 6 1,813 4 6 1,813 4 6 S-

3,245 9 6 3,245 9 6 3,245 9 6 3,245 9 6

3.325 6 11 3,577 16 11 3.577 16 11 3,657 16 11

53.148 14 9 54,050 2 5 52,32.7 8 7 50,378- 9 8

23,302 4 2 23,630 14 2 22,850 12 - — 22,076 8 4

51,069 — — 49,739 — — 46,263 — — 46,263 — — .

103,614 — — 102,454 — — 105,185 — — 105,674 — —

97,000 — — 94,oooo — — 105,900 ' — — 103,900 — —

1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6

412,983 6 3 409,177 4 8 416,403 — 11 410,255 8* 1’-

o

o'

n'

CD

CL

cr

*0

o

o

Cha? Middleton.

Edto* Hunt.

J. HensUm.

Geo. Marth.

Wm Camp:

Cn

§ p S'

o- r

el s Sr.

a6 Geo. Illi

e

HH

On

Appendix (P) N* 2.

Navy Office, "I 28th February 1786. J

An ACCOUNT {hewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769; and also, the Amount of the Expences incurred, for Services not provided for by Parliament, during the same Period. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 27th February 1786.

0 (Q r+

n’ CD CL cr 0

0

0 n

C* a $k

rT X

MEN. GRANTS. 1766. 1767. 1768. 1769.

l6,000 Seamen and Marines, at 3/. 16 j. per Man per Month, exclusive of 4#. per Man per Month, £ s. d. £ d. £ £. s. d.

which is accounted for by the Ordnance ----- 790,400 790,400 790,400 790,400

Extra Repairs and Buildings - 277,300 328,144 277,954 282,413

412,983 6 3 409,177 4 8 416,403 — 11 410,255 8 1

Total Ordinary Grants for the Navy - - - - £. 1,480,683 6 3 1,527,721 4 8 1,484,757 — I. 1,483,068 8 1

- Additional Grants*towards discharging the Debt of the Nay, - - £. 1,200,000 — — 300,000 _ - - 400,000

c 2,680,683 6 3 1,827,721 4 8 1,484,757 " 11 1,883,068 8 1

Expence incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament (the Expence of the Navy

exceeding the Ordinary Grants for each Year, by) - - - - - £. 172,328 13 3 56,148 7 3 126,085 17 4 143,687 19 —

Chef. Middleton, Edit/*. Hunt. J. Hcnslow Geo. Marsh. TVm Campbell.

ai° Martii. A. 1786.

26EO. III.

2 i° Martii.

4l7

Appendix (P) N* 3.

- *.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 17S6.

S Yards /

so the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office 01 Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances -

' Chatham - -

Deptford -

Woolwich -

Portsinouth -

Sheerness ——

Plymouth -

Muster Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports . Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

i. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging -

I. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. -

5. Half Pay to Sea Officers ——

6. Bounty to Chaplains - -

7. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

s.

25,9'9 »7 11,349 16 4,200 5 3,640 n 4,057 16 6,126 10 — 2,434 8 6 I 4,946 7 8 J

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1786 -

Public Income and Expendituie.’

£ s. d.

47,492 8 1 37,269 14 8

25,405 18 6

4,508 6 11 78,298 11 10 33>795 19 2 69,910-----

1 95,370----

193,000-----

1,231 17 6 6,044 2 —

692,326 18 8

Appendix (P) N* 4.

Hulls ----- 393,090

Rigging and Stores - - - 118,350 Hulls ----- 143,890

Rigging and Stores - - - 50,410

Towards the Improvements in the Yards and Victualling Premisses -

Grand Total

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards -

-2 OO £

1 r - 511,440

- 194,300

- 105,170

> M £ 810,910

Vol. 41.

5 0

Appendix

wsr*

* g.

D B r»

S»

e a

3 *

oo

Appendix (P) N*5.

Navy Office, 1 An ACCOUNT of the Sums granted for the Ordinary of the Navy in the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, with the Medium of those Years, compared with 11th March 1786. J the Sums granted for that Service in the Year' 1788.'

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

FT

Heads of Service. A0 1766. 17«7- 1768. - 1769. Total of the Years Grants. f 1 t , . 1 Medium of (boie’Years! *111(1, Granted for the Ordinary 1786. Ordinary more for 1786.

Salary to the Lords of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, Secretaries, £ s. r d. £ 3. d. k £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 8. d. £ s. d. £ 8. dr & s.

Clerks, &c. - 33.943 4 1 33,943 4 1 33? 943 4 1 33,943 4 1, . 135,772.16 4 33»943 4 1 47,492 8 1 13.549 4

Superannuated Sea Officers - - - 21,1215; 8 1 20,644 8 10 19,418 1 1 18,289 10 10 79,567 8 10 19,89* 17 2f 25,919 17 9 6,028 — 6*

Pensions to Sea Officers, &c. - 7,062 9 7,834 10 9 7,634 10 9 6,769 10 9, 29,300 13 — 7,325 3 3 i«,349 16 11 4,024 13 8

" Chatham - 3.^95 1 6 3,295 1 6 3,295 1 6 3,295 1 6 13,180 6 — 3,295 1 6 4,200 5 — 9°5 3 6

Deptford - 3r>42 I*' 4 3,142 11.4 3,142 11 4 3,142 11 4 12,570 5 4 3,142 11 4 3,640 11 4 498 — —

Yards. < Woolwich - - 2,520 8 8 2,520 8r; 8 2,520 8 8 2,520 8 8 > 10,081 14 8' 2,520 8 8 4,057 16 — 1,537 7 4

Portsmouth - 4,054 H 6 4,054 14 6 4,054 14 6 4,054 14 6. 16,218 18 — 4,054 14 6 6,126 10 — 2,071 15 6

Sheernefe - - . 1,813 4 6 1,813 4. 6 1,813 4 6 1,813 4 6 7,252 18 — , J»8l3 4 6 2,434 8 6 621 4 —

_ Plymouth - - - - 3,245 9 6 3,245 9 6 3,245 9 6 3,245 3,657 9 6 12,981 18 — 3,24o 9' 6 4,946 7 8 1,700 18 2

Officers of the Out Ports - 3.325 6 11 3,577 16 11 3,577 16 11 16 11 14,138 17 8 3,534 14 3 4,508 6 11 973 12 8

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - 53H48 14 9 54,050 2 5 52,327 8 7 50,378 9 8. 209,904 15 5 52,476 3 IOJ 78,298 11 10 25,822 7 ni

Victuals to Officers and Men therein 23,302 4 2 23,630 14 2 22,850 12 — 22,076 46,263 8 4 91,859 18 8 22,964 19 X /1 33,795 *9 2 10,830 19 6*

Harbour Moorings, and Rigging Ordinary Repairs of Ships in Harbour, 51,069 — 49,739 46,263 1 ' - 193,334 mmmmm 48,333 10 69,910 - 21,576 10

Docks, Wharfs, &c. - 103,614 — — 102,454 — 105,185 — — 105,674 — — , 416,937 — — 104,231 1.5 — 195,370 — — 91,138 5 —

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers 97,000 — — 94,000 — 1P5,9°° — — 103,900 — — 400,800 — — 100/200 — — 193,000 — — 92,800 — —

Bounty to Chaplains - Sick and Hurt ----- 1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6 1,231 17 6 4,927 10 i,i3‘ 17 0 1,231 6,044 17 2 fi No Difference 6,044 2 —

Total - - - £ 4*2,983 -.6 3 499,177 4 8 416,403 — 11 410,255 8 1 1,648,818 !9_ 11 412,204 14 9i 692,326 18 8 280,122 3 iof

CD

D

CL

k

00

ON

si® Martii.

g

ta

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

rT

t*

Appendix (P) N* 6.

jfei

Navy Office, 1 20th March 1786./

1

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of any Extraordinary Expences included in the Estimates preferred to the House in this present Session, beyond what may be expected to be the Average (as far as the Commissioners of the Navy are at present enabled to judge of the fame) of the Services in that Department, on a permanent Peace Establishment. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Committee appointed to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers presented to the Honourable House of Commons, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure; dated the 15th Day of March 1786.

N. B. This Account is prepared on a Calculation of a permanent Peace Establishment taking place towards the End of the Year 1790, and contains the Reasons why some

Articles cannot be expected to diminiffi, and why otheis may.

HEADS of the GRANTS. Sums granted for 1786. Estimate of Average Expence on a permanent Peace Eftnblifhiuent.

N* £0 9 d £. t. d.

Seamen, 18,000 936,000 936,000

1 / ORDINARY.

Salaries to the Lords of the Admiralty, and! Commissioners of the Navy - - - -J Pensions Charge of the Yards Salaries and Pay ----- -J Officers of the Out Ports r - 47-49* 8 1 37.269 14 8 25,405 18 6 4,508 6 11 47.492 8 1 34,000 25,405 18 6 4,508 6 11

Wages of Men borne in Ordinary -Viduals to Men borne in Ordinary - " r . 78,298 11 10 33.795 »9 j 107,094 11 —

Hatbour Moorings - - 69,910 62,000

Ordinary Repairs - - >95.37® 150,000

Half Pay - . - - 193,000 190,000

Sick and Hurt 6,044 — 6,044 2 —

ON THE HEAD OF EXTRA.

Extra Repairs - 810,000 200,000

TOTAL - - - 2.437.095 > 2 >.76*.545 6 6

REASONS FOR THE CONTINUANCE OF THE SAME SUMS ON SOME HEADS, AND FOR A DECREASE ON OTHERS.

c&

3

CL

R*

Estimates of this Kind being always subject to a Variety of c ontingent Alterations, it is impossible to make any Calculation that can be depended upon as accurate; but as far as we can judge, from the Experience of former Peace Establishrnents, compared with the present advanced State of the Fleet, and Improvements, in the Yards, we are hopeful, on a Suppofuiou that 18,000 Men are kept employed, that 1,800,000l. will be found adequate to the grcuteU Demands of the Fleet on a permanent Peace Establishment* and probably more.

If. B. But in the Interval, before she Fleet can be put compleatly on the Footing here described, the Grants for the Extra mud necessiirily exceed the Average here estimated; it cannot be dated

exactly to what Extent, but we conceive they may amount to a Sum from *2,000,000l. to 2,4.00,000l. for the whole of the Four Years.

Cha* Middleton, Edv/ Hunt, J. Henjlow, Geo. ilarsh, Geo. Rogers, W. Buhner, \Vm Campbell, E. Le Cras.

*0 c r-

El' x

5 8.

ON

a

pi

o

Should the same Number of Men here stated be kept compleat, the Four Pounds per Man per Menfein, granted for the Seamen of the Navy, will be generally found inadequate to the Expence, even in Time of Peace, not only from the increased Price of Provisions, j but from its being fuLjed to several Demands, not otherwise provided for by Parliament; no Reduction therefore can be expected Ion this Head.

f There is no Probability of this AtticJe.lessening, as the Increase of the Navy has naturally brought forward with it an Increase of \ Buildings, further Exteufion9 of the Yards and Instruments, which mud of course be continued for keeping Pace with the Business.

May be expected in the Course of a few Years to decrease to this Sum.

There js no Prospect of any Diminution on this Head, for the same Reasons as is given in the First Article of the Ordinary.

This Article is as low as can be expected.

These Two Articles are dependent on each other, and cannot, under the present Circumstances of the Fleet, be expected to diminiffi; we are hopeful, however, that when th£ Works of the Fleet are in greater Forwardness, 5,000l. per Annum may be laken from them, to reduce them to the Sum here stated.

The Increase of the Meet b*-s naturally brought an Increase of Expence on tins Article; but as the Moorings are in a better State of . Repair at present than they have been for many Years, it is to be hoped that, after some additional Moorings are laid down at Salfash for [the Ships at Plymouth, and at Oakhamness for those in the River Medway, this Article may be decreased to the Sum here elliniated. f As the Fleet may be supposed in a few Years to be in a very forwaid State of Repair, it is hoped the Expence on this Article will I confklerably decrease; which we have therefore ventured to put at this Sum.

) From the Experience of former Peace Establishments, the Expence on this Head has decreased so insensibly as not to be looked on as an ^Object of Reduction.

No Alteration, for the same Reasons as in the First Article.

f The preceding Calculations are grounded on what may probably be the State of the Fleet towards the F.nd of the Year 1790, and: which we have takeu as the bell Year for grounding a permanent Peace Establishment upon, taking it for granted the Improvements [in the Dock Yards will be forwarded as much as possible in the intermediate Time.

1

4*

Mi

NO

D

CO'

1-4-

n’

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

OQ

Appendix (Q) N* I.

A C COUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums voted upon Estimate, by Parliament, for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1765 to the

24th December 1769, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Head of Service, and each Year.

1766, for 365 Day*- 1767, for 365 Daya. n 1768, for 366 Days. 1769, for 365 Days.

ESTIMATES. ✓V

f — ( r \ t

Numbers. Charge. Numbers, Charge. Numbers. Charge. Numbers. Charge.

d. c s. d. 1. J. r/. £ s. d.

Guards and Garrisons - - - 17.306 00 0 0, O ’9 9 16,754 593,986 15 7 17,253 600,221 12 10 17,142 602,673 15 7

Plantations, &c. ---- 14,446 394,505 1 3i 14,947 405,607 2 11 ?4,447 396,950 4 9 I4t447 397,835 18 7

Irith Regiments Abroad - - 2,205 7,993 n 4 2,147 7,201 7 2,147 7,226 17 2-j 1,792 4,661 12 m 4

Staff in Great Britain 11,291 8 6f - 12,203 5,633 18 6* - 12,237 7 3 - 12,203 18 6l

Full Pay to Officers Reduced - - 5,718 6 8 - 3 4 - 5,227 14 — - 4,763 5 —

Half Pay, &c. - 138,674 — — - 137,403 — — - 134,146 13 — - . 128,351 — —

Widows ----- 1,614 — — - 1,530 — . — - 1,536 — — - 1,480 — —

Chelsea Hospital ---- - 120,875 16 8 - 119,583 2 6 - 122,449 17 6 - 118,761 17 6

33,957 1,286,281 4 3 33,848 1,283,154 17 5i 33,847 1,285,996 6 6i 33,381 1,270,731 7 9t

N. B. Applied to Chelsea Hospital out ofl the Poundage - - - -J - n,oooo — 4 13,500 — — - 13,500 — ► 11,367 1 8

1,275,281 4 3 £ 1,269,654 17 5i £ 1,272,496 6 64- L 1,259,364 6 H

War Office, ift March 1786. _____________________________________

Appendix (Q) N* 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred and paid for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1765 to 24th December 1769, both Days inclusive j distinguishing each Year.

YEARS.

2

<L

H*

War Office, ift March 1786.

For 1766

1767

1768

1769

Sums borne on the Account of Extraordinaries. Sums voted in Aid. Total by Vote.

- - - { £97,992 18 7 217,924 17 10 - £315,917 16 5 199,988 4 2

122,138 9 ii 192,975 18 — £47,724 8 li 28,832 16 10

315,114 7 i* 76,557 4 Hi 238,557 2 2i

- - - L 321,597 7 7i 86,332 16 10 235,264 10 gi Geo.

21° Martii. A. 1786.

g

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

Appendix (Q) N* 3.

ACCOUNT of the Expences of the Army in the Years 17 66, 1767, 1768, 1769. *nd the Medium of those Years, compared with the Estimates of the prefrnt Year.

Decrease in Numbers, 1786 - -

30,127

3.6s*

1766, for 365 Days. *767, for 365 Days. 17681 , for 366 Day.. 1769, for 365 Days. Total for Years. Medii jm for Yean. 1786,

Numbers. Charge. Numbers. Charge. N umbers. Charge. Numbers. Charge. Numbers Charge. Numbers.

GUARDS and Carrifons 17»3°6 £ 605,608 19 d. 9 16.7 54 £ *. 593,986 15 d 7 *7»*53 £ 606,221 s. 12 d. 10 17.14* £ 602,673 s. 15 d. 7 £ 2,408,491 S. 3 d. 9 17.114 J- 602,122- a. d. 15 li\ 17*638

Plantations, exclusive of Provisions 14.446 340,950 1 — 14.947 352*052 2 8 14.443 343.248 10 — 14*447 34'.999 3 6 1,378,249 17 2 14.572 344,56* 9 35 9.546

Irish Regiments Abroad 2,205 7,993 if 4 *.147 7,201 14 7 2>i47 7i*26 17 *i 1,79* 4,661 12 7 27,083 15 H 2,073 6,770 18 ui *>49°

Staff in Great Britain - - - 11,291 8 61 - - 12.203 18 61 . 12,237 7 3 - - 12,203 18 61 47.936 12 !°l - - 11,984 3 *1 -

Full Pay to Officers reduced - - - 5,7 8 6 8 - - 5.633 3 4 - 5.227 >4 — - - 4>763 5 — 21,34* 9 — - 5*335 12 3 -

Half Pay, British - - 138,674 — — - - 137.403 — — - - 134,146 13 — - - 128,351 — — 538,574 13 — - - 134,64313 3 -

453

Widows Pensions, actual Charge - - 15,288 3 10 - - 14,542 4 11 - i4»x67 13 11 - - 13,371 14 5 57.369 17 I - - M.34* 9 3* - -

Chelsea Out-Pensioners, actual Charge - - 120,875 16 8 - - 119.583 6 - - ’ 122,449 17 6 - - 118,761 17 6 481,670 14 2 - - 1*0,417 13 6* - -

33.957 1,246,400 7 9i 33,848 1,242,606 2 «f 3 i>*47 1,244.9*6 5 «! 33,381 1,226,786 7 if 4,960,719 2 9 33,759 1,240,179 15 8} 30,127

Deductions - - - - 24,674 3 IO - - 26,506 4 11 - - ' 26,131 >3 IX - - 23,258 16 1 100,550 18 9 - - 25,14* 14 *i - -

Difference or TOTAL - - £ 1,221,726 3 >i i 1,216,099 17 *f 1.218,794 11 9\ - - 1,203.527 11 1 4,860,148 4 — 33.759 1*215,037 I — 30,127

Charge.

£ 647,005 — 8

231.567 3 5

6,358 3 -

6,4c 9 8 —

*4,678 — 8

173,000-----

53»5o» 17 2

3.535 — 6 59.32® 13 5 8.230 8 7J

15,201 —

*7.9^3 1 9!

162,572 i5 9

M'9.343 14 xii *1.568 1 3j

1.397.775 i» 8J x.215^37 l — .

i8*.738 ix %\

Encieafe.

Decrease.

1786.

44,83a 4 8 J

19.34* *

38,356 6 53,5°* 17 3.535 — 59.3*o 13 8,130 8

*58 1* 8}

*7,963 1 9$ 4*.i55 i{

*98.146 16 3}

11*,995 5 i°f 4«» *5 >»i 5-574 15 >i

tA

ns

CD

s

Q-

THE actual Charge for Chelsea Hof pit al, both for In and Ouc Pensioners, and for Widows, being set down in the above Statement instead of the Sums voted, the following Deductions are to be made on each Year; vise.

Widows actual Charge -

Voted 1766 -

Difference -

Chelsea Out Pensioners, actual Charge -Poundage applied -

Total of Deductions as above - -

1786. Poundage applied in Aid of the Articles undermentioned) vix.

To Chelsea Hospital In Penflkers -D° Out Pensioners -

Widows Pensions -

In all, as above

- c

War Office, 17th#larch 1786.

15,288

1786.

>7 66. 1767. 1768. 1769.

d. £ d. £ 1. d. £ »- d £. *. d £. d. £ s. d. £ t. d.

1 *0 " 14.54a 4 11 ... 14,167 13 n 13.371 14 5

17,674. 10 1.536 - 1,536 - 1,480 11,89114 5

J/ / T j *w 13,006 4 11 is,631 13 XI

> 8 - 119.583 2 6 ... 122449 17 6 _ 118,761 17 6

11,000 — — - 13*500 — — - 13,500 - ii.3*7 i 8

£ *4.674 3 10 - 26,506 4 11 - 26,131 13 11 - *3.*58 l6 I

6,738 10 34

11.037 17 6

3.791 14 6

*1.568 2 34

Mtmrandum:

There being a Deficiency on the Vote for the Difference between British and Irish Pay of Corps serving Abroad for the Years 1784, 1785, and 1786, about 3,000l. or 4,000l. more will be wanted to compleat the Annual Charge,

ON

O

w

o

118.98* 17

jMeSfof°n4 y'of t,#

J with 1786. cars» conipared

4*

Public Income and Expenditure.

\22

A. 1786,

Appendix (Q) N" 4.

The present Peace Establishment being eoniidered as permanent, the probable Charge attending it must be considered as continuing the fame, excepting as to such Diminutions as may in Time take place on the Articles of Half Pay and Chelsea.

'l lie Extraordinary Expences of the Army may probably be expected to be reduced below the Expence of the present Year, according to the Paper annexed to this Report.

Towards defraying tiiefe Services, it is difficult to state with Precision what Sayings will accrue. — They must chiefly arile from the Sums voted upon Estimate for the Recruiting and Contingent Services, or from the Savings on Non-effectives; all of which must, from their Nature, be fluctuating. But it is probable, that supposing the Army to continue in tiiefe Ilefpe&s in its present State, there may arise Savings to the Amount of about 40,000l. per Annum, applicable to the defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army.

War Offic\

March 1786.

ESTIMATE of the Expe

N* of Men contracted for.

Gibraltar - .5,000

Nova Scotia - - 3,000

Canada - 3,500

"West Indies - - 2,000 13,500

Geo. Yonge.

to the existing Contract Prices.

Deduct

- 2,000 reduced since the Contra6fc

11,500 - , -

Deduct Stoppages froqi Troops in North America and West Indies

c

39»i07

23,138

26,994

15,425

71,000

ES TIM A T E of the probable Extraordinaries of the Army, for One Year.

G ibraltar

1,800

Canada 17^5

Nova Scotia

r Civil Establishment 1785, drawn for by the Governor on the Lords of the Treasury -

Army Extraordinaries drawn for by the Deputy Paymaster. on the Paymaster General; viz'.

Pay of Staff - . £ 4,000

Quarter Matter General’s Department - - 27,000

Engineers Department - - 4,750

Indian Department - - - 3,700

Contingencies - m. " 5,000

'Indiscriminate Contingencies 21,500

Barrack Department - 494

Fuel D* " 451

Storekeeper D* - 530

Paymaster's Contingencies D° _ 340

CoinmifTary General’s D* - 670

Auditor of Accounts D* - 268

Lodging Money - 762

Engineer Department mm 6,300

N. B. — The above Extraordinaries of Canada and Nova Scotia are the Net Amount expended in the Year 1785 (omitting those Articles that appeared of a temporary Nature) which it is supposed will Annually diminish, but to a hat Amount it is impossible to ascertain.

c

22,000

44,450

66,450

L

3i,3i5

99»565

West

Die ed by

2^ Geo. III.

21° Ma.

423

West Indies and Jamaica.

Dominica ----- £. 4.000

Grenada - - 4,300

St. Vincent’s - - - - 4,000

Barbadoes - -- -- - 3,000

Bahamas - , - - - - 1,200

St. Christopher's ----- 2,000

Antigua - - - 1,500

Indiicriminate Contingencies paid by the Deputy Pay-

matter for all*the Islands, in 1785 - - - - 8,000

Jamaica ---- 2,000

N. B. The above are Computations upon an Average, from the best Materials that could be procured from Accounts in the Year 1785, and will probably diminith Annually. Indian Presents for Canada -Pay of Commissaries in North America -

This Expence may be considerably diminithed when their Services for the Loyalists are no longer required.

Governor of New Brunswick -

Governor of Newfoundland -

Pay and Contingent Expences of tain General Officers in Great Britain ——

Sundry Annual Services in Great Britain -Extra Feed for Dragoons on Coast Duty -Extraordinary Annual Contingencies -

Extraordinaries.

£ 99.565

30,000

12,000

3,800

500

500

8.000

16.000

15.000

5.000

£ 71,000 Public

Income and Expenditure.

War Office, 20th March 1786.

Geo. Y

190.365

261,365

Appendix (R.) N* 1.

Aif ACCOUNT of the Total Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land and Sea Service, for the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, compared with the Sums voted on Account of the said Years. Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, 27th February 1786;

£. j.

1766.

Total Expence incurred -Voted for

Ordinary - -

Extraordinaries -Unprovided - -

51, per Cent on the Vote for 16,000 Seamen

£ s. d. 128,627 8 9 51,818 10 6 51,190 6 6 41,600----

Total voted

1767.

r Total Expende incurred Voted for

Ordinary txtraordinaries Unprovided * 16,000 Seamen

130.548 2 6 39,051 17 8 68,944 12 11 41,600-----

f Total Expence incurred Voted for

Ordinary /-0 J Extraordinaries

' \ Unprovided -

16,000 Seamen

130,328 11 6

29,000----

43,812 19 — 41,600-----

1769.

rTotal Expence incurred Voted for

Ordinary -Extraordinaries Magazine at Priddy’s Hard Unprovided -16,000 Seamen

130,639 6 8 47,308 11 4

4,000----

40.933 10 8 41,600----

Office of Ordnance, 6th March 1786.

356,930 10 10

273,236 5 9

333,564 n 7

280,144 13 1 308,005 19 2

244,741 10 6 316,562 19 5

264,481 8 8

IV. Ho

G. Craufu Tho' Bai

DEBT.

83,694 5

s. <t

53,419 18 6

63,264 8 8

52,081 10 9

252,460 3 —

Vol. 41.

Appendix

--Az

Public Income and Expenditure.

424

210 Martii. A. 1786.

Appendix (R) N* 2.

COMPARISON between the Average Expence of One Year of the Ordinary of the Ordnance, voted and incurred in the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, and the Estimate of the Ordinary for the Year 17SOJ viz.

Estimate of the Ordinary of the Ordnance for the Year 1786 -

Average for One Year of the Ordinary, as voted for 1766, 1767, 1768, £. s.

and 1769..... 130,035--

Average for One Year of the Articles in the Unprovided belonging to the

Ordinary for the said Years - -- -- - 1,792-

Average for One Year of the Debt incurred on the Ordinary in the said Four Years, about ------- 12,000 — —

£. s. d.

213,382-----

143,827 — —

Difference

69,555-----

Which arises as follows; viz.

By an Increase of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1,791 Men, which cost 58,382/. to 3,282 Men, which cost 102,224/. which for 1,491 Men additional is -

By higher Pay at present continued to Non-commissioned Officers and First Gunners, but which ceales as they drop off -By the Superannuated Lift, on which all Pensions, both Civil and Military, are now placed; and which, from the great Number of wounded and disabled Men of the Artillery, is at present increased from 11,009/. to 20,569/. the Difference is -

By Increase of 7 Engineers, and higher Pay in Consequence of higher Rank given in 1782 -

By an Increase of Civil Officers on Foreign Establishments -

43,842 -

4,241 -

9,560-----

2,308-----

893 -----:

By Salaries increased to Clerks, in lieu of all Fees and Perquisites - -- -- £,

By the new Establishments of Inspector of Artillery, and Superintendant of Military Machines -By an Increase on the Establishment of 3 Mailers at the Academy at Woolwich -

By Ditto of the Laboratory at Ditto -By an Allowance for Coals and Candles given to the Mailer Gunners in 1777, from the Ordnance, in lieu of the like Allowance they before received from the Establishment of Guards and Garrisons, and for additional Gunners -

I. 60,844 ~

1,000-----

603-----

430 —

70-----

570 -

2,673 —

By increased Expences arising from an increased Establishment, both in the Sea and Land Departments, in the Articles of Incidents, Repairs, Barrack Bedding, and Small Stores - - 6,038----

From which Exceeding must be deduced the Saving on the Regiment of Artillery, when compleatly reduced to the Peace Establishment -

The Increase will then be

69,555 -

4,241-----

65,3H — ~

Office of Ordnance,

8th March 1786. Will.

Appendix

M A

.26 Geo. III. i i0 Martii.

425

Appendix (R)' N# 3.

Av ESTIMATE of the future Annual Expences of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, on a

permanent Peace Establishcoent, Exclusive of such Sums as are contained io the Estimate of the Board of

Land and Sea Officers, for Additional Works for the Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsinouth

and Plymouth, and of any Fortifications to be carried on either in the West India Islandsor in North America.

Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Committee appointed to examine and state the several Accounts and

other Papers presented to the House of Commons in this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Public

Income and Expenditure, 17th March 1786; viz.

£. . d.

Ordinary -Extraordinaries. - 210,000

Newfoundland . 3,500

Nova Scotia - - - - 4,000

New Brunswick - - - - 4,000;

Quebec - - - - 4,000

Jamaica - - - m - m - 3,000

West Indies - - - - 6,000

Gibraltar - - - 30,000

Jersey - 2,000

Guernsey - - - - 2,000

Scotland - - - 4,000 — —

North-East Distrifit - - - 2,000

Lundguard Fort . - - - 2,000 6,000 — —

Chatham ... - -

Sheerness - . - - 2,000

Gravesend and Tilbury - - - 3,000

Powder Mills (Feverlham) - - - 2,000 *

Cinque Ports - - - 2,000

Woolwich - - - - 5,000

North-West District: - - - - 1,000

Portsmouth and Gosport - - - 6,000

Plymouth - 6,000

Shipping (relieving Artillery in Foreign Garrisons) 2,500

Contingencies Artillery - - m - - 5,000

Laboratory - - - - 2,000

Arms - 10,000

Salt Petre ... . - - m 9,000

Supply of Stores for Foreign Garrisons Extraordi 10,000 naries - 138,000 — —

Ordinary and Extraordinaries - £. 348,000

Office of Ordnance,

17th March 1786.

G.

Clerk of the Ordnance.

Vol. 41.

5 Q

Appendix

Public Income and Expenditure.

1

si* Marta.

Public Income and Expenditure,

A. 1786.

Appendix (S).

Air ACCO UNT of the probable Amount of such Expences as may be Aniraaiiy incurred

under the Dead

of Miscellaneous Services.

For Civil Establishtnent of Nova Scotia - -

Ditto ----- of New Brunswick - - - ,

Ditto ----- of the Island of St John -

Ditto - - - - of the Island of Cape Breton -

Ditto - - - of the Bahama Islands - -

Salary to the Chief Justice of Bermuda -

Roads in Scotland ——

Levant Company, to enable them to carry on their Trade -

African Forts and Settlements ——

Payments on Addresses for printing Journals, 'Copies of Bills, Reports, &c. and Clerks for attending Committees, about -

Deficiency of the Coinage Duty, upon an Average of Five Years, about -

Mr. Campbell, for confining^ maintaining, and employing Convicts, about -

£. *' d-3.851 17 6

4,300 -

1,900 -

2,100----

2,560 — — 580---- —

5.000 — —

3.000 -

13,000----

9.000 .-----

7,483 -

21,500----

L-

74,274

17 6

The Sum here taken is estimated upon the Sums paid to Mr. Campbell since 27th May 1785, and those that may be paid to the same Time in 1786.

Memorandum. — The Expence of finishiRg the Buildings at Somerset House, and the Allowance to the Commissioners for Mating die Public Accompts, are not included in the above Estimate, as it (3 foppoled they cannot be considered as permanent Annual Charges.

Treasury Chambers, March 20th 1786.

Appendix

16 Geq. III. 216 Martii.

427

Appendix (T.)

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Borgefles, in Parliament assembled;

As ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Taxes appropriated lor particular Purposes, or not applicable to the Payment of any Part of the Interest of the Public Debt; distinguishing such as remain in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament; which have been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer between Michaelmas 1784 and Michaelmas 1785.

Duty on Cotton Wool, vft January 1780, to be applied for thfe Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in the Leeward Islands, &c. -

Duty on Canvas and Lawns since ift August 1767 — For the Encouragement of raising Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland ——

Coinage Duty on Wines — For the Expence of Coinage Duty in England and Scotland

Stamp Duty on Parchment, per Hanaper Office — For the Hanaper Office -

4 and per Cent. ——

6 d. per Pound on Pensions — To pay the Interest on 1,000,000l. Annuities A# 1726; and if the Stamp Duties applicable to the Payments of the Judges Salaries should be deficient, such Deficiency is to be made good Out of this Duty -

First Fruits of the Clergy — For the Augmentation of the Livings of the Poor Clergy -

Tenths of the Clergy — For the like Service -

Add1 Duty on Stampt Paper and Parchment since 5th July 1759, for Payment of the Judges Salaries ——

Ditto ----- since Ditto 1762, for the like Service -

Ditto ----- since Ditto 1765, for the like Service -

Duty on Gum Senega, 24th June 1765 and 1774, remaining in the Exchequer for the

Disposition of Parliament -

Cambricks and Sugars, ift August 1766 ----- for Ditto -

Apples imported - -- for Ditto -

Sugars, before 29th September 1764 - - - - for Ditto -

Ditto since Ditto - -- for Ditto -

Rice exported. A* 1773 - for Ditto -

Melasses, &c. 1st November 1766 - - - for Ditto -

Verdigreafo, 1781- - . - for Ditto -

Licences for felling Lottery Tickets, 1784 - - - for Ditto -

Rent of Savoy Land unappropriated -

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1786.

L

«=fc

John Hughson.

£ * d'

1,000

9,847 3 81

6,117 16 6*

3,698 ia 3

19>,49 19 11

45,8oo — __

5,640 6 11

9,888 19 —

CO c* 18 7

429 1 7

946 10 4

238 6 2

1,349 17 9

565 6 —

760 6 —

2,018 19 8

37 *9 — i

1,259 5 2*

2,025 17 —

1,000 — —

1 13 6

J 21,595 17 2

Vol. 41.

Appendix

Public Income and Expenditure,

2i° MartiL 1786.

Public Appendix (U.)

Income ami *

Expenditure. Navy Office, 21st March 1786.

An ACCOUNT Shewing the Amount of the outstanding Debt of the Navy on the 31st of December 1785, and whether any separate Provision will be necessary for discharging the fame, in Addition to the other Demands for Naval Services. Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Committee appointed to examine and date the several Accounts and other'Papers presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Expenditure and Income, dated 21st March 1786.

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1785 ----- Money remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands, and to come in of the Grants of the last Year - 2,537,764 825,275 #. d. »7 5 3 — I

Which leaves the Nett Debt - - - 1,712,489 14 4?

But as a great Part of this Debt consists of Wages due to Seamen, the Claims for which must, from the Nature of them, be gradual, and Part probably never claimed at all, no separate Provision need be made for the Remainder, as a floating Arrear to nearly the Extent of it may always be supposed to exist.

Chef Middleton, Edxc* Hunt, Geo. Marsh,

J. Henslow, W. Palmer, TVm Campbell, E. LeCras.

Appendix (W) N* 1.

Bank of England, 2d March 1786.

An ACCOUNT of the Money subscribed at the Bank of England, for 50,000 Lottery Tickets, at 13 /. each;

in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament;

- £ 650,000.

A. Newland, Chief C&ihier.

Appendix (W) N* 2.

An A C C O M P T of the Charges for the Lottery, established by an Act 25* Geo. III, B for the Service of the Year 1785.

To 42 Commissioners, for their Trouble in making out Tickets, and overseeing the Drawing of the Lottery ——

To 8 Commissioners, for the taking in Tickets, and making out and delivering Certificates in lieu of the same ——

For the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the above Commissions i

To the Bank of England for receiving the Contributions to the said Lottery, and paying the Prizes ——

£. s. d.

6,300----

1,600 — — 3,850-----

1,000-----

c

12,750-----

Ordered

Gibraltar

Prizes.

Dutch East Indiaman at Dartmouth.

Ditto*

Militia*

26 Geo. III. 21 ° — 2 2° Martiu

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabic.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ex [Jain, amencf, and render more effectual, an A Outbade in the last Session of Parliament* intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more " effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of " His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for " authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the " Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like " Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as " is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of " His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships " of War belonging to the Enemy."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring*n a Bill to enable the Persons therein to be named to provide proper Places on Shore for the.Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War* Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chfeir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot have Leave Dutch to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock. Dartmouth!

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Persons therein to be named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Strels of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Persons therein to be named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide Committee. proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Com- of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth; without any mittee. Amendment

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Narberth,

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Parcels of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Inclo-

him to report, when the House will please to receive the Narberth, Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, sure* fame. in the Parishes of Narberth and Robestone , in

Ordered, That the Report be now received. the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title the said Committee the Amendments which the Com- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels mittee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of *

him to report to the House; and he read the Report Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Parnhes of Narberth and Robestone Wathan, in the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the County of Pembroke.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Ordered, That the Lord Westcote ido carry the Bill Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . A Petition pi the several5 Persons whole Names Pawnbrokers; ingrossed. . are thereunto subscribed, oq Behalf of themselves, and

others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and The other Order of the Day being read; Westmins, was presented to the House, and read; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Taking Notice of the Bill for making perpetual an Vox. 41. 5Aft,

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Matiii; Anno 26* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1786;

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. EanieS, Dutch East and Mr. Thomson: Indiaman at

Mr. Speaker, Dartmouth.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

A

Ordnance

Ellimates.

Trefi Estate.

Royal A (Tent 19 Bills.

430 220 Martu. . 1786.

AS. made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, " or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods, or Money, " by falle or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of " Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public " Houses, by Journeytnen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and Setting forth, That Power has been given by the House, to make Provision in the said Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge some of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act, and the Petitioners conceive, it would be more convenient and beneficial to the Public, if the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, fb far as the same relates to the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, and the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, were to be repealed, and the necessary Powers, Provisions, and Regulations contained therein, together with such Explanations, Amendments, and Additions, as that! be thought expedient to be adopted by the House, were to be contained and enacted in One Angle Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for those Purposes, under such Rules and Restrictions as the House shall think proper, for the better regulating and carrying on the Business of a Pawnbroker.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Irrstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account stating how the Money voted by Parliament, and received by the Office of Ordnance in the Year 1785, has been expended, so far as the same can at present lie made up.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen ,in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported^ That the House; at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

03. \

Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of [Vales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East forced by Strefe of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

An Act for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of the Fifth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the fame"relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wats Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Cprner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromf'ord Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Anston,

Aston, Handsworth, and Darnall, to the North East

End of AttercUffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Batchy to Sheffield.

An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

An Act for paving, repairing, clesmfing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of and the Pre-

cinfts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future Incroachments, Nuifences, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and, for widening some Part of the Street called Church Stt'eet, within the said Town.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and The Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sim of The Bear, in in the County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge, (ly* ing over the same Drain) to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and Gennaris Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the

Borough

0.6 Geo. III.

Borough of King's Lynnin the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys ,in the said County.

An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster} for liipplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chaj>el of Liverpool.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act to enable Cornelius now called Cor-

nelius Tutton, and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton, Esquire, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

An Act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Christian Matt hiesse

An Act for naturalizing Gustaf Hederstcdt.

fowbridge Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to :naL whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Persons, being Subscribers, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, on Belmlf of themselves and the other Subscribers to that Undertaking; and also, the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Persons having Property in the County of Worcester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to-Navigation Bills, with respect to the first-mentioned Petition, had been complied with, except that no Lilt of Owners and Occupiers of Lands is annexed to the Petition, it not being intended to cut or make use of any Land for improving the Navigation, but only to remove certain Shoals in the Bed of the River, and that a List of the Lords of the Manors, where those Shoals are situate, is annexed to the said Petition, and that, with respect to the second-mentioned Petition, the Standing Orders had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Joseph Nickails, an Engineer, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the River Severn between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, and that the Navigation thereof is greatly obstructed by several Shoals of Sand or Earth, which it is proposed to move by Ballast Lighters, so as that Vessels of large Burden may at all Times pass upon that Part of the said River — That it is not intended to erect any Works whatsoever, either in the River or on the Sides thereof. And the Witness added, That he thinks the Removal of the said Shoals will be of Benefit to the Lands adjacent to the said River, and of public Utility. Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Snape, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he made the Plan and Survey annexed to the said Petition. — That a Canal is proposed to be made

W ou 41.

43*

from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near the City of Worcester.

That a Navigable Cut may be made from the said intended Canal, at of near Ashford Coppice, to join and communicate with the DroitwichCanal (which is only about the Distance of One Mile) and that such Navigable Communication will be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors confined Del)fors in the Poultry Compter, London, was presented to the I>eUUo, House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- Stourbridge gestes, and Inhabitants of Truro, in the County of Corn- CaDal* wall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from or near Stourbridgein the County of Worcestei', to a certain Part of the River Secern, at or near the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the Conveyance of Tin, Copper, <$c. from Truro to Birmingham, Sheffield, and other Manufacturing Towns in the interior Parts of the Kingdom, is subject to frequent Interruptions, and additional Expence, from the many Shoals in the said River above the City of Worcester, and the Delays thereby occasioned are likely to be prevented by the proposed Canal, which bids fair to secure to the Petitioners a regular Channel of Intercourse, and at an easier Rate, than hath hitherto been experienced: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Spirits feised. Account of all Arrack and Rum, and all Home-made and Foreign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits, of what Kind soever, which have been seized and condemned since the passing the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties "4 upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption,

" and for granting and securing the due Payment of " other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as

,lwell for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and " for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits,

" after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in " His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands " of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for " discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and " Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The " West Indies," and in what Manner such Spirits have been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve hself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved,

ii° Martii.

Regulating East India Adairs*

Land Tax

Commis-

Honers.

Elections — Disabling Persons in Office*

Committees*

22° — 24* Martii. A. 1786.

432

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday 'Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and

uManagement of the Affairs of The East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and " for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more " speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of " Offences committed in The East Indies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bought on Rouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bought on Rouse reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 9th Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-six," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 6th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Friday next, the Bill for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers and Persons employed in or under the several Offices of Ordnance, Navy, Navy Pay, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt, from giving their Votes at such Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to fit till One of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the 'Clock

Veneris, 24* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1786.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr and Mr. Thompson:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shop Tax, to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grauting to His Majesty " certain Duties on Shops within Great ;"for

repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Dc'fmion-Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bodmin to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Road* the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An IA. Duci«’» Act to enable the Right honourable Francis Lord Ducie, Name* and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. ’ ' Absence*

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Wivelif-the Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading combe, 4c. from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the ^0iU*s‘ County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom West the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Pewiard Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being lnc, olu^ within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land, whose Proportion upon the Inclosure will amount to 16 Acres, who have not been seen, owing

to

26 Geo. III. 24° Mattii. 43 3

Mioehead, c. Roads.

ScTern

Navigation.

to their being from Home, or their remote Situations; and also, except the Proprietors of Land, whole Proportion will amount to 14 Acres, who had been applied to, and chose to remain neuter; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed amounts to-150 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Mint and from Dumter and Watchett, in the County of Somerset/, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the lloul’e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto Subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from Meadow Wharf, near Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at Diglis, below Worcester; and Setting forth. That, on and near the Banks of the Said River, at and about Coal-brook Dale, are many extensive Coal Mines, Iron Works, and Manufactories, which require a regular Conveyunce and certain Navigation, and, in particular; from Such Coal Mines, the Inhabitants of, and Makers and Manufacturers of Salt in, the Said Borough, are Supplied with large Quantities of Coal, by a Conveyance from out of the Said River, about Four Miles from Diglis aforesaid, into the Droitwich Canal Navigation, leading from thence to the aforesaid Borough, and made at a very considerable Expence Sor the only of carrying Coals out of the Said River to Such Borough, and Salt from thence into Such River; and that, by ReaSon of many Shoals and other Impediments in the Said - River between Coalbrook Dale and Diglis, the Navigation thereof is uncertain and much obstructed, whereby great Delay and Expence is incurred in the Carriage of Coals, Wares, and Merchandize thereon, to the immediate Detriment of Trade and Commerce; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Said Bill should pals into a Law, the Same will be an effectual Means of opening and preServing a regular and Sale Communication between the aforesaid Coal Mines, Iron Works, and Manufactories, and divers Parts of this Kingdom, to the great Benefit of the Trade and Commerce thereof, and of the said Borough in particular, in reSpeCfc to Vol. 41.

Coals used in the manufacturing of Salt, and the Carriage of Salt on Such River, and that the Same will considerably reduce the Price of Coals, as well as the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize in general thereon: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for improving the Navigation of the said lliver, between the Places aforesaid, may pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Severn Inhabitants of the Franchise of Min the Navigation. County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if Such Bill should pass into a Law, the Same will be a Means of opening and preServing a regular Communication of Water Carriage between the extensive Coal Mines, Iron Works, Lime Works, and Foun-deries, in Shropshire and the Western Parts of this Kingdoip, to the great Advantage of Trade and Commerce, and will also be a Means of regulating and reducing the Price of Freight upon the Said River, which will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Ditto. Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was also pre-lented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the Said Application; and Setting forth, That, by various Acts, passed in the present Reign, divers Navigable Canals have been made to join the Rivers Trent, Mersey and Severn, and thereby to open Commercial Intercourses, by Inland Navigation, between the Ports of Hull, Liverpool, and Bristol, the Town of Manchester, and other interior Parts of the Kingdom, the good Effects of which have been fully experienced, and, the Petitioners, having a considerable Export and Import Trade by the Said Ports, are much interested in the Communication therewith, as well by Rivers as Canals being made perfect and compleat; and that the Navigation of the River Severn to Bristol being Rill in its natural State, and having never yet undergone any Improvements, is in many Places, especially in dry Seasons, of an insufficient Depth of Water for the Carriage of Vessels with heavy Burthens, and, the Petitioners are fully Satisfied, that the Improvement of the Said River will be of very great Advantage to Trade and Commerce, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying That the said Bill may pass into a Law’.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Ditto. Neighbourhood of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, on the Banks of the River Severn, w hose Names are thereunto Subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the great Advantages that must necessarily arise from the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn, and apprehend, that if Such Bill shall pass into a Law, the Same will be a Means of making the Trade on the said River more regular and certain, and greatly reduce the Price of Coal, as well as the Freight and Carriage of Merchandize, which will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Citizens and principal Inhabitants Ditto, of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto Subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That, on or near the Banks of the River.

Severn, are many extensive Coal Mines, Founderies, Iron Works, and Manufactories, which require a regular Conveyance and certain Navigation; and that, by Reaibn of many Shoals and other Impediments in the said River above Worcester, the Navigation thereof is uncertain and much obstructed, which occasions great Delay in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize on the Said River, to the great Detriment of Trade and

5 S Commerce,

Debtors Petition.

Tonbridge

Road.

434 240' Martiu A. 178

Commerce, bnt m case the said Bill (hoold pass into A Law, the Petitioner* apprehend the same will be a Means of opening and preserving a regular Communication between the extensive Mines, Iron Works, and Founderies, in Shropshire, and the Western Parts of this Kingdom, and also the River Thames, which may soon be opened, to the great Advantage of the Trade and Manufactories of the several Cities and Towns bordering on the said River, and of the said City and Neighbourhood in particular, and the same will not only tend considerably to reduce the Price of Coals, but also of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize up and down the said River, and prevent the Lois and heavy Expences which are occasioned to Trade, by the Obstructions to the Navigation in dry Seasons, as well as be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the Bill for improving the Navigation of the said Rivet* may pa& into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Diltrels, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees under several Acts for repairing the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of thfe House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an A&, pafl*ed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to " Cowden, in the County of Kent and also, an Act,

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge " to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to " the Road from Tonbridge to were read:

And,

Air. Thomas Szrayne being examined, said, That, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, the Trustees for the Care of the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone have proceeded to amend the said Road, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts authorized to be taken on that Road; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone be compleatly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, 1b far as relate to that Road, be enlarged.

Ordered, Tlrat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing add widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of so far as the fame

relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honyswood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Severn

Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the NdV, Satiou-River Sevet'n, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near a Place called Digits, below the City of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BHl be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons whole Names are Ch«l worth thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and brclosure. others, Owners of Lands lying within certain Fields and Common Meadows, in the Manors and TythiogB of Great Chelworth and Little in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampsons, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, by Persons therein described to be Owners of Estates within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson's, in the County of Wilts, for Leave to bring in a Bill to divide and allot certain Fields and Common Meadows, and Pasture Land, therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners, are entitled to a very considerable Part of the Lands so intended to be inclosed, and the inclosing the same will be highly prejudicial to the Per titioners, and others interested in the said Lands, and who form by much the most considerable, both in Number and Value, of the Persons interested in the said Land, and the same will be attended with a very considerable Expence, without any possible Advantage to the Owners thereof, either by Improvement of the said Land, or otherwise: And therefore praying, That die House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard against the same by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Laads and Houses in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson's and Cricklade Saint Mary's, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for a Bill to indole certain Fields and Common Meadows, and a Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, therein described to be within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and Littk Chelworth, within ore laid Parish of Cricklade Sairtt Sampson's, in the said County of Wilts; and that, by long Usage and ancient Custom, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses within the said Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson's and Cricklade Saint sot large have a Right of Common, without Stint, over great Part of the said Lands, intended to be inclosed, and, if the same is suffered to be inclosed, such Owners and Occupiers will be deprived of their ancient Rights and Privileges; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses within the said Parishes, and ns such have a Right of Common as above-mentioned, and will be greatly aggrieved if the said Bill is suffered to pals into a Law: And therefore praying, That the House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard against the same by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Commou Fields, Common Meadows, and Paftmres, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth

Common

0,6 Geo. III.

240 Martii. 435

Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little or one of them, in

the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Printers and Stainers of Silk, Pedlars. Silk and Mullins, Linen, and Cotton Handkerchiefs, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof was prefeoted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have for a Number of Years, been employed by the Manufacturers of Manchester, in printing and staining Handkerchiefs of the several Qualities above mentioned. a very considerable Part of which have been disposed of by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty-Chap-men; and Representing to the House, that the Branch of Business wherein the Petitioners are employed, in consequence of the 9th and 11th Sections contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, is greatly diminished, and the Duties and Excise, paid on printed and stained Handkerchiefs by them, is through the Restrictions imposed by the said Act on that Clafe of Persons, between the 24th of June and the 25th of December lait, reduced One Third, and from the said 25th of December to the 20th of this instant March, One Half, and, in case the said 9th and 1 tth Sections are not repealed, the same will tuftsin a further considerable Loss; and that the Petitioners, under an Act, passed in the Twenty-foprth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, pay a Duty of 10/. each for a Licence to carry on their Business, and allb a very considerable Duty on the Importation of Drug? and Materials uted therein, which, with the Duties and Excise above-mentioned, will, in case the 9th and 11th Sections of the said Act are not repealed, be in a great Meafare, loft to His Majesty’s Revenue, and the Petitioners will be compelled to seek out some other Business: And therefore praying the House to take their Petition into Consideration, and to content to a Bill being brought in for the Repeal of the said 9th and nth Sections of the said Act, and to permit the Petitioners to be beard by themselves or Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Stourbridge A Petition of the principal Tradesmen and Inha-Can&l. bitants of the Town and Parish of in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to Diglis, near Worcester, by which Bill the said intended Navigation is proposed to pals through great Part of the Parish of Bromsgrove, and near unto the said Town; and that such intended Navigation, in the present Line, will , intercept and cut through divers Springs and Streams of Water arising in the said Parish of Bromsgrove, which, with the Land Floods, are the Only, though barely sufficient, Supply and Support of divers very considerable Cotton, Needle, Paper, Corn, and other Mills and Works lying below the said intended Canal, and that a large and extensive Cotton Mill and Manufactory, as well as several Needle Mills and Works, have at a very considerable Expence, been lately established in the Course of the said Springs and Streams, which constantly employ a great Number of Persons at Bromsgrove, and notwithstanding the said Von. 41.

Mills and Works could, with Advantage, dispense with much more Water than the present Supply, yet certain Clauses are, or are intended to be, introduced into the said Bill, for taking the Whole of the said Land Floods, and Part of the aforesaid Streams of Water, and to cut through the said Springs, and for making Reservoirs below several of such Springs and Streams, for supplying such Navigation with Water; and that the Town of Bromsgrove is an ancient and large Market Town, and the chief Support of the Inhabitants is owing to the Trade and Market, which Market chiefly consists of Farmers bringing their Grain thereto for Sale, and Millers occupying the said Corn Mills, purchasing the fame, and( such Persons attending the said Market dealing with the Petitioners for Goods and Merchandize; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the aforesaid Mills, Works, and Manufactories will be very much injured, whereby a great Number of Persons employed thereat will become burthensome to the said Parish of Bromsgrove, and useless to Society, and the Market there will be very considerably injured, if not totally loft, to the great and immediate Detriment of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will not permit such Bill to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie ,upon the Table,

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according Harringtoa to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosur*. and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Marmaduke Langdale, Esquire, was Stourbridge presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Canal. That, by a Paper annexed to the Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, at or near the Town of Stourbridge, to communicate with the River Severn at Diglis, near Worcester, it is stated, the Petitioner has assented to making such Canal, whereas the Petitioner never did signify his Assent thereto, but on the contrary, has always expressed his Disapprobation thereof, because he apprehended, and now believes, that such intended Canal will greatly injure his Estate, as it will cut through and interfe& the most valuable Part of the Petitioner’s Lands, and in a great Degree (if not wholly) deprive his said Estate of the Benefit it now receives from a certain Brook or Stream there, which is used for the Purposes of floating and watering his Meadows, and that the said intended Canal will not be of any real Utility to the Public: And therefore praying. That the House w ill take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as may fecm meet, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by Counsel, upon the Matters here stated.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers of certain Lands and Tenements through which a Navigation is intended to be made, from out of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River Secern, at a Place called Diglis, near Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Paper annexed to the Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the above-mentioned Navigable Cut or Canal, it is stated, that the Petitioners have assented to the making thereof, whereas the Petitioners, any or either of them, never did consent thereto, but, on the contrary, when applied to for their Consents, declared their Disapprobation

thereof

Oxford

Canal.

Kidwelly,

Roads.

43 6 2 40 Martii. A. 1786.

thereof, believing that the said intended Canal will be very injurious to their Estates, which will be cut through and interfered thereby, and that the same will not be beneficial to the Country in general: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill to amend, and render effectual, Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Mansel reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, e, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several " Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County," so far as the same relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders, of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. William Roderick being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the said District of Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the fame, which frill remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

And the Witness further said, That the several Roads described in the Petition are for the moil Part in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and in some Places impassable for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law. — And he added, that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pals thereon, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the same might be conveniently done under the Management of the Trustees for the said District of Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, lb far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kennen Bridge, to Grygyrwen Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from Pont y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's House to join the last- mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop, near Pont arDylas Turnpike Gate, to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gurrcoach Turnpike Gate to Pompren Penprwll, and from Cefn Glasfryn to Pompren ,in the said

County: And that Sir William Mansel and Mr.

Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Difference of His Majesty’s Command, Bntilhand

Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of several Battalions of Foot, for the respective times therein mentioned, in the Years 1784, 1785, and 1786: And also.

State of the Charge of Savings on Ten Battalions, and Five Companies of Foot, lent to Ireland previous to 24th December 1783.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and State were read.

The said Estimate and State are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

2,6 Geo. III.

44* Martii.

437

ESTIMATE of the Difference between the Charge of the firitiffi and Irish Establishment of several Battalions of Foot, for the respe&lve Times within mentioned) in the Years 1784) 1785) and 1786;

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion, from 1st August 1784 to 24th December 1785, both inclusive, at the following Rate; viz.

For Pay for 365 Days - £.7,617 6 7! Cloathing - - 1,134 1 7

Agency- - - 152 12 4 £

Allowances - 446----

In all - - 9,350 — 7

Paid by Ireland, from iff October 1784 to 24th December 1785, being 450 Days, at the Rate 8,292/. 14s. id. for 365 Days -

Difference

General Armffrong's Regiment, from iff October 1784, to 31st March 1785, both inclusive, at the following Rate j viz.

For Pay for 365 Days 7,857 4 6|

Cloathing - - 1,134 1 7

Agency - - 154 14 nj

Allowances - - 446 — ---

In all - - 9,592 1 1

Paid by Ireland, for the same Time, at the Rate of 8,532/. 7 s.3 d.for 365 Days -

Difference

Lord Say and Sele’s Regiment, from 25th December 1784(0 6th May 1785, both inclusive, at the said Rates, for 365 Days -Lieut General Morrison's Regiment, from iff March 1785 to 6th May following, both inclusive, at D® Rates, for 365 Days Paid by Ireland for the same Time, at the above Rate -

Difference

Lieut General Tayler’s Regiment, from 25th December 1784 to 31st March 1785, both inclusive -

Lieut General Fletcher’s Regiment, from 16th October 1784 to 31st March 1785, both inclusive -

Paid by Ireland for the same Time - -

Difference

Lieut. General Rainsford’s Regiment, from 25th December 1784 to 28th February 1785 both inclusive -

D® Regiment, from iff March 1785 to 24th December following, both inclusive Paid by Ireland for the same Time -

Difference

Vol. 41.

N* of Day*.

£' s. d.

511 13,366 3 4*

450 10,564 4 3

182

133

67

97

167

66

299

Charge of Pay,

&c.

4,943 13 — 1

4,593 10

1,760 14 1 1,565 18 31

4,521 5 7

4,182 18 8i

7,857 11 6 6,988 3 9f

Difference, or Sums to be made good.

2,801 19 i£

350 2 2-J

3A95 3 9

194 15 9i

2,549 2 5

338 6 10*

1,734 8 6

869 7 8*

SUms already roted. '

it- *

1,057 6 6

4,943 13 — v

1,760 14 1

4,521 5 7

5 T

1,059 »3 10

Sir

Different of British and Irish Efta* blillnneut.

Difference of British and Irish Establishments.

438

24° Martii.

A. 1786.

N° of Charge of* Pay, Difference, or Sums Sums already

Days. Ac; to be made good. voted.

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson’s Regiment, from lft Auffuft 1784 to 24th December 1785, both in-clunve 5U £. s. d. 13,705 — 4 JL* d. £ * d. N

Paid by Ireland, from ilk October 1784 to 24th

December 1785, both inclusive - 450 10,858 16 114

Difference Earl of Harrington's Regiment, from 7th May 1785 to 24th December following, both in- 2,846 3 44 1,059 13 10

elusive - - -Paid by Ireland, for the same Time - Difference 232 6,096 17 5 5,422 5 6 674 it n

Lieut. General Gabbett’s Regiment, from iff April 1785 to 24th December following, both inclusive ---- 268 7,042 18 8

Paid by Ireland, for the same Time - Difference m . 6,265 6 2 777 12 6

Lieut. General Maxwell’s Regiment, the same Lieut General Sherrard’s Regiment, from 25th 00 <£> i- 777 12 6

December 1784 to 31st March 1785, both in- 1 -

elusive - - - - 97 i 2,549 2 5

Voted on Account of Three Battalions; 6th, -< -

10th, and 45th, for 1785 - - 3,179 1 6

Total . - - £ 19.958 9 1 17,581 8 Ak

Deduct Sums already voted - - - 17,581 8 44

Remains to be made good for 1784 and 1785 Deficiency on the Charge for Irish Corps 1786, - - - £ 2,377 — 8f

being for four Companies of Foot to serve in the

lfie of Man, from 25th March 1786 to 24th

December following, being 205 Men 275 3,076 3 5

Paid by Ireland, for uie same Time - Difference 2,711 17 6 ‘ 364 5 11

Total to be provided for v & 2,74i 6 7

N. B. There is a Saving arising on several Corps sent to Ireland, in the Course of the Year 1783,

amounting to the Sum of 12,089/. 185.’ — Part of which may be applied to this Service. War Office, 24th March 1786. Geo. . , i.

- - -- - ! 1 ' STATE of the Charge of Savings on Ten Battalions j and Five Companies of Foot, sent'to Ireland,-

previous to 24th December 1783. ( 1 - —: rr —:;

1 otb. Sir Robert Murray Keith's, K. B. -13th. The Honourable General Murray’s -16th. Lieutenant General Robertson’s 21ft. The Honourable Lieut. General Mackay’s 26th. Sir William Erlkine’s -48th. Lieutenant General Skene’s 50th. Sir Tho* Spencer Wilson’s: -51ft. Earl of Egjintoune’s - -

61ft. lieutenant General Morris’s -65th. Earl of Harrington’s.

47th. Five Companies — Sir Guy Carleton’s, K.’B.

War Office, 24th March 1786.

4.

Days.

25 27

26

49

53

66

77

46

17

26

40

689 7 6 744 10 6 716 19 — i>35i 3 6 1,461 9 1,819 19 2,123 5 1,268 9 — 468 15 6 716 19 — 729------

12,089 18 —

Geo. Y

Ordered,

46 GeO. III. 44 Martn.439

Ordered, That the said Eftiinate and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Chatteris A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Ferry Roads. Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Road3 therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry, to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of and other

Places in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed to Mr. Yorke, Sir Henry Peyton, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bristol Mr. Galley Knight, from the Select Committee,

ETedioir. who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Esquire; and also

the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Henry Cruger, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

. 1

Severn Ordered, That the Bill for Improving the Navigation

Navigation, of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near a Place called below

the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Chester, &c. A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in

Roads. Repair, the Road from Flookersbi'ook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilder spool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Stanley, Mr. Crewe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Royal Afleut A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

to Bills. Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal AITent to Several A3s agreed upon by both Houses, do define the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’* Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several.Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord AfchbifliOp of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great the Lord

President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal AITent to the said Bills* and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the

Vojl. 41. v

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AITent to the said Bills:

Which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act to explain ami amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britainfor repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall'.

An Act to enable the Right honourable Francis Lord Dude, and his lffiie, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Dude, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Dude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Naval Half-Copy of his late Majesty’s Order in Council, dated the Pay*

3d Day of June 1747; and also, a Copy of an Order of His present Majesty in Council, dated the 8th Day of MaTch 1771, directing, the EstablHhment of Rear Admirals Half Pay to Senior Captains who lolt their Rank by the Promotion of Junior Captains.

Ordered, That there be . laid before this House, a P*P*r. Copy or Duplicate of a Letter from John Murray,

Esquire, Coinmifiary General at Fort William, to the Affairs. Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 8th of February 1784, together with a Poftscript to the said Letter, dated the 12th of February 1784.

Otdered, That Major Thomas Gardner do, upon Person to Monday Sevennight, the 3d Day, of April next, attend attend, the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the East India following Papere, which were presented to the House Papers to be upon the 2d and 13th Days of this Instant March, printetl* by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be printed, as (half be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House:

Copy of a Letter from William Cduper, Esquire, to the Governor General and Council, dated , Calcutta,7th December 1-784; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, the 5th April 1785, — contained ih N* 1, presented 2d March.

Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, the 4th

' December 1782, — contained in N° 3. Vol. I. presented 13th March.

1 Copy of Correspondence, $c. relative to the \^ife and Mother of Chcyt Sing, and the taking of the Fort of Rejygur, — being N* 9, presented 13th March.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ditto.

Four Fitft Accounts tod Extracts, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of

England

44°

240 Martii. A. 1786.

Stourbridge

CanaL

Supply.

England trading to the East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is intended to be brought into Parliament, for making a Canal from the Stourbridge Canal to the City of Worcester, and that a Bill is liktwife intended to be brought in for improving the Navi-

Stion of the River Severn, from or near Coalbrook ale, in the County of Salop, to the said City of Worcester", and that the Petitioners apprehend the Improvement of the River Severn will be of the utmost public Utility, as by Means thereof, and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal communicating with the same at Stourport, in the County of Worcester, a complete and easy Communication will be made between the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and all the intermediate Manufacturing Towns, and, amongst many other Advantages, the Price of Coals, and the Freight of all Kinds of Goods navigated thereon, will be reduced; and that the Petitioners conceive, by the Improvement of the Navigation of the Severn, the Public will receive more and greater Advantages than by making the said intended Canal, wherefore the Petitioners consider the said intended Canal as unnecessary and ufelefe: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the said intended Canal may not pass into a Law', and submitting the Improvement of the Navigation of the Severn to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinglyj Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1784 to the 24th of December 1785, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out PenGoners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In PenGoners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had direfited 06

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondap Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjourn* the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning aunt, next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Newfound-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, landFi&erie*. to consider of the Laws relating to the Fisheries carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects at the Island of -

land, and Parts adjacent, and what further Provisions may be necessary for protecting, encouraging, and extending the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy Expence of of any Agreement made with Duncan Campbell, Esquire, Convicts. or any other Person, for the Maintenance, Cloathing, and guarding of, or otherwise relating to, the Convicts confined in the 1 Fortunes, or other Ship or Vessel, in Portsmouth or Langston Harbours.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second British Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Fishtry* Subjects in the Importation of Lobsters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjects, in the Cod Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Militia. Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

’ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resoboed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- Papers pany do lay before this House, a Copy of any respecting Proceedings they may have held at the India House Im)ia in the Year 1779, *n Consequence of a Resolution A iUr8‘‘ taken by the Government General of Bengal, on the 9th of July 1778, to demand from Cheyt Sing Five Lacks of Rupees, as his Proportion of the Expence incurred by the War with France, that they do also specify at what Time they received the Account of this Demand, and at what Time they received the Secret Consultations of the Bengal Government of the 28th of September 1778; and also, a Copy of any Orders sent to Bengal, or Proceedings, Observations, or Protests, of the Court of Directors, or of any of the Directors, that may appear upon the Minutes of the Court either upon the Receipt of the Secret Letter from Bengal, of the 17th of August 1778, or in Consequence of Mr. Hastings having recorded it as his Opinion on the Secret Consultations of the 28th September 1778, that " Mr. s Instru&ious

" related

2 6 Geo. III. 240 Martii. 441

Papers respe&ng East India Adairs.

Selkirk

Writ.

Ways and Means.

Gibraltar

Prises.

related only to the fixed and Annual Revenue, but " could never be understood to preclude that Right " which every Government inherently possesses, to " compel all its Dependencies to contribute by extraordinary Supplies to the Relief of extraordinary u Emergencies."

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of any Proceedings they may have held at the India House, in Consequence of a Resolution taken by the Government General of Bengal, on the 19th of July 1779, to require from Cheyt Sing Five Lacks of Rupees, as his Proportion of the Expence incurred by the War with Trance, for that Year; that they do also specify at what Period they received the Secret Bengal Confutations upon the Subject of the above Demand, and when they received the Secret Letter from Bengal of the 13th of March 1780, which informed them That the Demand had been enforced by the March of Two Battalions of Sepoys to Benares, and that the Rajah had been compelled to defray the Expence of this Detachment; that the Birectors be further required to lay before this House, a Copy of any Orders that were lent to Bengal on this Subject in 1780 or 1781, or of the Observations or Protests of the Court of Directors, or of any of the Directors, in Consequence of these Proceedings in Bengal.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of any Proceedings they may have held at the India Hcmfe, in Consequence of a Demand made by the Government General of Bengal, upon Cheyt Sing, on the 22d of June 1780, for Five Lacks of Rupees, as his Share of the Expence of the War for that Year; that they be directed to inform the House at what Period the Advices relative to this Subject were received by them, and what Orders were lent to Bengal in the Year 1781, in Consequence of the Information contained in the Secret Letter from Bengal, of the Steps taken in that Year to enforce Cheyt Sing to pay the Five Lacks of Rupees; also Copies of the Observations and Protests of the Court of Directors, or of any of the Directors, made in Consequence of the Information transmitted from Bengal relative to Cheyt Sing, in 1780.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of John Pringle, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act " for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Vo 1. 41.

" Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like " Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War,

" as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of " His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships " of War belonging to the Enemy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Regulating House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole East India House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and Affalrs-amend an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation and Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, and of the British Pofsessions in India, and for establishing a Court of " Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial " of Persons accused of Offences committed in the " East Indies,"

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rome reported from the Committee,

That they had, pursuant to the Power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into Two Bills; and that the Committee had gone through One of the said Bills, to explain and amend certain Provisions of the said AO. respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Report be now received;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Monday " Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 89.

Tellers for foe Noes, {£*-£?* } *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Boughton Rouse accordingly reported frojn the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, if the said Bill Hiall be then ingrafted.

5 U Mr.

i'X J

East India

Possession*,

Ac.

Stourbridge

Canal.

Leave of Absence.

442 24° — 27

Mr. Boughton Rouse also reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the other of the said Bills, to explain and amend certain other Provisijns of the said Act for the better Regulation of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Citizens, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Worcester.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation, to communicate with the River Severn, at Diglis, near the City of Worcester;and Setting forth. That there has been already compleated, at a very large Expence, a much shorter and more expeditious Canal Conveyance from and out of the said Stourbridge Canal to the River Severn than that proposed by the said intended Bill, which has been found sufficient to answer all the Purposes of Water Carriage to the Severn, and the Petitioners and the Public in general have been greatly benefitted thereby; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Application is also intended to be made to the House, for a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, and, the Petitioners apprehend* the improving of the Navigation of the River Severn will be a Means of preventing a Monopoly in the Coal Trade, and will be of great public Advantage, and may be effected without destroying or injuring any Landed Property, and will lave the unne-celfary Expenditure of a very large Sum of Money in making the said intended Canal, which, if made, will run parallel with the present Navigation from its Commencement to its Termination, and much valuable Landed Property will be destroyed, and many Mills, Water Works, and Manufactories, materially injured by making such intended Canal, to the Detriment of Trade; and that the Petitioners apprehend no public Advantage can arise, from making Two parallel Navigations, adequate to the Waste of Property that will be occasioned thereby, and they also apprehend, that the said intended Canal is projected with a View to impede the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and to answer the private Views of interested Individuals, without regarding the public Good: And therefore praying, That the BiH for making the said intended Canal may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Scott, of Weobley, have Leave to go the Northern Circuit.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next,. Ten of the Clock.

0 Martii. 1786.

Luna, 27* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1786.

Praters.

THE House being informed That Mr. Cottrell, ^avai one of the Clerks of the Privy Council, attended Half-Pay. at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of His Majesty s Order in Council, of Ac 3d of June 1747, respecting the Establishment of Rear Admirals Half Pay to Senior Captains who loll their Rank by the Promotion of Junior Captains: And also,

Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 8th of March 1771, respecting the Establishment of Rear Admirals Half Pay to Senior Captains who lost their Rauk by the Pronyition of Junior Captains.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and alloting. West certaiA Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Pennard being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the Indofiue. County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tie Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and' altering Mmehead, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth *c* Road*-Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Mineheau, and from Dunster and Watchett, in the County of Somerset was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port,

Town, and Borough of Mtnehead, and from Duiister and Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for amending and widening several Wivelif-Roads leading from and through the Town of Wive- comb*. Sec. liscombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads Road*-adjoining or near thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of IViveliscOmbe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Stourbridge.

of Canal.

2,6 Geo. III. 37° Martii.

443

of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Neigh-

bourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have their present Supply of Coals from the Severn Market, at a very great Price, and in an uncertain Manner, owing to the precarious State of the River Severn, and they apprehend, if the said Bill is permitted to pass into a Law, it will be of great public Utility, and the Petitioners will have a regular and constant Supply of Coals at a much lower Rate than at present: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Stourbridge A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and prin-

Canal. cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, whole Names are thereunto fub-icribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Conveyance of raw Materials from that Part of the Kingdom to , Manchester, and the various Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and Merchandize returning from thence, are often delayed on the River Severn, by the Shoals on that Navigation, and the Petitioners conceive, that the proposed Canal will obviate those Difficulties, and that the Public, and the Petitioners, will be benefited by the Undertaking: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunder written, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

Ditto. A Petition of Thomas Lord Foley and John Viscount

Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto fob-feribed, being Feoffees, or Trustees of the Charity Estates belonging to Stourbridge llospital, in the County of Worcester, founded by the Ancestor of the said Thomas Lord Foley, and also Lessees and Under-tenants of the said Estates, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that the said Canal is intended to pass through Part of the Lands belonging to the said Hospital, situate in the Parishes of (Hdszcinjord and Pedmore, in the County of Worcester, now in the Holdings of William Hasluck, Joseph Owen, Nathaniel Smith, James Harman, and Thomas Biggs; and that the Whole of the Lands, so intended to be taken into the said Canal, does not exceed Ten Acres, and for which the Petitioners apprehend the House will take Care that a proper and adequate Satisfaction shall be made, in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law; and that much the greaffeft Part of the said Lands is held by the Petitioner Thomas Biggs on Lease for 200 Years, of which upwards of 100 Years is unexpired, and by the Petitioner Thomas Savage, to whom the said Joseph Owen is an Under-tenant, on a Lease for Lives under the said Hospital; and that all the Occupiers of the said Estates have consented to the said Bill, and the Petitioners are satisfied that great Advantages will be derived to the said Estates from the said Canal, and that the Injury (if any) to be done to the said Charity Estate, by making the said Canal through a linall Part thereof, will be very trifling and inconsiderable, and more than compensated by the particular Advantages which it will receive therefrom, and, the Petitioners beg Leave to signify to the House, their Consents to the said Bill, as they conceive the same will be an Advantage to the feud Charity Estate, and of great public Utility: And Vot. 41.

therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Deal Small the Bill for the more ealv and lj>eedy Recovery of Small Debts. Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, No>'thbourne, Great Monge-ham, Little Mongeham, Tdmamtone, Bctshanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Severn thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Navigation, Estates adjoining the River Severn, in the County of Gloucester', was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, 1’hat the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is prayed for to bring in a Bill for erecting Locks and Wears in the River Secern, under a Pretence of improving the Navigation thereof; and that, if such Measures are adopted, the Navigation of the said River w ill be materially injured, Trade burthened with aconfe-quest Tonnage, and the adjoining Estates subjected to a great Increase of Injury, from many and large Floods:

And therefore praying, That the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the Ditto,

City of Worcester, whole Names are thereunder written, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are informed, that Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, under a Pretence of improving the Navigation of the River Secern, from Meadow Wharf near Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near DigHs, below Worcester, by erecting Locks and Wears, and laying a Toll thereon, raising the Water, lowering the Bed of the River, or otherwise; and that the River already answers every Purpose of Trade, and it is impossible that the Freight of Coals or Merchandize will be rendered lower by such proposed Alteration, but a burthensome Toll will be laid upon a free River, and that by Persons unconnected with the said City; an d that the Petitioners, as well from their own Knowledge, as from the Information of Persons well (killed in the Navigation and Trade of the said River, upon the most deliberate Confederation, are fully persuaded that, if the Bill is permitted to pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners and the Public, and will produce ill Consequences to the Property and Trade of the said City: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that the fetid Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands Ditto, and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Secern, in the County of Worcester, and others: And also,

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Ditto, Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Severn, in the County of Worcester, and others;

Were

4

444 $7° Martii. . 1785.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. That Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, under a Pretence of improving the Navigation of the River Severn, by raising the Water by Locks and Wears, lowering the Bed of the River, or otherwise; and that the Petitioners, being almost the only Proprietors and Occupiers of Land on the Banks of the said River running through the said County of Worcester (except such Proprietors as are Members of either House of Parliament) beg Leave to inform the House, that they are very apprehensive great Injury will ensue to their Property, if an Act is passed agreeable to such Petition, as it will be laying ar burthensome Toll on a Free River, and that by a Set of Men totally unconnected with the said County of Worces; and that the Petitioners, as well from their own Knowledge, as from the Information of able and experienced Engineers and Surveyors, are fully allured that the intended Alterations, so far from answering the End proposed, will greatly injure the Navigation, much increase the Price of Coal and other Merchandize carried upon the said River, and be productive of many ill Consequences to the Property and Trade of the said County, all which the Petitioners are able and willing to prove to the House, by very sufficient Evidence: And therefore praying tire House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Couniel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law-.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River,

from or near a Place called in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep W ater at or near a Place called Digits, below the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and the Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counfei be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

‘ConviOs. Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of the Provisions issued to Convicts and their Guard, at the Ports of Portsmouth and Plymouth, from the lftof January 1775.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

Margate ' Sir Charles Preston reported from the Committee, to Playhouse. whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Margate, in the County of Kent, was referred;’ That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Robson being examined, said, That the said Town and Port is large and populous, and continually increasing, and much frequented by Nobility, and others, for the Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and the Conveniency of going to and from the Continent on Account of its Vicinity to the Coalt of France — That a licensed Playhouse in the said Town, under proper Regulations, would afford a rational Entertainment to Persons residing in or near the same, and to all Persons resorting thereto; and he added, that the Owners of the Ground, conveniendy situated for the erecting a Building for the Purpose of a Playhouse, are willing to dispose of the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Me of Thanet, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Charles Preston and Mr. James Luttrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Captain Elphinstone reported from the Committee, Dumbarton to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges B°ads, A:, in the County of Dumbarton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tress’ Estate. for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Onslow, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Election* — Reading of the Bill for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain office* W Officers and Persons employed in or under the several Offices of Ordnance, Navy, Navy Pay, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt, from giving their Votes at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said BUI be tead a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Newfound-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, la?d Fist-to consider of the Laws relating to the Fisheries carried er, es* on by His Majesty s Subjects at the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, and what further Provisions may be necessary for protecting, encouraging, and extending the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they

Seaford

Election*

RethidioD of

National

Debt

2 6 Geo. III.

2 7° Mar tit.

445

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Right honourabJeJfairy Flood and Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, was delivered in at the Table, ana read; Setting forth. That, on Tuesday, the 21st Day of March Instant, an Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, came on there, at which Elefition the Petitioners, and Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, and Sir John Henderson, Baronet, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, but Lancelot Harison, Esquire, who afited as Bailiff and Returning Officer at tire said Election, in taking the Poll was guilty of grols Partiality and Injustice towards the Petitioners* by arbitrarily and illegally rejecting the Votes of several Persons who tendered to vote for the Petitioners, and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson who had no legal Right to vote, and in many other Respefits the said Lancelot Harison was guilty of unwarrantable Practices, as well previous to as during the said Election, in favour of the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson; and that several Persons, who voted for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, had previously asked, received, and taken Money, and other Reward, and had agreed or contracted for Money, Gift, and Reward, to give their Votes in tire said Election, and had been guilty of other illegal and corrupt Practices, by Means whereof their Votes so given are, and ought to be declared to be, void; and that the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, by themselves, or Ibme Person or Persons employed by them, or one of them, did, by Gift or Reward, and by Promile, Agreement, or Security for Gift, or Reward, corrupt and procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election, and by these, and other undue Means, the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson procured themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, in Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Town and Port, and in Defiance of the Laws and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 25th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two A fits, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.*

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, might be read.

And the same being rod accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Voi. 41.

7

Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of his Majesty's laid Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the Natioual Debt

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Selefifc Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers presented to the House in this Session of Parliament relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and4o report to the House what may be expefited to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fol- East India lowing Papers, which were presented to the House upon I>aP*r* to the 2d, 13th, and 20th Days of this Instant March, by on, lte<1' Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House:

Extrafit of Bengal Secret Confutations, 8th October 1784; and also, Letter from Mr. Bristow to the Governor General and Council at Fort William, dated Calcutta, 26th November 1784, with the Accounts, Remarks, and Extracts, annexed to the said Letter — contained in N® 1, presented 2d March.

Instructions from the governor General to Mr.

John Bristow, dated Fort William, 23d October 1782 — contained in N® 2, Vol. I. presented 13th March.

Extrafit of a Letter from Mr Nathaniel Middleton to Mr. John Bristow, Resident at the Vizier’s Court, dated Lucknow, 23d October 1782; and allb, Correspondence between Mr. Anderson and Mr. Bristow, relative to Mirza Jung lee.

Brother to the Nabob of; and also, Two Letters from Mr. Bristow to the Governor General and Council, dated Lucknow, 7th and 13th June 1783; and allb, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 30th June 1783, relative to Major Palmer’s Negotiation with Fyzoola Ceram — contained in N® 2, Vol. II. presented 13th March.

Letter from Mr. Bristow to the Governor General and Council, dated Lucknow, 8th February 1784; and also, Letter from the Governor General to the Court of Directors, dated Lucknow, 30th April 1784; and also, Minute of the Governor Genera], 4th December 1784 — contained in N® 2, Vol. VI. presented 13th March.

Letter from the Resident at Benares, dated 6th October 1783» and allb, Arzie lirom the Widow of Rajah Buboant Sing, received 14th April; and allb, Artie from Rajah Myhipnarain, of same Date; and also, Two Letters from Mr.

Fowke, dated Benares, 5th June and 28th July,

1783; and also, Letter from Mr. Fowke, dated Benares, 14th February 1784; and also, Letter from Mr. Hastings, dated Lucknow, 2d April 1784, in Bengal Secret Confutations, 20th April 1784; and also, Letter from the Board at Fort William to the Governor General,

20th May 1784; and allb, Extrafit of Bengal Secret Confutations, 30th June 1784; and also, Letter from Mr. Fowke, dated Benares,

22d June 1784; and allb, Letter from Mr.

Fowke to Mr. Secretary Hay, dated Benares,

18th May 1785 — contained in N®. 3, Vol II. presented 13th March.

Extract of Bengal General Consultations, 14th . December 1780; and also, Extract of Letter from the President and Council at Bombay to $X the

Papers receding East India Atikirs.

Debtors Petition*

Convicts.

Regulating East India Affairs.

2 7° Martii. A. 178&

the Governor General and Council, dated' 26th April 1781; and also, ExtraQ; of Bengal General Gonfultations, 25th March 1782; and also, ExtraQ of Court’s Letter to Bengal, dated 12th July 1782; and also. Statement inclosed in Letter from Saint George to the Governor General and Council, dated 21st December 1782; and also, ExtraQ of Letter from the Agent for Supplies, in Bengal General Confutations, lft April 1783 — contained in N* 4, presented 13th March.

Extracts of Bengal Revenue Consultatiwns, 13th February 1778; and also, ExtraQ of Bengal Revenue Confutations, 29th December 1778; and also, ExtraQ of Bengal Revenue Consulta-tions, 16th February 1779 — contained in N* 10, presented 20th March.

Letter from Mr. Hastings to Major dated

Benares,3d Noroember 1781; and also, Letter from Mr. Hastings to Major Popham, dated Ckunar, 14th November 1781; and also, Extrad: of Bengal General Confutations, 2 2d March 1784 — contained, in N° 5. presented 13th March.

Letter from the President and Council to Colonel Champion, dated Fort William, 29U1 August 1774; and also, Letter from Mr. Hastings to Colonel Champion, dated Fort William, 31st August 1774 — contained in N* 5, presented 20th March.

ExtraQ; of Bengal Secret Confutations, 15th February 1781; and also, ExtraQ of Bengal Secret Confutations, 4th June 1781 — contained in N* 6, presented 20th March.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Duplicates of all Correspondence relative to the Ranna of Gohed, not included in the Reports of the Committee of Secrecy, or in the Papers presented to this House on the 20th Instant

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Orders of the Court of Directors to their Servants in India, relative to the Mode of transmitting Letters or Representations from India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Court of Directors, conveying their unanimous Thanks to Mr. Hastings, on the 28th of June 1785.

A Petition of the unfortunate Citizens of London confined for Debt in the City Prison of Ludgate, was presented to the House, and read; complaing of their Distrefe, and praying Relief

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of an Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury and Duncan Campbell, for maintaining, cloathing, and guarding ConviQs confined on board a Ship in Langston Harbour.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting

the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British

37-

108.

Possessions in India, was, according to Order, read the; Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Discre-tionary Powers given by this Bill shall only be exercised by the present Governor General of Bengal and the Governors of Madras and Bombay, and for a Time afterwards to be nfruted.

And the Question being put, That the said.Clause be brought up j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Td,

Teller, for he

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to restraiu the Exercise of the said Discretionary Powers given by the Bill to the Governor General and Governors, to certain Cafes therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for the like Purposes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that no Person shall be permitted by the Court of Directors to return to India, against whom any Charge appears on the Company’s Records, until the Charge has been examined by the Board of Controul.

And the Question being put. That tire said Clause.be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Person shall be appointed by His Majesty to return to India, against whom any Charge appears on the Company’s Records, until the Charge has been examined by the Board of Controul.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that when the Go-. vemor General dissents from his Council, he shall dif-patch a Ship to Europe immediately, with an Account of such Proceeding.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1.22.

Pr. 13.

1. 28. 1. 29.

To leave out " and" and insert " he shall have been so provisionally appointed thereto, or" instead thereof.

To leave out " said."

To leave out " when," and insert " wherein," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an AQ, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dttndas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Eift&oow.

County

Voter*.

Sopply.

Ditto.

Ways and Means.

Stourbridge

Canal.

26 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Order. Of the Day, for the House to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Election's, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-' ing ne^t, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resdhed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, reiblve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester:

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Petition of Manna-duke Langdale, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers of certain Lands and Tenements through which a Navigation is intended to be made from out of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River Severn, at a Place called Digtis, near Worcester, which were presented to the House upon Friday last, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the several Entries In the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "now," in order to add at the End of the Question the Words " upon this Day " Three Months.*’

And the said proposed Amendment, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Tithe.

Then the Cdunfel for and against the Bill were -called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Peribni whole Names Vol. 41.

447

are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Iron, and other Works and Mauufa&ories, Lands and Estates, lying between Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the City of Worcester; and allb, the Petition of the Right honourable George Henry Earl of Stamford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Feoffees or Trustees of the Charity Estates belonging to Stourbridge Hospital, in the County of Worcester;

and also, the Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Shrewsbury, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Iron, and other Works and Manufactories, Lands, or Estates, situate between Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the City of } and also, the

Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands and Estates through which a Canal is intended to be made from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to communicate with the River Severn, at near 5

and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Stourport, in the County of Worcester; and also, the Petition of Marmaduke Langdale, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Owners or Occupiers of certain Lands and Tenements through which a Navigation is intended to be made from out of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to communicate with the River Severn, at a Place called Diglis, near Worcester, against the said Bill, were also read.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and wdnt through the Evidence.

And the other of the Counsel for the Petitioners was, in Part, heard to observe upon the Evidence.

And then the Couufel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUersforteY^;^.0-'- } ,8.

Tellers for the Noes>{j^j1® ^Edward Wrtcy: } *>

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in.

And the said Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And one of the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, the Lord Westcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

.27° Martii.

44®

Nairn

ElaAkxu

Members

fnmxnoned.

Nairn

Election.

Members

fammoned*

2 8° — 29° Martii.

A.\ 786.

Mortis, 28* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*5* Regis, 1786. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Como Gordon, Esquire, one of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Viscount Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select

Scotland, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Donaldson, Writer to the Signet, William King, of New- Name was set aside.

mish, Major Alexander Donaldson, late of the Seventy sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert Camming, of Logie, and John Rose, of Holm, Esquires, Freeholders of the County of Naim, and having a Right to vote at the Election for

And the Names of Eight other Members, then prefect, were drawn, who were not objected to f

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select

a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return his Name was set aside.

for the said County, being come; And the Name of Sir Charles Gould befog drawn,

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr.'Speaker, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the said Select Committee, That he was under a Necessity the wmwpHiat* Attendance of the Members on the of attending, as Judge Advocate General, on a Court Bufinefe of the House. Martial to be held on an Officer of the Artillery upon

And he went accordingly. Friday next; and the Substance of what was so alledged

And being returned} by him befog taken down by the Clerk, in Manner

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Seventy- before-mentioned; and the said Member having at the fix Members only being found to be present, Mr. Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the

Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and* immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,29° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, one of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Donaldson, Writer to the Signet, William King, of New-mish, Major Alexander Donaldson, late of the Seventy-sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert Camming, of Logie, and John Rose, of Holm, Esquires, Freeholders of the County of Naim, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve so Parliament for the said Count}-, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Sele&

Committee to try and determine the Merits of the fiud erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Petition. Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufi- contribute towards the County Rates, of Devon, and for ness of the House. ‘ " ~ ....

House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That the said Member, so respect of what he has now alledged and verified, be excused from serving on the said Seleti, Committee; which befog agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aGde, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Ten, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; One, on Account of his being a Member against whose Return a Petition was depending; and Fifteen, on Account of their having already, in this Seffioti of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, befog complete. Lilts of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Captain Fanshawe reported from the Committee, - to Plymouth whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, i>oor* Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

And he went accordingly.

And befog returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Four Members befog found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House befog locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax so the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, so the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report so

his

Severn

K&vifiititiw

Harvington

inclosure.

Deal Small Debts.

Hockliffe, kc* R0*4,

26 Geo. III. 290 Martit.

-his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Persons being Subscribers for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near Digits, below the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Application is making to the House, for a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Secern, between Meadow Wharf and Digits aforesaid; and Representing to the House, That there are Beds of Sand and Gravel in the said River, between Worcester and Gloucester, which in dry Seasons obstruct the Passage of Vessel* of large Burthen, and will render the Navigation of the said River incomplete, if Provision is not made to remove them: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for scouring and cleansing the said River Severn, and preventing Obstructions therein, between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, without any further or additional Tolls being allowed to be taken on that Account

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Secern, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near a Place called Digits, below the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, TUmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Great

Mongeham, Little Mongeham, TUmanstone, Betshanger, Ham and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Mar sham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trufrees for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the said V01. 41.

Road, were read; and it appeared that the Term granted by the last mentioned Act had been for Ibme Time expired: Then

Mr. Thomas Ewesdin informed Your Committee

That the Trustees having, in compliance with the Provisions of the General Turnpike Act, erected a Weighing Engine upon the said Road, became entitled to an Addition of Five Years to their original Term, as directed by the said General Turnpike Act.

And he also said. That the Sum of 800 borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts of the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty are further continued.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And that Mr.

William Wyndham Grenville and Mr. Aubrey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Newfound, the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider la"d of the Laws relating to the Fisheries carried on by His Majest^s Subjects at the Island of and

Parts adjacent, and what further Provisions may be necessary for protesting, encouraging, and extending the lame, be now* received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Bounties be allowed to a certain Number of Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of the Island of Newfoundland, in Manner following; that is to say, to the firit One hundred Vessels which shall arrive, in each Year, in the Ports of the said Island, with a Cargo of Fish not leis than 10,000 by Tale, catched on the Banks thereof, and shall, after landing the fame, proceed for, and return with,' One Cargo of Fish more at least, catched upon the said Banks, if carrying not less than Twelve Men, Forty Pounds each, but, if such Men are carried upon Shares, Fifty Pounds each — if carrying leis than Twelve Men, and not less than Seven, Twenty-five Pounds each, but, if such Men are carried upon Shares, Thirty-five Pounds each — -and to the next One hundred Vessels that shall arrive in the said Ports with a like Cargo, and shall, after landing the fame, proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence with One or more Cargoes of Fish, in Manner aforesaid, if carrying Twelve Men, Twenty-five Pounds each, but, if such men are carried upon Shares, Thirty-five Pounds each — if carrying leis than Twelve Men, and not less than Seven Men, Eighteen Pounds each, but, if such men are carried upon Shares, Twenty-one Pounds each.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws relating to the Fisheries carried on by His Majesty's Subjects, at the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent.

5 Y Ordered,

450

290 Martii. A. 1786.

Greenland, &c. and Southern Fisheries.

Supply.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid on the Greenland Whale Fishery, from the Time of their first being granted; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Great Britain for the Greenland Whale Fishery, from the Commencement of the Bounty, in the Year 1733, to the present Time; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whence they were fitted out.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties which have been paid to the Vessels fitted out for the Southern Whale Fishery, under the Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and under another Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Great Britain for the Southern Whale Fishery, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whe^e they were fitted out

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships now fitting out, in the several Ports of Great Britain, for the Greenland and Southern Whale Fishery, with the Tonnage of the Vessels l'o fitting out.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Train or Animal Oil imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, from Christmas 1700 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of Greenland Fishery from other Oils.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 25th Day of December 1784 to the 25th Day of December 1785, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-two thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines for the Year 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced.

and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-five thousand and Sixteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital for the Year 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Five hundred and Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1786.

Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1786.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoff ord and Dunfubl* Mr. Pepys; Road-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wadhurst, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of &c- Hoad, the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of JVadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's in

the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Marden,

Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kipping’* Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the Fifth Crofa Hoad*. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Auoa to continue and render more effectual, so much of an Harbour. Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An shottery Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Inclosuru. Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Wanoick; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An oddingtoa Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- inclosure.

mon

Narberth, &c. Inclosure.

Coal Trade*

Crathornt's

Name,

Bawtry Bridge, &c. Roads*

26 Gfco. III. 29 Martii. 451

mon Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Odding-ton, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of Waste Grounds within the Manors of Templeton,

Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the P&rilhes of Narberth and Robestone Wathan, in the County of broke; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the several Pantiles lying between Putney and R both inclusive, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Tasburgh, Esquire, (lately called George Crathorne) and his Heirs Male, to take and

bear the Surname and Arm3 of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpeand Langlon, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of Morton to and from

Haxey Field to The Trent, at Ferry, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Moseley being examined, laid. That a considerable Progress has been made in repairing the Roads in the First District comprised in the said Act, and that the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted to be taken within the said District — That there is now remaining due the Sum of 7,824/., or thereabouts, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads within the said District kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. Then,

Mr. Benjamin Sharing being examined, said, That the Trustees have made a considerable Progress in the Repair of the Roads in the Second District in the said Act mentioned; and that there is now due on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act directed to be taken within the said District the Sum of 2,895/., or thereabouts, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads within the said District be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton,

Vol. 41.

" in the County of Lincoln, and from North Wittingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dex thorpe " and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge, " and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to " Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of " Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey Field to The " Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described: And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a " Place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold " Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mitt Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln,'’ was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Hill to

Post on Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a New Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Lord Viscount Maitland, and William M‘Denial, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

William Selwyn, Esquire, Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquire, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, Sir James Duff, Baronet, Daniel Pulteney, Esquire, Henry Cecil, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, James Gordon, Esquire, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Paul Orchard, Esquire, Harry Burrard, Esquire, Robert Thornton, Esquire,

John Langston, Esquire, Lord Yrifcount Maitland, William MDenial, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, One of the Barons of His Majesty’s

Great

Grimsby

Road*.

Spittlegate Hill Ruada.

Nairn

Election.

452 29 0 Martii 1786.

Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Writer

to the Signet, William King, of Major Alex-

ander Donaldson, late of the Seventy-sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert Camming of Logie, and John Rose, of Holm, Esquires, Freeholders of the County of Naim, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Coal Trade. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, is referred, That they have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Message from Mr. Chancellor ofe the Exchequer acquainted the Ci* if'lift- House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to Debt. this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House, and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

It gives His Majesty great Concern, that it has not been found possible to confine the necessary Expences of His Civil Government within the Annual Sum of Eight hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, now applicable thereto. A farther Debt has been necessarily incurred, an Account of which He has ordered to be laid before the House.

His Majesty relies on the Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, that they will take the same into their early Consideration, and make such Provision as the Circumstances may appear to them to require.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Mr. Rose presented to the House by His Majesty’s Command, Eg?*-

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the lft of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Sum necessary " to discharge a Demand due to the Representatives " of John Ellis, Esquire, deceased, late Agent for the " Province of West Florida, being the Surplufege of " his Account between the 24th of June 1772 and the " 24th of June 1776And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the 1 ft of January 1786 to the ift of 1787: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787:. And

also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of " The Bermuda, or Somer's Islands, from the 24th of " June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787:" And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

i6 Geo. III. 290 Martii. 453

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787*

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor.....* - *

.....Chief Justice ——

---- Attorney General -

---- Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ----.

---- Naval Officer

- . - - - - Surveyor General of Lands - -

---- Treasurer ——

---- Agent -

To Allowances to Ministers ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England Mrs. Howes Annuity - ----- -.- -

Allowance to a Superintendent of the Fishery -

D* on Account for Fees, on the Receipt and Audit of Grants -

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett, whole Services as Missionary to the Indians have been very meritorious, and who, by a Paralytic Stroke, is rendered incapable of performing his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society td another Missionary, he is now reduced to the utmost Poverty and Diiirefs -

Allowance to the late Register, whole Office is united to that of Secretary, till otherwise provided for- - -

1,000 -

50 0----

150----

250-----

100-----

150-----

50-----

Jtoo----

740 -

75-----

100 — — 100 —

300 -

100 — — 136 17 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil EstablHhment of the Island of Saint John, in America,

from the ift of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice - -

---- Attorney General ——

- ----- Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - -

---- Naval Officer -

---- Provost Marshal - - - -

---- Minister ——

---- Surveyor General - -

- - - - Agent ——

To an Allowance for Contingencies - -

D# on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Auditing -

To an Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for To D* to the late Clerk of the Council, until otherwise provided for -

3,851 17 6

tint John, in America,

£: s. d.

500 — —

300

100

- 150 i

- ioo — —

100

- 70

100

100

130 — —

100

- 90

- 60 — -

c l,uOO

Vo 1,. 41.

52 AMOUNT

Colonial

EstabMh-

ments«

454

290 Ma

Colonial

Establish-

meiiis*

A. I

A M O U N T of the Sum necessary to discharge a Demand due to the Representatives of John Ellis, Eftjuire, deceased, late Agent for the Province of West Floruit, being the Svplulbge of hie Account between the 24th of June 1772 and the 24th of June 1776.

The Sum due as above ----- £.1,816 15 7i

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the same, from the ill of January 1786 to the ill of January 1787.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

- - - - Chief Justice - -

Salary to Two Afljistant Judges, 200l. per Annum each

- - - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

- - - Provost tyarlhal -

- - - Attorney General - ’ -

- - - Minister

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleythera Ditto to a Missionary to the other Islands Salary to the Surveyor General of Lands

- - - - Agent -

For the Arrears to Ditto -

Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies -

£. s.

200 -

500-----

400-----

150-----

150-----

,5o----

70-----

70-----

70-----

150-----

150 —

100-----

500-----

2,660-----

T

ESTIMATE) of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the: Island of Cape in Atneriar,

from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

. - - Chief Justice - - -

---- Attorney General- -

- - - - - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

---- Naval Officer -

.....Provost Marshal - - - . -

- - . ... Minister -

---- Surveyor General" - - - - ~ -

---- Agent ——

Allowance upon Account for unforeseen Contingencies

£. d.

500 -

- 300 -

. 100 — —

150----

100 -

100 —

100----

100 — —

150 r----

500 -

2,100/ ----;

SAXA.BY

26 Geo. III. 29® Martii.

455

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787....

Fees on Receipt -

C * d. 500----

80-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New,

in America, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ----- Chief Justice ---->--

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, 300l. each -

- - - Attorney General -

- - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

- - - Naval Officer -

- - - Surveyor General of Lands -

- - - Agent -

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

To an Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

£. s. d.

1,000-----

500-----

000-----

150-----

250-----

100 — —

150-----

1.50----

600-----

500-----

c

4,300----

aBHBBBBSa

Ordered, That the find Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Quantify, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, of Battens, Deals Ordinary, and Deals Spruce, imported into England, for Fifteen Years, viz. from the 5th Day of January 1771, to the 5th Day of January 1786; distinguishing the Quantity imported, and the Amount of the Duty paid in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,-ah Account of the Amount of the Duty on Walli, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, from the Commencement of that Duty to as late a Period' as the fame' can' be made up.

The House being informed that Mr. Peyton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to therr Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Walli, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, from the Commencement of that Duty to as late a Period as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to cortfider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, as

Vol. 41.

recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papdrs of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, prdfehted to the House, purfoant to their OrdOr,

An Account of the Quantity, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, of Battens, Deals Ordinary, and Deals Spruce, imported into England for Fifteen Years, viz. from the 5th of January 177 to the 5th of January 1786; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of lb much of His Majesty s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, as recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to couftder of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, as recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Dtebt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Colonial

Eft&blish-

meats.

Duties on

Battens, Deals, 4c.

Reduction of

National

Debt-

Papers r$-

f|>ed ng East India Affairs.

British

Turbot

Fishery*

Sevtm

Navigation.

Ditto.

456 ao° Mar Hi. 178

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported trom the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Letters from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor General and Council ot Fort William, in which the said Court express their Censure or Dilapprobation of the Conduct of Warren Hastings, Esquire, or any Part thereof, with their Realons, from the lft of January 1775, inclusive, to the latelt Period.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Loblters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Severn, in the County of Worcester, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, under a Pretence of improving the Navi-

fation of the River Severn, by erecting Locks and f ears, and laying a Toll thereon, railing the Water, towering the Fed of the River, or otherwise; and that the Petitioners being almost the only Proprietors and Occupiers of Land on the Banks of the said River, running through the said County of Worcester (except such Proprietors as are Members of either House of Parliament) beg Leave to inform the House, that they are very apprthenlive great Injury will ensue to their Property, if an Act is passed agreeable to such Petition, as it will be laying a burthensome Toll on a free River, and that by a Set of Men totally unconnected with the said County of Worcester-, and that the Petitioners, as well from their own Knowledge, as from the Information of able and experienced Engineers and Surveyors, are fully allured that the intended Alterations, so far from answering the End proposed, will greatly injure the Navigation, much increase the Price of Coal and other Merchandize carried upon the said River, and be productive of many ill Consequences to the Property and Trade of the said County, all which the Petitioners are able and willing to prove to the House by very sufficient Evidence: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard by their Counfei, agamic the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Barge Owners navigating on the River Severn, and other Inhabitants residing in and near Broseley, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully convinced* if such Bill should pass into a Law, it will operate widely- different to the avowed Intent thereof, and, instead of being a Benefit, will be a great Injury to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, for the Petitioners conceive that the Water cannot be raised without narrowing the River in particular Places, and consequently increasing the Velocity of the Stream, which will considerably ira-04

pede the Navigation, and render it much more dangerous than at present; and representing to the House, That, in the present State of, the River, the Petitioners, can pass the Vessels of each other by Night or by Day, whereas, if Wears, or any other Obstructions should be made in the River, it will not be safe or praftieable for the Petitioners to pass them in the Night, especially upwards, but they will be under the Necessity of laying by till the Morning, and which, by a Variation of Wind or Weather, may be attended with a long Hindrance in their Uufmefs, and a Loss and Inconvenience to the Public in general; and that a Number of the Petitioners Vessels frequently let Sail and proceed in their Voyages oh life said River together, without Hazard of ruuning foul of each other, but, if such Wears or other Obstructions should be made, there will be great Danger in a tempestuous Seal'on, even in the Day Time, of the Petitioners Vessels running against each other at such Wears, and of a Vessel passing through such Wears downwards running foul of a Vessel passing upwards; and that the principal Obstructions which, in the present State of the River, in dry Seasons, impede the Navigation, are Beds of Sand, and which the Projectors of the intended Improvement in the Navigation of the River propose to remove, but the Petitioners conceive that to be vain Labour, as Sands are a fluctuating Body, shifting with every Tide of Flood, and, if removed from one Place, will col left again in another; and that raising the Water in different Parts of the River will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, increase the Height and Number of the Floods, which will not only impede the Navigation of the River, but greatly prejudice the Lands and Houses of several of the Petitioners, and others, adjoining the said River, and, if such Bill should pal's into a Law, it will tend to the Benefit only of the Projectors, who will receive at least an Interest of 201, per Cent, for the Money by them advanced, and it will also be a Prejudice to the County of Salop at large, and to the Trade and Commerce thereof, by laying a burthensome and unnecessary Toll on a Free River, and by dangerously obstructing, instead of improving, the Navigation of the fame; and that the Inhabitants of every Town, on or near adjoining the said River, will fuller greatly from the Number of Poor, which mull, in consequence of the said Bill passing into a Law, apply for Relief to the Parishes to which they belong, as not a Third Part of the Men, which at present maintain their Families by working on the said River, will meet with Employ, and, by reducing the Number of Men on the said River, the Navy of Great Britain must materially lliffcr, as on a moderate Calculation not less than i,',oo Seamen from the said - River w ere engaged in His Majesty’s Service the last War, owing to the Number of young Men who are Annually bound by Indenture to the Matters of Vessels trading thereon, whereby they are qualified to enter into the Service of their Country: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of to

the Deep Water at or near a Place called DigUs, below the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time: And the first-mentioned petitioners are to be then heard by their Counfei against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counfei be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The

i6 Geo. III. 290 — 30* Martiu 457

Supply.

Ways and Mmm.

Seram

Kavigadou.

Margate

Playhoofa.

Plymouth

Poor.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, SO* die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1786. Praters.

THE House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for reading a Second Time Tomorrow the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow

Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near a Place called Diglis, below the City of Worcester, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennighb

Sir Charles Preston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Play-house within the Town and Port of Margate, in the I lie of Thanet, in the County of Kent: Ana the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Refen of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erefiting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in thefehfeffown, and for granting further Power to the Guard {Mr the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the Countjpof 1, was read the

Third-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An A Gtto amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Refen of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen* by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Captain Fado carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Vol. 41.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventr Coventry Canal Navigation was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the last Session of Parliament, a Petition was presented to the House, by the Petitioners, for a Bill to enable them to compleat the said Canal from Atherstone, in the county of,

to Fazeley, in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes, arid afterwards, in the same Session, a Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, was also presented, for a Bill to make navigable the Rivers Trent,

Tame, and Anker, in the Counties of Stafford, , and Warwick, from the said River Trent, at or near Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, to the Borough of Tamworth, in the said Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and from thence to or near a Place called Field on Bridge, near Atherstone aforesaid, with several Cuts to communicate with the Coventry Canal at Atherstone aforesaid, with the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal at or near Fazeley, and with the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey at or near Wicknover, in the said County of Stafford, the compleating of which Navigation would have effected all the Purposes of the Extennon of the Coventry Canal, and consequently rendered such Extension totally unnecefiaiy; and that, in Expectation of such Navigation being made, no Proceedings were had upon the Petition so presented by the Petitioners, and neverthelefe no Proceedings were had upon the said . Petition for making the said Rivers navigable, but an Act passed in the last Session, for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey and Oxford Canal Navigation Companies and the Petitioners; and that, at a special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, held on the 2d Day of this Instant March, to consider of the Propriety of an Application to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for extending the said Canal to Fazeley, a great Majority of the Company present voted in Favour of such Application, but such Majority not possessing Two hundred Shares in the faijl Navigation, nothing could be done in consequence thereof, nor any Petition be presented within the lime limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills; and that at the Half Yearly General Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Navigation, held on Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant March, it was resolved, that Application should be made to Parliament in the present Session, for impowering the Company to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to carry on and compleat the said Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley, and for purebaiing or redeeming such Part of the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, as is veiled in, and undertaken to be executed by, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, in case the Petitioners shall think proper to redeem or purchase the fame, and also, for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the A&, of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Coventry Canal, if the House would give Leave to present a Petition for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, for the Purposes mentiontfl in the said Petition presented by the Petitioners to the House in the last Session of Parliament

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be

6 A given

d

by

45 8

30® Martii.

A. 178

'oventry

__1 *

raven to present a Petition, as desired by the said Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation.

Then a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal then making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to raise, amongst themfel ves, the Sum of 50,000 /. for carrying the said Work into Execution, and, if that Sum should not prove sufficient, they were authorized to raise a further Sum of 30,000 /. in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners did accordingly raise the said Sum of 50,0001. the Whole of which hath been expended in carrying on the said Work, and the said Canal hath long since been compleated from Coventry to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Sixteen Miles and Three

Quarters, but the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act have been found insufficient to enable the Petitioners to raise any further Sum of Money towards proceeding with the said Canal; and that, in pursuance of several Agreements, and of Two Acts of Parliament,

Giffed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Years of is present Majesty’s Reign, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, and the Company of* Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Navigations, have undertaken, and are impowered to execute, that Part of the Coventry Canal which lies between Fazeley and Fradley , with a Power for the Petitioners to redeem or purchase Part thereof, upon the Terms mentioned in such Agreements and Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to compleat the remaining Part of the said Coventry Canal between Atherstone and Fazeley, and also to support and maintain the Canal already made by them from Coventry to , as

aforesaid, it is necessary that several Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, and that feme further Powers and Provisions should be given to them for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to carry on and compleat the said Canal from Atherstone to , and for purchasing or redeeming such Part of the said Canal, between Fazeley and Fradley H, as is vested in, and undertaken to be executed by, the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, in case the Petitioners shall think proper to redeem or purchase tho fame, and also for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

PmUm!*11* Petition of the Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty

"* Chapmen, residing within Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Com-

03

plaining of certain Parts of the Ad, periled in the last Session of Parliament, for granting Additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repealing of the 9th and 11 th Sedions of the said Act, and for such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Severn the City of Worcester, in Common Council assembled, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That it appears by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Meadow Wharf, in ' brook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near Diglis, below the City of War tester; and that the Petitioners are informed*, such pretended Improvement is intended to be effected by the Erection of Locks and Wears upon the said River, and, in order to defray the Expence thereof, it is intended to impose a heavy Toll upon all Coals and Merchandize, to be navi-

gited and carried along the said River; and that the iver already answers the Purposes of Trade, and the Petitioners are convinced, that if the Bill should pals into a Law, it will be very injurious to the Public in general, and to the Property and Trade of the City of Worcester in particular: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Barge Owners navigating on the Ditto. River Severn, and others residing in and near the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said River, in raising the Water, by making Wears and Locks, or by lowering the Bed; and that the Petitioners have very maturely considered the Consequences of such pretended Improvements, and are fully convinced, if such Bill should pals into a Law, it will operate widely different to the avowed Intent thereof, and, instead of being a Benefit, will be a great Injury to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, for the Petitioners conceive, that the Water cannot be raised without narrowing the River in particular Places, and consequently increasing the Velocity of the Stream, which will considerably impede the Navigation, and render it much more dangerous than at present; and Representing to the House, That, in the present State of the River*the Petitioners can pass the Vessels of each other, uptill Parts of it, by Night or by Day, whereas, if Wears) or any other ObitrucHons, should be made in the River, it will not be safe or practicable for the Petitioners to pass them in the Night, especially upwards, but they will be under the Necessity of laying by till the Morning, and which, by a Variation of Wind or Weather, may be attended with a long Hindrance in their Business, and a Lois and Inconve-niency to the Public in generals and that a Number of the Petitioners Vessels frequently let Sail and proceed in their Voyage on the said River together, without Hazard of running foul of each other, but, if such Wears, or other Obltxuctions, should be made, there w ill be great Danger in a tempestuous Season, even in the Day Time, of the Petitioners Vessels running against each other at such Wears, and of Vessels passing through such Wears downwards running foul of a Vessel passing upwards; and that the principal Obstructions which, in the present State of the River in dry Seasons, impede the Navigation, are Ltds of Sand, and which the Projectors

of.

m.

V

*"A3i

26 Geo. III. 30 Martii. 459

of the pretended Improvement in the Navigation of the River propose to remove, but the Petitioners conceive that to be vain Labour, as Sands are a fluctuating Body, shifting with every Tide or Flood, and if removed from onePlace, will collect again in another; and that raising the Water in different Parts of the River will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, increase the Height and Number of Floods, which will not only impede the Navigation of the River, but greatly prejudice the Lands and Houses, particularly the lower Part of the Town of Bridgnorth aforesaid, and'that, upon the Whole, such Bill, if it should pais into a Law, will tend to the Benefit only of the Projectors, but will be a Prejudice to the County at large, and to the Trade and Commerce of it, by laying a burthensome and unnecessary Toll on a free River, and by dangerously obstructing, instead of improving, the Navigation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Severn A Petition of the Bailiffs, . principal Merchants,

Navigation. Tradesmen, Barge Owners, and Fishermen, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was likew ife presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition is presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near Digits, below Worcester; and that the Severn hath been always a free River, and the Inhabitants of Tewkesbury have hitherto enjoyed every Advantage therefrom they could with for, and that the Petitioners apprehend the Promoters of the said Bill intend to erect Locks and Wears upon the Severn, and to impose a Tonnage upon Coals, and all Merchandize passing through the fame, which the Petitioners conceive will not only be vjbry injurious to them, and to the Trade upon the said River, by increasing the Price of Coals and Freight, but will also be extremely prejudicial to the >almon, Shad, Lamprey, and other Fimeries in the Severn, as Locks and Wears will prevent the Passage of thoie Fish towards the Head of the River, where they chiefly deposit their Spawn; and that the Petitioners cannot perceive any Prospect of Advantage which they or the Public will derive from the pretended Improvment, to compensate for the Lose they will fufiain, and believe that, if the Measures proposed should be authorized by the Legislature, they will tend only to enrich a few private rrojeftors, unconnected with the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to the great Injury of the Community in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for. improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the Deep Water at or near a Place called , below the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and the second-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

iwreley The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, ac-

oclofiin*. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Raoeley, in the County Vol. 41.

of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cecil reported from the Committee, to whom James Deep, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are l"e Stnp« thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, Br keRo*®* passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge,

" to Peter's Gate, in Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town " of Morcot, in the County of Rutland? was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad dicefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,.

Mr. Henry Bishop informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the > said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains' due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads compleatly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the said Act, which the Witftels apprehends is now expired, be revived, and the Powers thereof continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term. and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called Jatnei Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Siampford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland:

And that Mr. Cedi and Sir George Howard do prepare^ and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and princi- Stourbridge pal Inhabitants of the Borough of in the CuaL

County of Cornwall, whole Namas are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in, for making a Navigable Canal from or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Digits, near the City of Worcester; and that the Conveyance of the natural Productions from the Petitioners Part of the Kingdom to Manchester, Birmingham, and other Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and Merchandize returning from thence, are often delayed on the River Severn, by the Uncertainties of that Navigation, and the Petitioners conceive, that the intended Canal will be a Means of obviating those Difficulties, and be of great Benefit to them and the Public at large:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler have Leave to go into Leav« of the Country for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of Absenco. his Health.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the

briberies

V. £

-4 6o 30® Martii. A. 1786.

Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Spittlegat# An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Hill Road. Df an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His

?resent Majesty King George the Third, and allb of wo Acts made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

®T?at An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

£27 of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or " near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill " Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lmcoin," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enforcing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, " at or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to " Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The " Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln."

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotland — The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Coal D>ty. Commissioners of the Customs in attended at

the Door; he was-called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Coals exported Coastwise within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, specifying the Sums raised at each Port; from the lftof January 1780 to the lft of January 1786, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew;

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The feid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

Chester, &e. A Petition of Thomas Shaw, Proprietor of certain Com Mills at Mickle Trajford, in t|xe County of Chester, was presentdd to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilders Pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the

Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester -, and Setting forth, That there are Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioner, by subjecting Carriages bringing Cora from Chester to his Mills to be ground, and conveying the Meal and Flour from thence to Preston Brook, to double the Toll which is to be paid between Chester and Preston Brook, because the Meal or Flour, when ground at the Chester Mills, is conveyed from thence to Preston Brook in one.and the same Day, whereas the Corn brought to the Petitioner’s Mills cannot be ground, and the Meal or Flour conveyed to Preston Brook, in one and the same Day; and that there are several other Parts of the said Bill which will affect the Petitioner and others, Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood of the said intended Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying That be may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him and others as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be beard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Land Oxford between Banbury and Oxford, through which the Ox- c*"dL ford Canal is intended to be cut, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend, and render effectual. Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, fdr making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford’, and Setting forth. That there is a Clause in the said Bill which is intended to prevent all Persons from navigating, using, or employing any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel on any Part of the said intended Caned, between the Town of Banbury and the City of Oxford, without the Consent of the Company of Proprietors, under their Common Seal, until the Whole of the said Canal shall be made and compleated, agreeable to the Directions of the said Acts, and also, another Clause, dating, That the Consideration to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors for any Lands which shall hereafter be set out, ascertained, or made use ofj by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be either by an Annual Rent, or a Sum of Money in grofe, at the Election of the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal; and that, if the said Bill, with such Clauses, should pase into a Law, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners, insomuch that (hey would be prevented from using such Part of the said Canal which will be cut between Banbury and Oxford, for catrying Manure to their respective Farms, through which the said Canal shall pase, and for other beneficial Purposes, until the Whole of the said Canal shall be compleated, for which there, is no Time specified in the said Bill, and the Right which the Petitioners now have secured to them by the said Statute of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, of electing an Annual or Grofe Sum for their Lands to be cut, will be taken away, and transferred to the said Company of Proprietors: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Clauses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said

Bill

Jr *

Birftall, &c. Read.

Spirits

seized.

Bawtry

B ridge, &c. Roads,

Ditto.

26 Geo. III. 30a Martii. 4.61

Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time)' in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. .

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

whom the t Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pnt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Arrack and Rum, and all Home-, made, Foreign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits, of what Kind soever, which have been seized and condemned since the puffing of the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty.

And then hs withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to " Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North

" Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt

Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to " Pilford Bridge, and from the Great Road near Bishop

" Bridge, to Bishop Norton Common, and from the

" Hamlet of Morton to E and from Haxey " Field to the Trent, at Ferry, in the said

" County of Lincoln," as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of " tingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and " from North Willingham to the North End of the " Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West " Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the Great Road

" near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and

Vo l. 41.

" from the Hamlet of Morion to Epworth, and from " Haxey Field to the Trent, at Kimald Ferry, in the " said County of Lincoln," as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Tead a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Navy Half Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, directed to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 2 2d of April 1773, relative to the Half Pay -of the Navy.

The House being informed that Mr. Moreton, from Papers the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented A^ttirs"dm to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Profits arising to the Company from Opium in Bengal, from the Acquisition of The Dewannee to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Profits arising to the Company from Salt, from the Acquisition of The Dewannee to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Net Territorial Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, from the 30th of.

April 1771 to the ift of May >772, and from the 30th of April 1784 to the ift of May 1785: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Supplies sent from Bengal to the several Prefulencics in India, and to China, in Money, Goods, or Provisions, and of the Bills drawn upon Bengal by the several Presidoncies, from the ift of January 1778 to the Date of the latest Advices from Bengal: And also,

N° 5. Copies of all Ccrrespondence relative to the Ranna of Gohud, not included in the Reports of the

Committee of Secrecy, or in the Papers presented to this House on the 20th Instant: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from John Murray, Esquire, Commissary General at Fort William, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 8th February 1784, together with a Poftcript to the said Letter, dated 12th February 1784: And also,

N° 7. Copy of the Minutes of the Court of Directors, conveying their unanimous Thanks to Mr. Hastings, on the 28th of June 1785: And also,

N° 8. Information in Obedience to the 2d, 3d, and 4th Orders of the House, of the 24th Instant.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the ift,

2d, 3d, 4th, 5th and 7th of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The- said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into England, from Christmas 1696 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing the Quantity and Species of Wine imported in each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into England, from Christmas 1696 to Christmas 1785;

6 B . distinguishing

Jteduftion of National

Debt.

300 Martii. . 1786.

distinguishing the Quantity and Species of Wine imported in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January Jatt, as recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million per Annum be granted to His Majesty, to be velted in Commissioners, and to Jbe by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and that the same be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Purpose of (ecu ring the said Annual Sum of One Million, every Perl'on in Great Britain, who shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, or any Dentrifice, or other Preparation for the Teeth, or any Pomatum, Hair Powder, or other Preparation for the Hair, shall Annually take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the same Purpose, where the Persons so uttering or vending such Wares, or Articles, shall refulc within the Cities London and Westminster, or within the Distance of the Bills of Mortality, on every such Licence there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the same Purpose, where the Persons so uttering or vending such Wares, or Articles, shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged on every such Licence a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the same Purpose, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, that shall contain any Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, or any Dentrifice, or other Preparation for the Teeth, or any Pomatum, Hair Powder, or other Preparation for the Hair, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, in Great Britain, where the Price, or Value thereof, shall not exceed Eight Ponce, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Penny; and where the Price shall exceed Light Pence, and not exceed the Price of One Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Penny Half-penny; and where the Price shall exceed One Shilling, and shall not exceed the Price of Two Shillings and Sixpence, there, shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pence; and where the Price shall exceed Two Shillings and Six Pence, find he under the Price of Five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Doty of Six Pence; and where the Price shall be of the Value of Five Shillings, or upward, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, og

That the Rates now severally existing upon Battens and Deals do ceale and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the same Purpose, the Sum of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence for every Hundred Battens, containing Six Score, shall be the Rate according to which the several Duties heretofore^ payable on Battens shall, in future, be computed and paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, toward the same Purpose, the Sum of Five Pounds for every Hundred Deals, containing Six Score, shall be the Rate according to which, the several Duties heretofore payable on Deals shall, in future, be computed and paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rates and Duties granted and imposed, or which shall be payable upon Low Wines and Spirits, for Home Confomption, by any Act or Acts now in Force, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the same Purpose, a Duty of Six Pence be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort, or Wash, brewed or made lor extracting Spirits, for Home Confomption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the same Purpose, a Duty of Five Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash, or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the same Purpose, a Duty of Nine Pence be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort, or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses, or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the same Purpose, a Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Gallon of Walh composed of Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (excepting Melasses and Sugar) or any Mixture therew ith, for extracting Spirits for Home Confomption.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. kinson, the Malter of the Rolls, Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Gra-

ham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.' Rose,

Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the Hoddiffe, House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the &c. Road. Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Milituu Sevcnnight, the 7th Day of Apr next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Brita called England.

Ordered,

z6 Geo. III. 3°° — 31 463

Paper* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Harper to Aw-,- 4 the Honourable John Macpherson, Esquire, Governor

General of Bengal, dated the 20th of October, and of another Letter, dated the 25th of October 1785, relative to the State and Condition of the Province of and the Payment of the Balances due from the Nabob Vizier to the East India Company.

FJeQion* — -Disabling Persons ill Office.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for securing the ’Freedom of Elections of Members to serve iu Parliament, by disabling certain Officers and Persons employed in or under the several Officers, of Ordnance, Navy, Navy Pay, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt, from giving their Votes at such Elections, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j [Mr. Marsham, |Mr. Honeywoo }

Tellers for the Noes, \ iMr. Elliott, [Mr. Steele: j 117-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris31° die Martii;

Anno 26* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1786.

Praters.

Leave of RD'ERE D, That Mr. Attorney General have

Absence. V/ Leave to go the Chester Circuit

Coilifle Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the Honourable Eduard Norton, deceased.

NewtonWrit. Ordct'ed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton, in the County of Lancaster, in the rootn of Sir Thomas Davenport, deceased.

County of Cannarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to

the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kennen Bridge to Grygyncen Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from Pont y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's

House to join the last mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop, near Pont ar Dylas Turnpike Gate, to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gurreoach Turnpike Gate to Pompren and from Cefn Glasfryn to Pompren Penpwll, in the said.

County: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rushzcorlh have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Absence‘ Affairs.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord- Ltliribetf1 ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers See. Road*, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of , Newington,

Saint George, Southzcark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for widening certain Parts of the said lload, leading from Westminster Bridge towards Common; for amending, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Black-friars Bridge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital; and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street aforesaid,' into the said Blackfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road; for repairing the Road between the South Eud of Blackfriars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Patish of Christ Church; and for reducing all the Acts into One Act;: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newport

Writ.

Leave ol Abfeace.

Kidwelly, Ac. Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable Hugh Seymour Conway, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in ther County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Sir William Mantel presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from in the

Vol, 41.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papes, Raft India N* 8, which was Yesterday presented to the House by Paper to b* Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Com- Pnnted> pany, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Eicaion» — to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, County upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters Voter*, at County Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- stourbridg* unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and several Canal, other Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Works,

Lands, and Estates, lying between Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the City of rrcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the

Vy„

Stourbridge

Canal.

Papers respecting East India Affairs,

464 ' 31 0 Murtii. 1786.

the BUI for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such Bill, if passed into a Law, will, in many Respects, be very injurious to the Petitioners, and others having Properly near the Line of the said intended Canal: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Properly or Interest, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feein meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town and Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of , was also pre-

fented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That such Canal will go through Part of the Parish of and near

to the said Town, and the Distance by such intended Canal from Stourbridge, to the said Parish and Town, will be about Eleven or Twelve Miles, and to Digits double that Space; and that the Petitioners are informed the Rate of Tonnage on such Canal from Stourbridge aforesaid, to the said Parish and Town of Bromsgrove, is intended to be fixed at Two Pence per Mile, and from Stourbridge to , at only One

Penny per Mile; and the Petitioners cannot but conceive the said Rates of Tonnage to be unequal, partial, and unjust, immediately burthensome to them, a-nd calculated only for the avowed Purpose of benefiting the Subscribers to such Canal at the Petitioners Expence: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass such Bill into a Law, without an equal Regulation of Tonnage, to be paid at the different Places through which such Canal is to pass, being made, according to their respective Distances; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, touching the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to w horn the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Harper to the Honourable John Macpherson, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, dated the 20th of September, and of another Letter, dated the 25th of October 1785, relative to the State and Condition of the Province of Oude, and the Payment of the Balances due from the Nabob Vizier to the East India Company: And also,

N° 2. Extra© s of such Parts of the Dispatches from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, as shew their Disapprobation of the Conduct of Mr. Hastings, or any Part thereof, from the lft of January 1775, inclusive, to the latest Period.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of divers Adventurers in the Western British Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 'lurU,t forth, That the Fishery on the Western Coasts of Dor*- *‘lhtry" set, Devon, and CormcaU, is a very considerable Nursery

for Seamen, and for that Reason, as they apprehend, entitled to the Protection of Parliament; and that the Petitioners being informed that there is a Bounty about to be given upon Turbots brought into the Port of London only, beg Leave to remonstrate against it, as operating partially, and tending to give an Advantage to the London Dealers, to the Detriment of the Petitioners; and that the Western Fishery is carried on without Intermission during the whole Year, but the greatest Quantity of Fish is lent to the London Market in Winter, whereas they apprehend the proposed Bounty to be given only during the Summer; and, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe further, that they are obliged to convey their Fish to the London, Bath, and Markets, at a very great Expence, by Land Carriage:

And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and extend the proposed Bounty in such a Manner as will enable them to carry their Fish to Market upon equal Terms with the London Dealers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Mar?ate unto subscribed, forming a Committee appointed at a Playhouse. Meeting of several respectable Inhabitants of the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, on the Behalf of the said Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heard, that Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, granting a Patent or Licence to Thomas Robson and Charles Mate, to build and establish a Theatre for Dramatic Exhibitions in the said Town; and that the Petitioners, observing the growing Diffipa-tion and Licentiousness which daily spread and extend their baneful Effects among the Inhabitants at large, most of w'hom are Mariners, Artificers, and others dependent on their Labours, are apprehensive that such a Grant will be very pernicious in its Consequences, as it will have a Tendency to render them less active in their Occupations, and more relaxed in their Morals; and that the Parochial Rates and Taxes are at present very high, and considered by the Petitioners as a heavy, though necessary, Burthen, and the Introduction of a Number of indigent Strangers, who may gain a Settlement in, and become chargeable to, the Parish, must naturally tend to swell the Lift of the Poor, and consequently add to the Weight of Taxes: And therefore praying, That the House will not grant the Prayer of the Petition for a Patent, and that, if necessary, the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Opposition to a Measure of so alarming a Tendency.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Severn Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, waspre- Navigation, fented to the House, and read; Setting lorth, That, by various Acts, passed in the present Reign, the Petitioners and others have made and completed Navigable Canals, of great Extent, to connect the Rivers Trent, Mersey, and Severn, and thereby to open Commercial Intercourses between the Ports of Hulli Liverpool, and Bristoll, and the interior Parts of

26 Geo. Mi. 31 0 Martiu46

Birfhdl, &c.

Hoad.

the Kingdom, but the Communication with the Port of Bristol is Hill imperfect, on Account of the many Shoals which obstruct the Navigation of the River Secern, and greatly impede Trade and Commerce; and that, the Petitioners observe, Application is making to the House for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the said River, between the great Iron Founderies at Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, and the deep Water at Digits, below Worcester, which will render complete the several Communications which the Petitioners have been long labouring to effect, will contribute to the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying to be beard, by their Counsel, in Support of the said Bill, and that the same may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstato the Turnpike Road

at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Filth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstallto the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. To An S do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

certain Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Orders for committing the said Bill be diichaiged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said BUI.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thompson;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bishopp’* veiling Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, E"ate" deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Sheffield enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Vlcar*g*-Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands, and otherwise improve the Estate, belonging to the said Vicarage; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve tile Estate, belonging to the said Vicarage, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Adjourn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the >Mut* House this Day, adjourn tiU Monday Morning next

W«ftbury Mr. Estwick reported from the Committee, to whom Owrfeer. ^he J}jll for the Appointment of an additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Wesibury, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Convidkm ftf Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Felons. Account of the several Persons convicted of Felonies on the several Circuits of England and Wales, in the Year 1785, and at the several Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held at the Old Bailey in the same Year; spedfying their several Offences, and the Sentences passed on such Felons respectively, and which of them, being capitally convicted, have been executed, reprieved, or pardoned, and in what Manner such of them as were sentenced to be transported have been since disposed of.

East India The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Poflessions. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend

Vol. 41.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishopp’s for veiling Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly!

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town of Facersham, in the County of Kent; and allb, the Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Town of Facersham, in the County of Kent, and the Neighbourhood thereof, on Behalf of themselves and others, Sufferers by the Explosion of a Part of the Royal Powder Works there, were severally referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Gilbert allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

6 C Resoked>

A

Scotch

Judge*

Stock of Court of 9e(non.

Scotch Judges Fees.

Commissaries

ofEdioburgh.

British

Turbot

Fishery.

Stourbridge

Canal.

466 51* Martii. — 3* Aprilis. A. 1786.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday for Chals on the River Secern will be very much Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the inereased, and the Country and the Petitioners labour whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted under great Inconvenience, unless they can obtain1 a to His Majesty. regular and constant Supply of that necessary Article;

and that, by Means of the said Canal, the Petitioners A Motion being made, That this House will, upon are fully convinced they shall have such regular Supply Wednesday Morning next; resolve itself into a Com- at a low Rate, and that their Merchandize will be committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper veyed much cheaper than at present, without experiencing Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the those Delays the Trade is now subject to, on Account

Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the of the Uncertainty of the Navigation of the River &wr*

Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and also, of a proper above And therefore praying, That the said

Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Bill may pase into a Law.

Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of O, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Edinburgh;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and Dwntotoa Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton, was read a Third Road#»&c-recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Time.

Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the be, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges,

Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and also, of a proper in the County of Dumbarton.

Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scot- Ordered, That Captain do carry the Bill to

land, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday The other Orders of the Day being read;

Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Gibraltar

whole House to consider of a proper Augmentation ot Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session Scotland; and also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges " and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh. " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an " Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department Account of the Amount of the Sums now remaining ip " at Gibraltar the Jike Bounty for destroying certain the Hands of the Judges of the Court of Session iri " Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers Scotland, called "The Stock of the Court;" with an " and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of Account of the several Charges thereupon. " War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to

n the Ehemy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ah Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Account of the Fees and Perquisites received by the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

rtufing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Fees and Perquisites received by the And then the House adjourned till Monday

Commissaries of Edinburgh. Morning next, Teh Of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Fiffipry, and for securing a Preference to British Stibjefts in the Importation of Lobsters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a CoihmittJee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SevOtt^ night, resolve itself into a Cominlttee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in for making a Navigable Canal from or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the River Secern at Diglis, near the City of Worcester; and that* when the Thames and Swem Canal shall be completed, which is now in great Forwardnefe, the DftMnd 01

Luna, 3* die Apr; Anno 26* Georgii 1II, B Regis, 1786.

Craters.

THE House being informed that Mr. CottreU, one Navy Half of the Clerks of the Privy Council, attended at *ay* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House. pursuant to their Order,

1 Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council relative to the Half-pay of the Navy, dated 22d April 1773.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Mundy feported from the Committee, to whom Erich,* the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Indofuro. mons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich and Soutkwingfield, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the

25th

Gc gte

.iL

26 Geo. III. 5& Aprilis. yS j

25th of Aptil 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad be the Witness was one) to investigate the same — Thai been complied with; and that the Committee had ex* toe First Application was made to the Committee by Sir amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fans Thomas now Lord Grey de on Behalf

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given of Mr. Borell and his Partner — That, on the lft of their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Coin- January 1784 the Committee met to take the Matter mittee (except the Proprietors of 168 Acres, who would into Consideration, and to return Thanks to Sir Thomas not consent; and also, of 29 Acres, who could not be Egerton for his Letters, and to acquaint him that the met with; and that the Whole of the Property iote- Dyeing of Turkey Bed on Cotton would be of great rested consists of 3,302 Acres; and that no Person ap- Service to this Country — That the Witness being ill he peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and did not attend that Meeting, but was prefect at all the

that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made subsequent Meetings of the Committee,

several Amendments thereunto which they bad directed That Messrs. Borell, in the Winter of 1784, came him to report to the House; and he read the Report down to Manchester, and dyed the Colour themselves in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the at a Dye House near Manchester, the Samples of which Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the -were produced to the said Committee, at a Meeting on Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a the 11th of 1785 — That Messrs. Borell after-

Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question wards attended the fold Committee, and went through severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. every Operation of preparing and dyeing Cotton of the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be above Colour, both in the Hank and the Piece, and

ingroded. explained to the said Committee the Nature of the whole

Process, shewing the Committee every Ingredient that The Clink A Petition of several Inhabitants within the Clink, or was used.

Paving, Itc. Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, and Borough of South- Messrs. Borell having dyed the Colour under the In-

xcark, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, and County of speftion of the Committee, and explained the Process Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting to them, the Committee themselves afterwards, without forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House the Adiftance of either of the Meti’rs. s, and with-for a Bill to pave, cleanse, light, and watch the said -out their being by, went through the whole Process, and Clink Liberty, and for widening Fryingpan Alley, and dyed the Colour both in the Hank and the Piece — That other Purposes; and Alleging, that a Lane within the the Materials for this Experiment were all provided by feid Parish, called Foul Lane, is a very public Thorough- Mr. Philips, one of the said Committee, and were in fere, the principal and shortest Carriage Way from the his Custody till they were produced by him at the Time High Street to the Market, the Church, and to die of making the said Experiment by the Committee (hem-interior Parts of the Parish, but so narrow as to occasion (elves — That the Colour dyed by the Committee was numerous Stoppages every Day, both in the Lane and equally as good as that dyed by Messrs. Borell — That in the High Street, and great Inconvenience and Danger the said Committee were fully satisfied that Messrs. to Foot Passengers, and, in order to make it sese and Borell had disclosed to them the Whole of their Process commodious, it will be necessary to take down all the of dyeing the Turkey Red, both in the Hank and the Houses and Buildings on the South Side of the (kid Piece — That he, the Witness, is sure that he could at Lane, together with those in Kirby Court, which are all any Time, and without Adiftance from Messrs. Borell, at present in a ruinous State, and also, Two Houses in dye the same Colour, and that any experienced Dyer the High Street; and that it would be of public Con* might, by having the like Communication of the Process venience, if a new Street was laid out and made, from made to him, be enabled to dye the Cotton and Cotton toe North End of Great Bandy Leg Walk, to the Place Yarn as completely and perfectly as either Messrs. Borell, called Bankside, in toe said Clmk Liberty: And therefore -or him, toe Witness — That the (kid Committee not chusing praying, That Provision may be made fat the above to give any Recommendation of the Dye, until they had Purposes, in the Bill prayed for by the before mentioned tried the Effeflt that Bleaching would have upon it, they Petition. -caused Samples of the Dye in the Yarn and in the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Piece to be bleached, which were inspected by the Com-Coosideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* mittee, at a Meeting on the 4th of 1785; and

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it toe Committee, with a View of obtaining toe fullest shall appear to them, to the House: Satisfafition of the Colour being permanent, they at a

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Horn- Meeting on the 3d of May directed a Second Bleaching son, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, to be made of those Samples, which being done, another at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Meeting was held, on the 25th of May, to inspect them have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records after such Second Bleaching, and the Committee being

fully satisfied of the Permanency of the Dye, and of the Borell’s Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom great Use the Discovery thereof would be to the Public,

hying the Petition of Louis Borell, on. Behalf of himself and they did, on the 26th of May, sign a Memorial (taring

Invention, partner Abraham Henry Borell, was referred; That the the same to the Lords of the Treasury, which was font

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Per up to and presented to the Treasury by Mr.

tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Blackbume (as he has been informed) feme Time about

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report the Beginning of

in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s That the First Experiment of the Process was made Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; in Winter, and be does not apprehend it to be liable viz. to more Inconvenience than any other Dye in Winter

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James — That the Experiments succeeded equally well in the

Touchet, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Pe- Hank and the Piece — -That he thinks (he Process very

titioner, Mr. Louis Borell, on Behalf of hhnself and his easy and certain, though perhaps tedious, but by no Partner Mr. Abraham Henry Borell, having submitted Means so as in any Degree to diminish its Value and the Discovery of the Method of dyeing the Colour called Importance to the Public — That the Colour upon all Turkey Red, upon Cotton in Hanks and in the Piece, Piece Goods is fixed after the Piece is . made — That to the Chamber of Commerce in Manchester, the Cham* the Dyeing, according to Meflhs. Process, does

ber appointed a Committee of Three Perl'ons (of whom not, as he believes, entangle the fine Cotton in the Vol. 41. Skein

Borcll’i

Dyeiag

Invention*

468

3® Aprilis.

A. 178

Skain more than any other Dye, if proper Attention is paid to it; and that he is satisfied the Operation is of such a Nature as not to injure the Cotton — That the Colour dyed by Messrs. Borell has been much wanted in this Kingdom for a great Number of Years, and would be of great Importance to this Country; in Lancashire particularly this Colour is very much wanted.

That be has no Doubt but that when Meflfo. Borell first applied to the Chamber of Commerce* they were as capable of communicating a perfect Process, as when they afterwards disclosed it to the said Committee; and he is satisfied, that they might have established themselves in the Business of Dyeing upon their own Account, with a Prospect of Success, at the Time that they offered to make the Process public — That he apprehends considerable Advantage will arise to the Manufacturers of this Country from dyeing this Colour, because they never had any Red'Colour before that made by Messrs. Borell, that was permanent, inso much, that before Messrs. Borell communicated their Dye to the said Committee, he is of Opinion that a Piece of manufactured Cotton could ' not be produced in this Kingdom of a Colour equally good and durable.

That before Messrs. Borell came to England, the Turkey Red, was not, as he believes, dyed in Great Britain, and that he does not know that any other Person in acquainted with Messrs. Bos Dye, except the Committee before mentioned — That he never knew of any Goods of this Colour dyed in the Piece, before Messrs.

Borelfs, that were permanent.

That he is satisfied that the Expence of dyeing, according to Messrs. Borelfs Process, is not so great as to prove an Obstacle to the general Use of it — That he apprehends the Cost in Materials, exclusive of Labour, of dyeing One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton in the Skain, according to Messrs. Process, at the

present Price of the Materials, would not exceed Eight Pounds Sterling.

That Messrs. Borell had not stipulated for any Reward for the Discovery of their Process to the Committee, and that they had no Reward from them — That he is of Opinion that Messrs. Borell merited and were entitled to a Reward or Gratuity at the Time they offered to make their Process public, if they afterwards fulfilled their Engagement, which they did.

That Messrs. Borelfs Process was communicated to the Committee in Secrecy — that if it was publicly known, it would be of great Service; but that he certainly does not consider himself at Liberty to dye the Turkey Red according to that Process, unless Messrs. Borell consent thereto, or are induced to disclofe the Secret to the Public.

That he has heard the French have a greet Trade in Goods wherein this Colour is used, but that he apprehends they could not cope with us in the Article of Piece Goods, were the Public in Possession of this Secret.

That the Cotton Manufactures in France, Switzerland, and India, are very much superior in their Colours to those of this Country, which he attributes entirely to their being in Possession of the Method of dyeing the Turkey Red.

The Witness being asked, If he has heard any thing of a Mr. PapiUon?he said, On the 21st of

1785, he had, as it afterwards appeared, applied by Letter to Mr. Ptulips, One. of the Committee, under the Name of Cigale, offering to difelofe a Method of dyeing the Turkey Red, and inclosing a Sample of Cotton of that Colour — That Mr. Philips, One of the Committee, was desired by the Committee to write an Answer, signifying to Mr. Cigale that Messrs. Borell had some Time before dyed the same Colour in that Town — That Mr. Philips afterwards informed the Witness, that Mr. Cigale or PapiUon called on him at Manchester, and that he repeated the same Answer — That he, the Witness, has

seen some Samples of Cdtton said to be dyed by Mr.

Cigale or Papillon, and has no Reason to doubt of the Durability of the Colour.

Then it being represented to the Witness, That Messrs.

Borell having in January 1784, by the Means of Lord Grey de Wilton, offered to the Gentlemen at Manchester to difelofe their Method of dyeing the Turkey Red, he was asked, Why the Business was not proceeded in till the latter End of the Year? to which he laid. The Committee met on the 29th of January 1784, and ordered their Secretary to write to Messrs. Borelfs Agent, with many Questions respecting the Dye, which he neglected to do; nor did the Committee know of his Neglect, till a Letter of the 7th of June 1784 was put into their Hands, written by Mr. Messrs.

Borelfs Agent. — Mr. Philips, the Chairman of the Committee, answered this the 12th of June 1784, urging for every Information which was necessary to justify their Recommendation of the Dye to the Lords of the Treasury — and that Mr. Philips also wrote further Letters on this Subject June 29th and October 2d, 1784.

Then Your Committee called before them the Petitioner, Louis Borell, who informed them that he came to England the latter End of the Year 1781, to make Proposals for disclosing to the Public his Method of dyeing the Turkey Red — That immediately on his Arrival, foe made Application, and presented a Plan to Mr.

William Morton Pitt, a Member of this House — And being asked, Why nothing was done in it till the Year 1784? he said, Mr. Moi’ton Pitt, who was his only Friend, being abroad, he did not think it advisable to do any Thing in it till he should return, he not being expected to stay so long as he did.

The said Member informed the Committee, That in the Spring of 1782 he received a Letter from Mr.

Crusaz, inclosing a Sample of Red Cotton, stated to be the Turkey Red; he befog soon to go out of Town neglected taking any Steps in this Affair, not having any Idea at that Time of the Importance of the Discovery, and supposing the Application to have been made to him in common with other Members of Parliament- — In the Autumn of 1783, Mr. Crusaz again applied to him; be was then ill, and about leaving England on Account of his Health, which he did in November 1783. Before he went Abroad, he recommended this Matter to Sir Thomas Egerton, now Lord Grey de Wilton, supposing him, as the then Representative of the County of Lancaster, to be the properest Person to undertake this Business; and when he returned from Abroad, he was informed by Mr. jBorell, that by reason of the Diffo-lution of Parliament, and other Causes, few if any Steps had been taken during his Absence; he then took the first Opportunity of mentioning Mr. Borelfs Affair to Mr. Rose.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Com- Methlej mon Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and lDcI°rure* Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Dclaoal, Sir Michael leFleming, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, so the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Severn Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are apprized, that a Petition is now before Parliament, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the effectual Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn, from Coalbrook Dale downwards,

which

*6 Geo. III. 30 Aprilis. 469

which the Petitioners consider of the utmost Importance to the Manufactures and Trade of this Kingdom, as it will open an easy and regular Water Conveyance from the large Founderies, Coal Mines, and Manufactories in the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, &c. to all the Sea Ports and Inland Parts of the Kingdom, at a much less Expence, and with greater Expedition, than has hitherto subsisted: And therefore praying, that the Bill for improving the said River may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render effectual Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Land between Banbury and Oaford, through which the Oxford Canal is n"ended to be cut, whole Names are thereunto lub-scribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were One read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coffee imported into, and exported from, England, plantation from the 5th of January 1775 to the 5th of January Coflee. 1786; distinguishing each Year, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum Rum and and Sugar into and from that Part of Great Britain Sugar, called England, for the Year ending at Christmas 1785, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon:

And also,

An Account of all Grain and Corn imported into Com and that Part of Great Britain called England, from - Grain. mas 176410 Christinas 1771, and from Christmas 178! to Christmas 1785; distirtguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all British Grain and Corn exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1771, and from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year:

And also.

An Account of the Bounties paid on the Greenland Greenland . Whale Fishery, from the Time of their first being an(i Southern granted; distinguishingeach Year: And also, Iilhenea.

An Account of the Bounties which have been paid to the Yellels fitted out for the Southern Whale Fishery, under the Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and under another Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Banks have I-eave to Itay in the Leave of Country lor a Fortnight, on his private Affairs. Absence.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, from the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road leading from to Chesterfield,

at or near Heage, through A to Tibshelf, in the said County, and from Alfreton through the Town of Shir land, to join the said Turnpike Road from Dujfield to Chesterfield, at or near in the said

County of Derby', and that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the Petitioners, who are Owners and Occupiers of considerable Estates, adjoining or lying near to the Line of the said intended Roads, will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, again!! the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Lodge,

to Stretton, in the same County, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel; against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House bang informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Vol. 41.

Ordered, that such a Number of Copies of the Pa- East India per, N" 6, which was presented to the House upon I>aPe,st0 Thursday last, b^ Mr. Morton, from the Directors of pnnle the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of lo Bawtry much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of ?rul£c' &c> His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, .08 *

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to " Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North

" Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt

" Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the great Road near Bishop

" Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the " Hamlet of Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey " Field to The Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the said " County of Lincoln," as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harrison, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Raveley Open Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Inclosur* Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord 1Hitching brook, Mr. Harrison, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. William Selzvyn, from the Select Committee, Naim who were appointed to try and determine the Merits E,etho"*

6 D of

470 3 ° Apfilis.1786.

of the Petition of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Charles Gordon, Writer to the Signet, Robert Donaldson, Writer to the Signet, William , of NeunnUn, Major Alexander Donaldson, late of the Se-venty-sixth Regiment of Foot, Robert Gumming, of Logie, and John Rose, of Holm, Etquires, Freeholders of the County of Naim, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, complaining of an undue Electioa and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Alexander Rrodie, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Naim.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sandwich, Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the

Arc. Small Rill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small

e ts' Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and

Vill of Ranisgate, and the Parishes of Minster., Saint Lawrence, Walmer, Ash, Staple, Good-neston, Chillenden, Nomtingt Woodnesborough otherwise

Winsborow, Eythome, Wotherwise Worth, , Preston, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined' the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Iloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ffiverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hawker* and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and

Pedlar*. Inhabitants of the County of Westmoreland, and oif such Parts of the Counties of Lancastei', an4;

Cumberland, as adjoin or lay near thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years past, been accustomed to deal with the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars travelling from Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, by whom they have been supplied with Linen, Cotton, and Silk Goods, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, at reasonable Prices, and, such Goods being brought by the Hawkers and Pedlars to the Petitioners Houses, they had a considerable Saving the reby, in not being obliged to travel for the Purchase thereof to Market Towns, from which many of the Petitioners are very remote; and that the said Hawkers and Pedlars, from their frugal Manner of living, and great Industry, have been hitherto able to fell Goods to the Petitioners at Prices as low or lower than they( could have procured the same from the resident Shopkeepers, inde|>endent of the Expence and Loss of Timp which the Petitioners must necessarily have sustained in being obliged to travel to Market Towns; and that the Petitioners have always experienced the said Hawkers and Pedlars to be Men of honest and fair Dealing, and the Suppression of Hawking and Pcdling would be attended with the moll mischievous Consequences to the Petitioners, and the Country in which they live, because thereby the greatest Check to Smuggling would be removed, and a Kind of Goods introduced manufactured or imported for the Purpose of impoling upon and deceiving the Unwary, by a Set of Men, who, having nothing to lose, would use every Effort to carry on an illicit Trade in all the remote Parts of the Gountry, especially such as are near the Coast, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of those Countries, and foe Decrease of foe Revenue: And therefore praying foe House 01

to remove the Restrictions imposed upon the said Ilawk-ers and Pedlars by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers,

Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Newfound Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried p^jjeriefc on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in,

and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of foe whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon foe said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fol* East India lowing Papers, which were presented to the House upon *

foe 2d and 13th Days of March lait, by Mr. Morton, pnnt from foe United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

Mr. Hastings's Minute of 7th December 1784; and also. Minutes of Meilieurs Macpherson and Stables, of 7th and nth December 1784, and Mr.

Hastings's Minute of n th December; and also,

Mr. Hastings's Minute of 8th December, 17S4; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations,

19th February 1785 — contained in N" 1, presented 2d March.

Copy of Proceedings, <§c. relative to Allowances made from the Revenues of Oude to the Company’s Servants and others residing within the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier — being N* 4, presented 2d March.

Extract of Letter from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council, dated 1 oth March 1785, permitting Mr. Hastings to resign foe Government of Bengal — being N° 8, presented 2d March.

Letter from Mr. Hastings to the Court of Directors, dated Benares, lit October 1784 — contained in N* 2, Vol. VI. presented 13th March.

Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 13 th January 1785; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, 14th January 1785; and also,

Extract- of Bengal Secret Confutations, 8th March 1785; and also, Extract of Company’s Letter to Bengal, dated 11 th April 1785; and also, Letters from Mr. Macpherson to the Nabob Vizier, Hyder Beg Khdn, <^c. arid Khdn, dated i6fo June 1785; and also, Extract of Court’s Letter to Bengal, dated1 21st September 1785 — contained in N* 2, Vol. VII. presented 13th March.

Extract of Bengal Secret Coufultations, 28th August 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confutations, 22d Septetnber >783; and also,

Extract of Bengal Secret Cohfultations, 13th October 1783; and also, Extract of General Letter from Bengal, dated 20th October 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Confuia-tions, 21st October 1783; and also, Extract of the Secret Letter from Bengal, dated 25th November 1783'; and also, Letter from- the Nabob Vizier, received 6th November 1783; and also,

Extract- of Bengal Secret Confutations, 25th November 1783; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Conciliations, 16th December 1783 — contained in N* 6, presented 13th March.

I - Mr.

Civil List Accounts.

VJfaL

16 Geo. III.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account shewing the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Uses of His Majesty’s Gvil Government, on the 5th Day of Jan 1785; the Monies arisen and applicable to the fame, between the said 5th Day of January 1785 and the 5th Day of January 1786, with the Amotmt of the Demands unpaid on the 5th of January 1785, and of the Charge for the Year ended the 5th January 1786 (as near as the same can be ascertaioed); the Payments in the (hid Year, ended the 5th of January 1786; the Amount

47*

of the Demands unsatisfied, and the Money remaining and applicable towards discharging the fahie, &c.; and an Account of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, due and unpaid on the 5th Day of January 178$, with the Money applicable towards the Discharge of the fame.

And the Title of the said Account was r^ad.

The said Account is hs felloweth;

r

Vo 1. 41.

As

Ax ACCOMPT, Shewing the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5th January 1785; the Monies arisen and applicable to the fame, 'between the said 5U1 of January 1785 and the 5th of January 1786, with the Amount of the Demands unpaid on the 5th of January 1785, and of the Charge for the Year ended the 5th January 1786 (as near as (the same can be ascertained); the Payments made in the Year ended the 5th January 1786, the Amount of the Demands unsatisfied, and the Monies remaining and applicable towards discharging the fame, &c.

O

CQ

r+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

£. 1. d.

199.348 9 H

900,000-----

a 1,99a 8 3

Dr.

To same remaining in the Exchequer the 5th January 1785 -

To Ditto, granted out of the Aggregate Fund, for His Majesty’s Civil Government, by Acts i° and 17* Georgii 3 u, for One Year, ended the 5th January 1786 -

To so much of the Sum of 69,060/. 14 s. granted out of the Supplies Anno 1785, to replace sundry Payments out of the Civil List Monies pursuant to Addresses for American Sufferers, Ac. as was applied for those Purposes before 5th of January 1785 -

To Impfeft and other Monies paid into the Exchequer, on Account of the Civil List, by the following Persons; viz1.

Imjpreft Money, repaid by the Earl of Hertford, late Lord £. *. d.

Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household ... 1,100 — —

Ditto, by Lord Charles Spencor, late Treasurer of the

Chamber - 1,000----

Ditto, by Lady Greenwich, Administratrix of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, late Treasurer of the Chamber - 4,000 — —

Ditto, by the Officers of the Board of Green Cloth - - 287 15 2J

Money paid into the Exchequer, by Tho* Cotton, Esquire, which was received by him from the suppressed Offices .....- 3,500 — —

D#, by Abraham Newland, Esquire, on Account of David Parry, Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes - r2>500 15 5

D°, by Edward Roberts, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Pells, the Surplus of Exchequer Fees - 122 8 10

12.510 19 5$

i>! 33>85i 17 4i

Balance is the Deficiency, as per Contra, On the 5th of January 1786 30,335 3 7

£. 1,164,187 — lij

Per Contra

V.

Memo.

D

A further Sum, of fotnewhat more than Five thousand Pounds, arising from Pensions, payable at the Exchequer, heretofore paid by the Paymaster of Pennons, remains in the Hands of the Tellers of the Exchequer, but is not here brought to Accompt, the same being subject to a Question, Whether the Officers there have a Right to retain a Part thereof to their own Use.

By Payments in the Year ended the 5th January 1786; viz*.

On

ill Class. To the Royal Family -

2d - To the Loid Chancellor, Judges, et al.

3d - - To Ministers resident at Foreign ’Courts -4th - - For the approved Bills of His Majesty’s Tradesmen, Artificers. Ac. -

5th - - To His Majesty’s Menial Servants -

6th - - For Pensions -

7th - - For Fees and Salaries -

8th - - To the Lords of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

For occasional Payments -

To cancel Exchequer Bills, made out for the Service of the Civil Government ....

Total of the Payments in the above Period -Which, being deduced from the above Charge, will shew the Amount of the Demands unsatisfied on the 5th January 1786....

In Part of

215.715*- 5*- 2id.

the Amount of the Demand unpaid on the 5th January

1785*

£. f. d.

30,000-----

8,417 10 — 20,917 12 4$

46,668 — 6i 23,47 13 10 34.5^5 18 6J 23,758 11 ni

3,455 10 — 7,396 12 8£

12,500-----

211,150 9 u£

4,564 15 3i

215,715 5 2$

Towards the Payment of which 279,278/. 171. 6d. there remained in the Exchequer

ou the 5th January 1786; viz*.

Of the Civil List Revenues -

Contributions to Lottery 1785 -

/Lord Charles Spencer - -

Imprest Money I Lady Greenwich -

repaid by iLady Dynevor -

LTbe Officers of the Board of Green Cloth - -

Money paid by Thomas Cotton, of lupprefied Offices -D° paid by Abf" Newland, on Account of David Parry, Esquire -

American Sufferers, Aca. when made good by Parliament

In Part of 948,471/. 15#. gd. the Amount of the Charge of the Civil List, for the Year ended the 5th January 1786.

£ *. d.

162,000-----

24,637 10 —

52,032 2 9

88,382 13 9 66,659 11 54

73,h8 13 84 28,111 5 7

3,455 10 — 137,860 6 si

37,500 -

673,75713 64

274,714 2 2 i

948,471 15 9

Total paid in Part of said 2i5,7i5*- 5*- 2id. and

948,471/. 15#. gd. making together 1,164,187/. 01.11%d.

£. 1. d.

192,000 — —

33,055 -

72,949 15 i4

135,050 14 3f 90,130 5 3t 107,684 12 3 51,869 17 64

o

6,911 ——

145^56 19 —

50,000---- sS

5*.

884,908 3 5} $5*

279,278 17 6

1,164,187 — n|

£. *. d.

171,899 13 9i

0,98a 18 3.

1.000 -

4.000 — —

3,127 15 087 15

744 5 976 10

Deficiency on the 5th January 1786

t. i.

for OO O 00 »7 0

- 63,924 16 0

248,943 13 11

30,335 3 7

£. 279,278 17 6

00

On

a6 Geo. IIL

473

3° Aprilis.

An ACCOMPT of the Debt of His Majesty s Civil list, due and unpaid on the 5th January 1786, with the Money applicable towards the Discharge of the fame.

Civil List.

FIRST CLASS:

Royal Family. £ * d.

To the Queen - -- --To the Prince of Wales - - - - -To Prince Frederick, fVHUam, Edward, Earnest, Augustus, and Adolphus To the Duke of Cumberland - -- -- - One Quarter Ditto -Ditto -Ditto - 12.500 12.500 2,750 2,250

£ 30,000

SECOND CLASS:

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lord Commissioners of the Great Seal, Speaker of the House of Commons, Judges of England, and Justices of Chester and Wales.

To the Lord Chancellor ---- - One Quarter

To the Speaker of the House of Commons ----- Ditto

To the Judges of England, Michaelmas Term, 1785 -

To the Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Trinity and Michaelmas Terms, 1785 -

To Five other Justices of Wales, Michaelmas Term, 1785 -

To the Justices of Chester - - Ditto-

Majesty, on 100l. One Quarter Half a Year One Quarter Half a Year

THIRD CLASS:

Ministers resident at Foreign Courts.

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Most Christian a Week - -

Ditto for his extra Disbursements -

Secretary to said Embassy -

Ditto for extra Disbursements -

Plenipotentiary to his said Majesty, on 3/. a Day, 167 Days, from 10th July 1785 to 23d December following -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, ou 10/. a Day, 28 Days, from 9th December 1785 ——

Ditto for his extraordinary Disbursements ---- Ditto

Commissary to his said Majesty, on 3/. a Day ----- One Quarter

Secretary to Ditto, on 2 /. a Day ----- Ditto

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Catholic Majesty,

on 100l. a Week - -- Ditto

Ditto for the extra Disbursements - - - - _ Half a Year

Secretary to said Embassy for Ditto - - - - Ditto

Ditto, on 2 /. a Day - -- One Quarter

One other Secretary to said Embassy -

Plenipotentiary to his said Majesty, on 3 /. a Day - -

Commissary to his said Majesty, on 5/. a Day -

Secretary to Ditto ——

Ambassador Extraordinary to the States General of Holland, on 10/. a Day -

Ditto for his extra Disbursements -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Most Faithful Majesty, for Ditto ——

Ditto, on 8 /. a Day ——

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Naples, on 8 /. a Day Ditto for his Extra Disbursements -

Ditto at Florence, Ordinary and Extraordinary -

Ditto at Vienna ----- Ditto -

Ditto at St. Petersburgh - - - Ditto -

Ditto at Berlin, on 8 /. a Day -

Vol. 41. 6 E

One Quarter i -i -

One Quarter Half a Year

Ditto

One Quarter One Quarter Half a Year Ditto Ditto Ditto

One Quarter

1,250 — —

435 -

5,625----

200-----

500 -

307 to —

8,317 10 —

1,24a 17 if

800----

174----

200 — —

501----

280----

128 14 8

261----

174----

1,242 17 1

800 — —

200----

174----

374 -

261----

435 -

87----

870----

800----

150----

696----

696----

200----

896----

996----

996----

696 — — Envoy

474

Civil List.

3° April.

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Berlin, for his extra Disbursements, from 3d August 178.5 to 5th of January 1786, 69 Days and One Quarter -Late Envoy Extraordinary at Berlin, for Ditto, to 14th July 1785- -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Copenhagen, on 8/. a Day - One Quarter -Ditto for his extra Disbursements - - - Half a Year

Ambassador at Constantinople, on 3/. a Day - One Quarter -

Minister at Venice, on 3/. a Day ----- Ditto

Ditto for his extra Disbursements ----- Half a Year

Charge des Affaires at Bern - - , - - - - One Quarter -

Envoy Extraordinary at Turin, on 5/. a Day ----- Ditto

Ditto for his extra Disbursements ----- Half a Year -

Ditto at Stockholpi, Ordinary and Extraordinary.....Ditto

Ditto at Drjsfden - - - Ditto - - - . - - - - Ditto

Ditto at Brussels - - - Ditto ----- Ditto

Minister at Warsaw, on 3/. a Day, Half a Year and 14 Days, from 22d

June 1785 - - - *

Ditto for his extraordinary Disbursements - - -' - . - Ditto

Minister at the Hans Towns, on 3 /. a Day ---- One Quarter -

Ditto for his extraordinary Disbursements ---- Half a Year

Ditto at Ratilbon, Ordinary and Extraordinary ----- Ditto

Ditto at Cologn - - - Ditto ----- Ditto

Ditto to the Landgrave of Hesse, on 400l. per Annum, 66 Days, 1 Year

and 3 Quarters, from 5th February 1784 -

Conl'ul at Madrid - - - One Quarter -

Ditto at Corunna -

Ditto at Cadiz -

Ditto at Majorca -

Ditto at Carthagena -

Ditto at Naples -

Ditto at Genoa

Ditto at Trieste - -

Ditto at Ostend -

Vice Consul at Nice -

Deputy Conservator at Campveer

Consul General to the Emperor of Morocco

Consul at Algiers -

Ditto for extraordinary Disbursements -

Ditto at Tunis -

Ditto at Tripoli -

Ditto for extra Disbursements

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- One Year and Half

- One Quarter -

- Ditto

19 Days and 1 Quarter

Ditto at Grand Cairo, 28 Days and 1 Quarter, from the 12th September 1785 Ditto America - - - One Quarter

A\ 178 5.

£ d.

169 4 —

9 18 —

696-----

200-----

261-----

261----

200 — —

62 10 —

435 -

200 — —

635-----

635-----

635 -

594 -

215 7 9

261-----

150-----

411-----

411-----

765 18 8

250'----

62 \Qr —

50-----

50-----

75-----

100-----

62 10 — 30----

50-----

85-----

30-----

200 — — 150-----

728 7 3

125-----

95

74 16 7 112 15 H

250-----

24,120 6 3i

FOURTH CLASS.

The Approved Bills of His Majesty’s Tradesmen, Artificers, 8$c.

In the Qfijce of the Lord Steward -

Lord Chamberlain Master of the Horse -.Master of the Robes -To the Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer -- - D° - of the Court of Exchequer -For Extraordinary Expences for the Young Princes To Messrs. Eyre and Strachan for Printing -

Mr. Bloxham - - - - for Stationary Ware

12,923 5 9

- 13,292 11 3

- 3,789 9 3

- 528 2 8

- 8,726 5 8i

563 5 6

- 2,946 6 6

8,795 11 1

- 609 11 3

L 52,174 8 ni

FIFTH CLASS. His Majesty’s Menial Servants.

To the Lord Steward -For Salaries in his Office -To the Lord Chamberlain-For Salaries in his Office -

- D* in the Office of the Master of the Horse -

- D# in the Office of the Master of the Robes -

- Groom of the Stole....

385 —

6,659 17 5

750 — —

6,017 9 91

3,197 18 3

270 — —

500 — —

For

:£ j&Jlk

26 Geo. Ill

3° dprilis.

For Vice Chamberlain

Lords of the Bedchamber Grooms of Ditto Apothecary to His Majesty Ditto to His Majesty’s Household

475

£ *. d.

150 — — Civil List,

3,250 -

1,875 — —

57 10 —

26 13 4

C

23,139 8 9*

Pensions and Annuities

SIXTH CLASS:

53,238 15

2 i

SEVENTH CLASS: Fees and Salaries.

To the Lord President of the Council -

Lord Privy Seal - -

Two Secretaries of State -

Constable of Dover Cattle -

Governor of Windlbr Castle - -

Clerks of the Council -

Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Officers of the Ceremonies - -

King’s Heralds, and Pursuivants at Arms -

Officers of the Order of the Bath -

Nine Serjeants at Arms -

Matter General of the Ordnance -Lieut. General and other Officers of Ditto -Warden of Windlbr Forest - -

Swanimote Courts there -

Out Ranger of Windlbr Forest -

Ranger of the Little Park at Windsor - -

Ditto - of Saint James’s and Hyde Parks -

Ditto - of Salcey Forest -

Riding Forester in New Forest - -

Ranger of Richmond Park -Under Keepers of Cranbourne Chafe - -

Warden of Waltham Forest, from 17th September 1784 Constable of Dean Forest -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court

Ditto - of the Council Records -

Ditto - of the Records in the Tower -

Ditto - of D*, for Three Clerks -

Ditto - of D° at Whitehall -

Ditto - of D8 relating to forfeited Estates -

Ditto - of His Majesty’s Tennis Courts -

Ditto - of I lis Majesty’s Libraries -

Ditto - of the Lions, &e. in the- Tower -

Housekeeper at Westminster -

Clerks of the Treasury -

Sorter of Papers -

Meflfengers -

Housekeeper -

Keeper of the Rooms, late the Secretary of State-’s Office Solicitor -

Ranger of the Books -

Sir John Hynd Cotton -

Vicar of the Tower of London -

Corporation of Dartmouth -

Preacher of Hampton Court -Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate -

St. John Llaptift -

St Michael’s, Comhill - -

St Magnus, London Bridge -Schoolmaster of Southwell -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield ——

Vicars of Ditto -

Fellows of Eton College -

Mayor of Macclesfield -

Vol. 41.

Three Quarters Ditto -Ditto Ditto

Half a Year -Three Quarters Ditto Ditto

Three Quarters

Two Years Half a Year -Ditto -

Ditto -

Three Quarters Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Half a Year -Ditto -

23 Days 1$ Year Three Quarters f Year -

Three Quarters Ditto -

Half a Year -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto

Three Quarters Ditto -

Half a Year -

Ditto -

Three Quarters Half a Year -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -2f Years 1 Year -Half a Year -

Ditto -

if Year One Year

Ditto -

if Year Half a Year -Ditto -Ditto -Three Quarters Ditto -

3,000 -

2,256 5 — 8,520----

3,075 -

92----

1,050----

123 10 — 391 13 4 39i 12 nf

375 -

878 12 6 351 16 8 126 18 8 293 14 uf

20----

675-----

750-----

1,037 18 9 30-----

375 -

89 14 —

10----

353 10 if 157 10 — 37 2 8

375 -

375 -

75----

80----

100-----

66 2 8

225-----

171 17 6 4 12 —

1,100----

300-----

125-----

40----

20----

100-----

45 — —

*3 6 8

6 13 4

20 — —

20 — —

10 10 —

7 13 4

12 4 —

26 5 10 10

5 7 10 1

3i 10 —

37 10 —

To

V. t.

Civil Lid.

476

3® April.

A. 1786.

IjC*

60 — —

100-----

50-----

50-----

50-----

75-----

56-----

too-----

35-----

16 13 4

20-----

20-----

300-----

5-----

5-----

613 4

52 1

30-----

300 — —

50-----

8 6 8

240-----

277 17 6 427 13 9 17 5 10 5t 429 6 4 51 *3 6$

190----

429 6 4

25-----

2,600----

1,250----

55°----

240----

140----

5 25 — —

50-----

33 6 8

400----

750 — —

50----

100----

75----

1,029 7 6

15----

450----

300 — — 98 13 4

30----

25----

240----

172 14 if 1,125 — — 450-----

450----

525----

155----

65----

75----

48----

100----

300----

3,000 — —

10----

104 8 —

Auditor of die Exchequer ----- Half a Year - I 100 — -

Ditto ---- - One Quarter - I 65 — 10

Chief Clerk in his Office ----- Haifa Year- - I 50----

Register of Loans in Ditto - - - Ditto - - - I 25----

Auditor s Clerks in the Tally Court - - - . - - One Quarter - 14 2 6

Clerk of the Pells - Ditto - - - I 43 1 8

Ditto - - Half a Year - I 97 14 2

Ditto in the Tally Court - - - One Quarter - I 1 5 —

Tellers of the Exchequer - - - - Ditto - - - 32 1 8

To

5° Aprilis

26 Geo. III.

To the Chamberlain? -

Deputy Chamberlains....

Ditto -....

Grooms -

Messengers -

Sorters of Records -

Ditto - -

Clerics on their Latin Order - -

Porter -

Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer -

Solicitor- - -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Other Officers in said Office -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats b Court of Exchequer

Ditto in the Common Pleas - -

King’s Clerk b the Crown Office -

Foreign Appofer -

Clerk of the Nichills -

Clerk of the Pleas, and his Clerk -

King’s Remembrancer -

Secondaries and Clerks -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer - -

Secondaries -

Second Ditto for executing Originals -

Clerks -

Salaries payable in the Office to....

of the Lord Chamberlain, 5th July 1785 - - -10th October 1785 - - -5th January 1786 -

£. 1,066-----

- 2,525 4 6*

- 2,525 4 6*

Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring

EIGHTH CLASS:

Lords of the Treasury -First Lord of Ditto Chancellor of the Exchequer

Three Quarters -Ditto -Ditto -

477

One Quarter £ 26 1. 1 d. 8

Half a Year - 20 _

One Quarter - 7 10 _

10 _

Ditto - - 6 16 IO

Three Quarters m €75 — _

Half a Year - 40 —

Ditto - - 17 10

Ditto - - 10 — - .

Ditto - - 45 *3 4

- - 1 148 — —

One Quarter - 65 16 8

Haifa Year - 75

One Year - - 107 4 2

Ditto - - 64 11 8

i Year 48 6 8

Three Quarters - *5 6 8

Ditto - - 37 10 _

One Year - - 40 _ - -

20 ..

2 f Years - 16 5

Haifa Year - 27 18 8

24 Days 6f Years 102 »7 3

Half a Year 32 1 — i

li Year - 15 15

Haifa Year - 13 6 8

Three Quarters - 8 8 9

6,116

250

9 1*

55,517 10 H

6,000-----

3,016 10 — i,35o-----

10,366 10 —

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

For the Relief of certain Foreign Protestants - -

To the French Protestant Clergy -

To the French Protestant Laity -

To the Ministers of the Vaudois Churches -

For Expences b His Majesty’s Great Park at Wmdfor -

To the Messengers of the Exchequer -

For Rent of the Privy Seal and Signet Offices -

For Rent of Mote Park - -

To the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, for supplybg the Offices at Whitehall with Water -

To Ditto, the like to the Palace and Gardens at Kensington To the Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tatties -To the Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for jobbg Tallies To sundry Sheriff: - -

One Quarter Ditto -

Ditto -

3 Quarters -Half a Year -

Ditto -3 Quarters -

Ditto -One Quarter

500-----

429 u — 1,718 4 — 461 7 7

3,053 7 *

300 — — no 8 — 242 12 6

39 10 6 37 10 — 59 12 —

32 5 —

2,920-----

9,94 7 8

To cancel Exchequer Bills made out for the Service of the Civil list

, Voi. 41.

6F ABSTRACT

t

Civil (act.

Civil List.

Wivelif-combe, Ice. Hoads.

West Pennard Inclosure.

Minehead, &c. Roads.

Coal Trade.

478 3* Aprilis.

ABSTRACT of the preceding Accompt:

ift Clals. To the Royal Family -

2d. - - To the Lord Chancellor, Judges, &c. - -

3d. - - To Ministers resident at Foreign Courts -

4th. - - For approved Bills of His Majesty’s Tradesmen, Artificers, &c.

5th. - - To His Majesty’s menial Servants -

6th. - - For Pensions -

7th. - - For Fees and Salaries - -

8th. - - To the Lords of the Treasury, &c.-----

For Occasional Payments ——

To cancel Exchequer Bills -

Towards the Payment of which 279,278/. 17 s. there remained in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1786; viz.

Of the Civil List Revenues -

Contributions to Lottery 1785 - - - .

[ Lord Charles Spencer - -

Lady Gr -

The Board of Cireen Cloth Lady Dy -

Money paid by Tho. Cotton, Esquire, on Account of suppressed Offices ——

Ditto, paid by Abraham Newland, on Account of David Parry, Esquire -

Imprest Money repaid by

[oney Offio

£ s- d.

171.899 13 9*

2,982 18 3

1.000 -

4.000 -

287 15 2

3.127 15 3

744 5 2*

976 10 1

To which must be added the Amount of the Payments made pursuant to Addresses for American Sufferers, &c. when made good by Parliament -

185,018 17 9

63,924 16 2

Deficiency on the 5th January 1786 -

L

A. 178 6.

£. s. d.

24,120 52,174

23,139

53.238 15 55,517 10,366

9»9°4

10

6 3*

8 n*

8 9*

15 2*

10 6*

10 —

7 8

279,278 17 6

248,943 13 11

30,335 3 7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wivel in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard,- in the County of Somerset', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchet, in the County of Somerset', without any

Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint

Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred, and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses " committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part " of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and " the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint " Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint " Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex;" and also, the several Acts for continuing and amending the same, were read. And,

Mr. George Theakston being examined, said, That the said Acts are defective, and require Amendment, particularly in it not being compulsory on the Buyers of Coals to have the same measured by a Coal Meter, as

is

0,6 Geo. III.

3® — 4° Aprilis. 479

s required by the Acts for regulating the Admeasurement of Coals in the City of and in the County of Surrey, whereby great Frauds and Abuses have arisen in the Admeasurement of Coals, which might be effectually prevented, if the Coals were absolutely required to be measured by a Coal Meter, and some other Alterations and Amendments were made to the said Acts. — And the Witness added, That it would tend to the more easy and commodious Execution of the Laws relating to the Admeasurement of Goals, within the Limits of the said Act, if the same were reduced into One Act of Parliament. Then,

Mr. Roger Tremells, a Coal Merchant, being examined, said, That he thinks the Acts for the Admeasurement of Coals in Westminster very defective — That many Frauds have been committed, for want of a compulsory Power to have the Coals measured — That he attributes the Continuation of those Frauds, which the former Acts were made to correct and prevent, to the Laws being only optional. — And he added, That if a Power was given to oblige all Persons to have their Coals measured by a Coal Meter, with sufficient Penalties for the due Performance thereof on all Persons concerned in the felling, measuring, and conveying Coals to the Con-fumer, he thinks the same would be the Means of entirely preventing any Frauds on the Buyer, and be of public Utility.

Mr. Joseph Hamerton being examined, said, That he lives in Portland Street, Soho — That some Time since he bought a Chaldron of Coals, and suspecting them to be short Measure, he caused them to be re-measured, when they were found Seven Bushels deficient of the Measure they were delivered for, which, according to the Bill of Parcels, was 13 Sacks.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew as lies in the County of

Middlesex: And that Mr. Fox and the Lord Hood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for making good certain Damages sustained by several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Facersham, in the County of Kent, by the blowing up of His Majesty's Powder Mills at the said Town, in the Year 1781.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Redo&ion of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Kacional House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Voi.. 41.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resoked, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the East India House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Affairs. House, to consider of the several Papers which, upon the 16th Day of March last, had, in this Session of Parliament, been presented to this House, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;

Ordered, That Mr. James Archdechie do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to this House, since the find 16th Day of March last, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, since the Year 1772, have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and, from the Select Committees, ‘appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 2 6° Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of Stourbridge the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navi- Caoal. gation: And also,

A Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, and Ditto. Marmaduke Langdale, Esquire,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester; and Setting

forth.

4?p 40 Aprilis. A- 1786.

forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such Bill, if passed ipto a L^w in its present Fqrm, will, in many Respects, be injurious to them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Property or Interest of the Petitioners, and that they may have l'uch Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet.

Stonrbridg* A Petition of the several Persons whole Names

Canal. thereunto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers, Forgemen, and Workmen of certain Forges, Corn Mills, and Blade Mills, above all which Mills a Navigation is intended to be made from out of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River , at a Place called Digits, near Wwas also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the above-mentioned Navigable Cut or Canal, it is stated, that the same will be of great Public Utility; and that the Petitioners have laid out very large Sums of Money in erecting and compleating the said Works, and establishing Trades thereto, and have, by false Suggestions and Assurances, by Proprietors, Agents, and Servants of the new-intended Canal, been informed, that no Water, Brooks, or Streams whatever, should be diverted or taken from the said Works, yet, from a Bill now depending before the House, they are informed, and believe, by certain Clause3 therein, that they intend to take the greatest Part of the Water from the Books, Streams, and Rivulets from the aforesaid Forges, <fyc. for the Supply of the Canal, which Clauses and Powers, if granted them, will be to the utter Ruin of the said Works, as well as the greatest Injury to Numbers of Workmen and their Families, who will be obliged to leave their present Situations, and apply elsewhere for Work, for the Support of themselves and Families, and the Petitioners believe, that the Laid intended. Canal will not be beneficial but prejudicial to the Country in general: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may feern meet, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Oxford An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render effectual,

Canal. Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render effectual, Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable. Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trcfs* Estate. Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to thp like Uses, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment;

Ana he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Mr. KynasUmreported from the Committee, to whom Salop Gaol,

the Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correc- Action for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs,

Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the same, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire " Hall and Guildhall for the Coupty of Salop, and " the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and " for the other Purposes therein mentioned," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons being doubly rated.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Heage, tee. and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, was ^oad* presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through to

Tibslielf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County; and Setting forth, That the Roads intended to be made and repaired by the said Bill will open a nearer and more convenient Communication between the Towns of Alfreton and Derby, Alfreton and Chesterfield, and the several Villages of Shirland, Ashover, Blackwell, Tibs and the neighbouring Parts of the Country, will be of great Advantage to ‘the Owners of Estates, facilitate the Carriage of Corn, Goods, Lime, and Coal, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cecil presented to the House, according to Order, James a Bill for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paued in the Second Year of the Reign Rfta^T 0 of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Gooool<

26 Geo. III. 4" /.

Sheffield An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Vicange. to enable the Vicar of the Parish apd Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate, belonging to the said Vicarage, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. John Smyth, See.: And they are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

OU imported. The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Train or Animal Oil imported into, and exported from, that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1700 to mas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and die Produce of the Greenland Fishery from other Oils.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by die Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bishopp’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cocks, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber.

Severn A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation. Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That under Two Acts, passed in the present Reign, the Petitioners and others have compleated Navigable Canals, and improved other Navigations of great Extent, thereby to open Commercial Intercourse by Water between the Ports of Hull, Liverpool, and Bristol, and the Manufactories and Coal Mines in the interior Parts of the Kingdom, but the Communication with the Port of Bristol is frill imperfect, by Means of many Shoals, which in dry Seasons obstruct the Navigation of the River Severn; and that the Petitioners observe, a Bill is brought into the House, to improve the Navigation of the said River, between the great Founderies and Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, and the deep Water at Diglis, below Worcester, which will render complete the several Communications the Petitioners have been long labouring to effect, will lay open a regular Intercourse to all the great Coal Mines in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, and the Founderies in the said Counties for Cannon and Warlike Stores, which will contribute greatly to the Interest of the Public, the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, and, moreover, be of great Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Manufefturers of Earthen Ware

in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application has been made to the House for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Severn between Coalbrook Dale and the City of Worcester j and that the Petitioners have a very considerable Export and Import Trade by Means of the said River and the Navigable Canals which communicate therewith, and are folly satisfied, that an Improvement of . Vot. 41.

the said River Navigation, so as to afford at all Seasons of the Year a fife, certain, and expeditious Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize, will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and the Public in general:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inha- Severn hitants of the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the Nav, gatlon-County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought into Parliament for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Secern between Coalbrook Dale and the City of Worcester, which in dry Seasons is frequently impeded, for Want of a sufficient Depth of Water; and that a considerable Trade is carried on between the Port of Bristol and Newcastle under Lyme, by Means of the said River and the Navigable Canals which communicate therewith, and, the Petitioners are fully satisfied, that an Improvement of the said River Navigation, so as to afford at all Seasons of the Year a certain and expeditious Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize, will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names or' Ditto. Marks are thereunto subscribed, being Fishermen re-' tiding on the Banks of the River Severn, in and near to* the City of Worcester, was also presented to the House,' and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners get their entire Support by the taking of Salmon, Lampreys,

Shad, Lamperns, Eels, and other Fish, which, as well as supplying the City and County of Worcester, are also in great Quantities sent to London and other Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners hear, that there is a Bill depending in Parliament for erecting Locks and W'ears on the River Secern, and, if such Locks and Wears are erected on the said River, the Fishery near to the City of Worcester, and upwards to Bridgnorth, will be totally spoiled, whereby great Inconvenience will be occasioned to the Neighbourhood, and the Petitioners, who from their Youth havefolely been accustomed to the Fishery Business, being thereby rendered incapable of getting a Livelihood, will become real Objects of Dif-trefe: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Bowhallers or Watermen working on Ditto, the River Secern, in navigating Vessels up and down the said River, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners maintain themselves and Families by working and navigating Vessels on the Rivern Secern; and, that the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in Parliament for erecting Locks and Wears on the said River, and, if the same should pals into a Law, it will tend greatly to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and their Families, for, if such Locks and Wears are erected, it will in a great Degree decrease the Business carried on upon the said River by the frequent Delays which will be occasioned in passing each separate Lock; that the Business which is now carried on by Night, being nearly One Half of the Whole, will undoubtedly cease, for unless there is a Person attending Night and Day to open the Gates of the Locks, each Vessel, when arrived at a Lock, muff: lie by till the Morning, and in the Course of a Night many Vessels may come to the same Lock, which mult wait for each Vessel to go separately: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pais into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in 6 G Coalbrook

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

48a 4* Aprilis- A.

CoaSrrixk Dale, in the County of Salop, 16 the

Deep Water at or near a Place called Digits, below the City of JVorctsier, be read a Second Time; and the last mentioned Petitioners afe to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think At.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society in Scotland, for propagating Christian Knowledge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to " the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish a " Method of managing the lame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing " Disorders there for the future," was read; by which it appeared. That all and every the Lands and Estates which were then in the Hands of his Majesty, by the Attainder of Simon, late Lord Lcrvat, and certain other Persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, and it was declared lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Commission under the Privy Seal of Scotland, to authorize Commissioners and Trustees for managing the said Estates, and applying the Produce thereof Then,

The Reverend Doctor John Macfarlane produced to Your Committee Copies of Commissions granted by his late and present Majesty, in pursuance of the said Act; under the Privy Seal of Scotland, authorizing the Persons therein severally named as Commissioners and Trustees to manage the said Estates, and apply the Produce thereof.

And the Witness stated, That the said Commissioners did, among other Things in Execution of the Trull,-establish Schools in different Places in the remote Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, and grant Annual Salaries'to the Persons appointed Teachers in the said Schools, payable, from the Rents and Produce of the said forfeited Estates.

Then'another Act,' passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General " Simon Fraser the Lands and Estate of the late Simon M Lord' Local, upon certain Terms and Conditions," was read;- whereby it appeared. That the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty was repealed, in as far as related to the Estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late Lord Local, which was thereby dilannexed from the Crown, and was afterwards granted by His Majesty to the said Major General Simon Fraser.

Then another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of tile " former Proprietors, upod certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Eftatfes in Scotland which were "put under the Management of a1 Board of Trustees, " by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the " Reign of: his late Majesty King;.George the Second, " and to repeal the saul' Act,’* was read;< by which it

appeared, That the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his said late Majesty was repealed in as far as respected the other forfeited Estates, besides the Estate of the said Simon late Lord Local-, and it rias Enacted, That it should and might be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispose to the Persons therein named and described, being the Representatives of the Persons who forfeited the said several forfeited Estates, upon their severally paying into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the several and respective -Sums of Money in the said Act mentioned, at the Times therein specified, and certain Sums, Part of the Money ' so directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, were appropriated by the said Act, for the Purposes and to the Use of the Persons and Societies therein mentioned; and it was Enacted, That in case the Sums to be paid into the said Court, in Consideration of the said annexed forfeited Estates being restored, should not be exhausted by the several Applications or Appropriations in the said Act specified, the Balance of the Money so to be paid in should remain under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public Banks or public Funds, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament. And,

Doctor Macfarlane informed Your Committee, That no Provision was made by the said' Act for continuing the Schools in the remote Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, which were established by the Commissioners and Trustees of the said forfeited Estates, or for continuing the Salaries of the Teachers of the said Schools, whereby, and unless Provision is made, the good Effects of such Establishment will be loft to the Public, and a Number of industrious and well-deserving Persons, who have for many Years been Teachers of the said Schools, will be reduced to Distress and'Indigetlce: Then,

Mr. James Chalmer produced to Your Committee a Copy of a Memorial of the Petitioners, the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, incorporated by Royal Charter, which was lately delivered in by the witness to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, representing the State of the said established Schools, and stating the following Particulars, which Doctor Macfarlane informed Your Committee were Fasts; viz.

That the Salaries of the Teachers did amount in the Whole, to the Annual Sum of 299/. 145. — That it appeared to the Society that certain of the said Schools, the Salaries of the Teachers whereof amounted to the Yearly Sum of 113/. might be discontinued immediately — That certain other of the said Schools might be discontinued after the Deaths of the present Teachers, whose Salaries amounted to the Annual Sum of 48 and who would be reduced to Beggary if deprived of their Salaries; and that the remaining Number of the Ikid established Schools ought to be continued, viz. The Schools established at Strelitz, Crcdgniech, add Lochemside, upon the Estate of Perth; the School established at Strathyre, upon the Estate of;

tbfe School established at Lochg the Schools established at Kintochrannock, Finnart, Glenorchty, and

Camagren, and Carrie, upon the Estate' of Strotoan; the Schools established at Kin Mamore, and Strathlochie, upon the Estate of Lochiel; the School established at Clothe; the School established at Coigach, upon the Estate of Cromarty; and the School efta-fatished in the Island of South Uist; the Salaries of the Teacheris' of which Schools amounted to the Annual Sum of 138/. 1.4 a, That as the principal Object; of the said Society was to’ estabnlh and superintend Schools in the Highlands of Scotland, they coriceived it might be proper to commit , to thaito, the Care 6f such of the Schools established by the late Cominifiibnersr Of the annexed Estates,

R as

Geo. III.

4° Aprilis.

483

is it was though proper to continue; but as the Society sitydid signify to the Nabob of Chide the said Orders, Charge* had gone the utmost Length their Funds would allow, in and his Obligation to yield punctual Obedience thereto-; Mf-

paying the Salaries of the Teachers of One hundred and 1 ' ‘ ~ ' a ,n"'

Eighty-three Schools by them established, they could not undertake, the Burden of more,. without a reasonable Allowance being made by the Public, and that upon such Allowance the Society would engage to pay the Salaries of the Teachers appointed by the late Commissioners before-mentioned, as amounting <048/. Yearly during the Lives of the present Teachers, and to continue the Schools mentioned in the said Memorial, and above, as proper to be continued, and pay the Salaries

and did solemnly engage and promise to the Court of Pireflors, with the unanimous Concurrence of the whole Council, " That no ObjeCfc or Consideration should " either tempt or compel him to pass the Political Lino, which they (the Directors) had laid down for his " Operations with the Vizieralluring the Court of JI M*5h ,77S-Directors, that be " scarce saw a possible Advantage, which could compensate the Hazard and Expeuee to be incurred by a contrary Conduct — That he did frequently repeat the same Declarations, or Declarations

CC

of th£ Teachers thereof in Time coming, according to to the same Effect, particularly in a Letter to the Na the Regulations of the Society.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, ’fhat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

bob himself, of the 22d of November 1773, in the fol-Ipwing Words: " The Commands of my Superiors are, " as I have repeatedly informed you, peremptory, that " I shall not foffer their Arms to be carried beyond " the Line of their own Boundaries, and those of your " Excellency their Ally."

That the said JVarren Hastings, in direct Contradiction to the said Orders, and to his own Sense of a Bill for repealing the Rates upon Battens and Deals, their Propriety and coercive Authority, and in Breach and granting new Rates thereupon, and for ascertaining of his express Promiles and Engagements, did, in Sep-

N*32.

ittens and Deals. Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

all of the House.

Ibargfes against Ir, H&stings.

the Uimensions of Battens and Deals; and the same was received, and/cad the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Burke, in his Place, charged Warren Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, with sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and presentied to the House several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and anu m Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

And the said Articles were delivered in at the Clerk’s - -Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

*45-

of High

Crimes and

tember 1773, enter into a private Engagement with the said Nabob of Oude, who was the special Object of the Prohibition, to furnish him, for a stipulated Sum of Money, to be paid to the East Company, with a Body of Troops, for the declared Purpose of " thoroughly extirpating the Nation of the Rot " hillas — a Nation, from whom the Company had never received, or pretended to receive or apprehend, any Injury whatsoever; whose Country, in the Month of February 1773, by an unanimous Resolution of l* N° l8‘ the said Warren Hastings and his Council, was included in the Line of Defence against the Marattae, and from whom the Nabob never complained of an or Act of Hostility, nor pretended a dif-tinct Cause of Quarrel, other than the Non-payment of a Sum of Money in Dispute between him and that v|.f. People.

1 ’ That suppoling the Sum of Money in Question to

Articles of Charge

meaner, pi,*>*. h ?*= of

Governor General of Bengal, him and the Lhill* C.h\o(k

Appendix to the Fifth Re-

Pates. port of the

Committee c-f Secrecy.

16 "I .7*1 \n°

darch >

3 May J f 6-

7 Nfc»rch 1760. J

1 Nov. w N* 1*. 14-

N* 1.

That the Court of Directors of the East Company, from a just Sense of the Danger and Odium incident to the Extension of their Conquests in the East

any Engagement between him and the Rohilla Chiefs, the East India Company, or their Representatives, were not Parties to that Engagement, or Guarantees thereof, nor bound by any Obligation whatever to enforce the Execution of it.

That, previous to the said Warren Hastings's entering into the Agreement or Bargain aforesaid, to extir-

Indies, and from an Experience of the Disorders and pate the said Nation, he did not make, or cause to be cortupt Practices, which Intrigues and Negociations made, a due Enquiry into the Validity of the foie Pre-to bring about Resolutions among the Country Powers text used by the said Nabob j nor did he give Notice of

had produced, did positively and repeatedly direCfc their Servants in Bengal not to engage in any offensive War whatsoever: That the said Court laid it down as an invariable Maxim, which ought ever to be maintained, that they were to avoid taking Part in the Political Schemes of any of the Country Princes; and did, in particular, order and direCfc, that they should not engage with a certain Prince, called Sujah ul Dowla Nabob of Oude, and Virier of the Empire, in any Operations, beyond certain Limits in the said Orders specially described.

That Warren Hastings, Esquire, then Governor of the said Claims of Debt to the Nation of the Rohillas, in order to receive an Explanation on their Part of the Matter in Litigation, nor did he offer any Mediation, nor propose, nor afford an Opportunity of propoling, an Agreement or Submission, by which the Calamities of War might be avoided; as, by the high State in which the East India Company stood as a Sovereign Power in the East, and the Honour and Character it ought to maintain, as well as by the Principles of Equity ana Humanity, and by the true and obvious Policy of uniting the Power of the Mahometan Princes against

Fort William in Bengal, did, with other Members of the Marattas, he was bound to doThat, instead of yo Hot. 177*. *° the Council^ declare his clear^Understanding of the true so^h previous Enquiry, or Tender of good Offices, the

VAc Appendix of AireOon* N° 15. it.

Intent and Meaning of the said positive and repeated said Warren Hastings did stimulate the Ambition and Orders and Injunctions; — did express to the Court of Ferocity of the Nabob of Oude to the foil Completion Directors his Approbation of the Policy thereof; — did of the inhuman End of the said unjustifiable Enterprize, UH«r. 177). N*s«. deblare, that be adopted the same with Sincerity and by informing him, " that it would be absolutely necef-Sdtifaction, and that he was too well aware of the rum- " fary to perlevere in it until it should be accomplished ous Tendency of all Schemes of Conquest, ever to adopt pretending, that a Fear of the Company's Dil'pleasure them, or ever to depart from the absolute Line of Self- was his Motive for annexing the Accomplishment of the Defence, unless impelled to it by the most obvious Neces-Enterprize as a Condition of his Assistance, and afierting Vol. 41. " that

j \

484

4* Aprilis.

A- 178

Charges against Mr. Hastings.

" that he could not hazard or answer for the Displeasure of the Company, his Matters, if they should find xt‘ themselves involved in a fruitless War, or in an Expence for prosecuting it;" — a Pretence tending to the high Diihonour of the East India Company, as if the Gain to be acquired was to reconcile that Body to the Breach of their own Orders, prohibiting all such Enterprizes. — And in order further to involve the said . "N* 23- Nabob beyond the Power of retreating, he did, in the Course of the Proceeding, purposely put the said Nabob under Difficulties in case he should decline that War, and did oblige him to accept even the Permission to relinquish die Execution of this unjust Project as a Favour, and to make Concessions for it; thereby acting as if the Company were Principals in the Hostility; and

employing for this Purpose much double Dealing, and

divers unworthy Artifices, to entangle and perplex the said Nabob, but by Means of which he found himself (as he has entered it on Record) hampered, and N* 33. rassed in a particular.

That the said Compact for Offensive Alliance in Favour of a great Prince, against a considerable Nation, was not carried on by Projects and Counter-prdjects in Writing: nor were the Articles and Conditions thereof formed into any regular written Instrument, signed and lealed by the Parties; but the Whole (both the Negotiation and the Compact of Offensive Alliance against the Rohillas) was a mere verbal Engagement, the Purport and Conventions whereof no where appeared, except in subsequent Correspondence, in which certain of the Articles, as they were stated by the several Parties, did materially differ; — a Proceeding new and unprecedented, and directly leading to mutual Misconstruction, Evasion, and ill Faith, and tending to encourage and protect every Species of corrupt, clandestine Practice: — That, at the Time when this private verbal Agreement was made by the said Warren Hastings with the Na-y sept 1773. N° 19. bob of Oude, a public ostensible Treaty was concluded by him with the said Nabob, in which there is no Mention whatever of such Agreement, or Reference whatever to it; in Defence of which Omission, it is asserted 3 Dec. 1774- N° 45. i by 'the said Warren , that the Multiplication

of Treaties weakens their Efficacy, and therejore they should be reset'ved only for very important . vent Obligations; notwithstanding he had previously

1773^ N*21 declared to the said Nabob, " that the Points, which

" he had proposed, required much Consideration, and " the previous Ratification of a formal Agreement before he could consent to them." — That the whole of the said verbal Agreement with the Nabob of Oude in his own Person, without any Assistance on his Part, was carried on and concluded by the said Warren Hastings alone, without any Person who might witness the fame; without the Intervention even of an Interpreter, though " 177J' N,'2’ be confesses that he spoke the Hindostan Language im-

perfectly, and although he had with him at that Time and Place, several Persons high in the Company’s Service and Confidence; namely, the Commander in Chief of their Forces, Two Members of their Council, and the Secretary to the Council, who were not otherwise acquainted with the Proceedings between him and the said Nabob, than by such Communications as he thought N* 45’ fit to make to them.

That the Object avowed by the said Warren Hastings, and the Motives urged by him, for employing the British Arms in the utter Extirpation of the Ro-hiUa Nation, are stated by himself in the following *17747 Ap££dL*nV Terms: " The Acquisition of Forty Lacks of Rupees "to the Company, and of so much Specie added to " the exhausted Currency of our Provinces; — that it *6 Nor. 1773- N° 23. woui(] give Wealth to the Nabob of Oude, of which " we should participate; — that the said Warren Hast-. N. " mgs should always be ready to profess that he did

" reckon the probable Acquisition of Wealth among

" his Reasons for taking up Arms against his Neighhours; — that it would ease the Company of a confi-

" derable Part of their Military Expence, and preserve " their Troops from Inaction and Relaxation of Discipline; — that the weak State of the Rohillas promised 3 °*«.*774* N*-v> " an easy Conquest of them; and, finally, that such was " his Idea of the Company’s Distrefe at Home, added " to his Knowledge of their Wants Abroad, that he should " have been glad of any Occasion to employ their Forces,

" which saved so much of their Pay and Expences."

That, in the private verbal Agreement aforesaid for offensive War, the said Warren Hastings did transgrds the Bounds of the Authority given him by his Instructions from the Council of Fort William, which had limited his Powers to such Compa&s " as were confident *3 J°»* *773- N*ij, " with the Spirit of the Company's Orders;" which Council he afterwards persuaded, and with Difficulty drew into an Acquiescence in what he had done.

That the Agreement, to the Effect aforesaid, was settled in the said 1‘ecret Conferences, before the loth of September 1773; but the said Warren Hastings, concealing from the Court of Directors a Matter of which it was his Duty to afford them the earliest and fullest Information, did, on the said 10th of September 1773, write to the Directors, and dispatched his Letter over Land, giving them an Account of the public Treaty, but taking not the lead Notice of his Agreement for a mercenary War against the Nation of the Rohillas.

That, in order to conceal the true Purport of the said clandestine Agreement the more effectually, and until he should find Means of gaining over the rest of the Council to a Concurrence in his Disobedience of Orders, he entered a Minute in the Council Books, 4th°^b<r 19‘

fiving a false Account of the Transaction; in which linute he represented, that the Nabob had indeed proposed the Design aforesaid, and that he (the said Warren Hastings) was pleased that he urged the Scheme of this Epedition no further; when, in Reality and Truth, he had absolutely consented to the said Enterprize, and had engaged to assist him in it (which he afterwards admitted) and confessed that he did act in Consequence of the fame.

That the said Warren Hastings and his Council were sensible of the true Nature of the Enterprize in which they had engaged the Company’s Arms, and of the heavy Responsibility to which it would subject himself and the Council, " the personal Hazard they, the Council, run, 17th oa. N* itL " in undertaking so uncommon a Measure, without posi- *774- of Dn-AF " live Instructions, at their own Rilk, with the Eyes of " the whole Nation on the Affairs of the Company, and the Passions and Prejudices of almost every Man in " England inflamed against the Conduct of the Company, and the Character of its Servants;" yet they engaged in the very Practice, which had brought such Odium on the Company, and on the Character of its Servants, though they further say, that they had continually before their Eyes the Dread of forfeiting the Favour of their Employers, and becoming the " Objects of popular

Invectives." The said Warren Hastings himself lays, at the very Time when he proposed the Measure, " I mult >6 Nor. 1773. N'*jconfels, I entertain some Doubts as to its Expediency " at this Time, from the Circumstances of the Company " at Home, exposed to popular Clamour, and all its Measures liable to be canvassed in Parliament; their Charter " drawing to a Close, and his Majesty’s Ministersunquestionably ready to take Advantage of every unfavourable Circumstance in the Negotiations of its Renewal." AIL these Considerations did not prevent the said Wirren Hastings from making and carrying into Execution the said mercenary Agreement for a Sum of Money, the Payment of which, the Nabob endeavoured to evade on a Construction of the verbal Treaty; and was so, far from being infilled on, as it ought to have been, by the said Warren Hastings, that when, after the Completion

of

A*

2,6 Geo. III.

4° Apri

485

of the Service, the Commander in Chief was directed to make a Demand of the Money, the Agent of the said Warren Hastings at the same Time allured the Nabob,

*7 Jon* jy I3J> " that the Demand was nothing more than Matter of 1774> " Form, common, and even necessary in all public

" Transactions: and that, although the Board considered " the Claim of the Government literally due, it was not u the Intention of Administration to prescribe to his " Excellency the Mode, or even Limits of Payment." Nor was any Part of the Money recovered until the Establishment of the Governor General and Council by Act of Parliament, and their Determination to w ithdraw the Brigade from the Nabob’s Service; the Resident at his Court, appointed by the said Warren Hastings,

* *47- having w ritten, that he had experienced much Duplicity and Deceit in most of his Transactions with his Excellency; and the said Nabob and his Successors falling back in other Payments in the same or greater Proportion, as he advanced in the Payment of this Debt; the Consideration of Lu^re to the Company, the declared Motive to this (hameful Transaction, totally failed, and no Money in and Substance (as far as by any Account to be depended on appears) has been obtained.

That the said Nabob of Oude did, in consequence of the said Agreement, and with the Assistance of British Troops, which were ordered to march, and fibjefted to his Disposal by the said Warren Hastings and the Council, unjustly enter into und invade the Country of the Rohillas, and did there make War in.a barbarous and inhuman Manner, " by an Abuse of Victory ;" " by the unnecessary Destruction of the Country;" VwteCot.Champion’* by a wanton Display of Violence and Oppression, of to May ^♦Dn 1. jjt. " Inhumanity and Cruelty;" and "by the sudden F.xpul-t* Juno* " *3j U fi°n au(1 calling down of an whole Race of People,

oj<1 to whom the llighteft Benevolence was denied." When Prayer was made not to dishonour the Begum (a Princess of great Rank, whole llufband had been killed in Battle) and other Women, by dragging them about the Country, to be loaded with the Seifs oj the Nabob's Rabble, and otherwise still worse used; the Nabob refused to listen to the Intreaties of a British Commander in Chief in their Favour, and the said Women of high Rank were exposed not only to the vilest perl'onal Indiunities, but even to ablblute Want; and these Transactions being by Colonel Champion communicated to the said Warren Hastings, instead of Commendations for his Intelligence, and Orders to redress the said Evils, and to prevent the like in future, by Means which were liiggefted, and which appear to *«Ju,7 dm *. 169. have been proper and feasible, he received a Reprimand ,774‘ from the said Warren Hastings, w ho declared that we

had no Authority to controul the Conduct of the Vizier in the Treatment of his Subjects: And that Colonel Champion desisted from making further Representations on this Subject to the said Warren Hastings, being apprehensive of having already run some Risque of dilpleafing, by perhaps a too free Communication 1 Aoguft # lto of Sentiments. — That in consequence of the said Pro-,7M" ceedings, not only the eminent Families of the Chiefs

of the Rohilla Nation were either cut off or banished, and their Wives and Offspring reduced to utter Ruin, but the Country itself, heretofore distinguished above tih Rep. page 13. all others for the Extent of its Cultivation, as a Garden, not having one Spot in it of uncultivated "'Ground, and from being the most flourishing State "j*- ’ that a Country could be, was, by the inhuman Mode

of carrying on the War, and the ill Government during the consequent Usurpation, reduced to a State of great Decay and Depopulation, in which it Hill remains.

That the East India Company, having had Reason to conceive that, for the Purpose of concealing cor-Vol. 41.

rupt Transactions, then* Servants in India had made Charges unfair, mutilated, and garbled Communications of Cor- JP'Vf respondence, and sometimes had wholly withheld the L T‘ , DSS* fame, made an Order in their Letter of the 23d of March 1770, in the following Tenor: — "The Governor " singly shall correspond with the Country Powers;

" but all Letters, before they shall be by him sent,

" must lie communicated to the other Members of the " Svleft Committee, and receive their Approbation;

" and also all Letters whatsoever, which may be received by the Governor, in Answer to or in Course " of Correspondence, shall likewise be laid before the laid deleft Committee, for their Information and " Consideration." — And that in their Inftrnftions to their Governor General and Council, dated 30th March 'N,

1774, they did repeat their Orders to the same Purpose *

and Effect.

That the said Warren Hastings did not obey, as in Duty he was bound to do, the said Standing Orders; nor did communicate all his Correspondence with Mr.

Middleton, the Company’s Agent at the Court of the Sou bah of Oude, or with Colonel Champion, the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in the Rohilla War, to the Select Committee: And when afterwards, that is to lav, on the 25th of October 1774, he was ^*45. required by the Majority of the Council appointed by the Act of Parliament of 1773, whose Opinion was by the said Act directed to be taken as the Act of the w hole Council, to produce all his Correspondence with Mr. Middleton and Colonel Champion, for the Direction of their future Proceedings, relative to the obscure, intricate, and critical Transaction aforesaid, he did pofi-tively and pertinaciously refuse to deliver any other than such Parts of the said Correspondence as he thought convenient; covering his said illegal Refusal under general vague Pretences of Secrecy, and Danger from the Communication; although the said Order and fn-Itruction of the Court of Directors above-mentioned was urged to him, and although it was represented to him by the said Council, that they, as well as he, were bound by an Oath of Secrecy: Which Refusal to obey the Orders of the Court of Directors (Orders specially and on weighty Grounds of Experience, pointed to Cafes of this very Nature) gave rife to much Jealouly, and excited great Suspicions relative to the Motives and Grounds on which the Rohilla War had been undertaken.

That the said Warren Hastings, in the Grounds alledged in his Junification, of his Refusal to communicate to his Colleagues in the Superior Council, his Correspondence with Mr. Middleton, the Company’s Resident at Oude, was guilty of a new Offence; arrogating to himself unprecedented and dangerous Powers, on Principles utterly subversive of all Order and Dif-cipline in Service, and introduftory to corrupt Confederacies and Disobedience among the Company’s Servants; the said Warren Hastings infilling, that Mr.

Middleton, the Company’s covenanted Servant, the public

Resident for tranliifting the Company’s Affairs at the

Court of the Sou ball of Oude, and as such receiving

from the Company a Salary for his Service, was no

other than the official Agent of him the said Warren ,6 ,774. n.

Hastings, and that, being such, he was not obliged to

communicate his Correspondence.

That the Court of Directors, and afterwards a General >775- *

Court of the Proprietors of the East India Company, 6 D*e*177S although the latter shewed favourable Dispositions towards the said Warren Hastings, and expressed (but without assigning any Ground or Reason) the highest Opinion of his Services and Integrity, did unanimously condemn (along with his Conduct relative to the Rohilla Treaty and War) his Refusal to communicate his whole Correspondence with Mr. Middleton to the Superior Council;

6 H yet

4’ yip fills.

A. 1786.

Charges

agiinl't

Mr. Bailings.

16th Maroh 176S.

N# 6.

N* 18.

yet the said Warren Hastings, in Defiance of the Opinion of the Directors, and the unanimous Opinion of the General Court of the said

well as the precedent positive Orders of the Court of Directors, and the Injunctions of an Act of Parliament, has, from that Time to the present, never made any Communication of the Whole of his Correspondence to the Governor General and Council, or to die Court of Directors.

N° 2.

That, in a folenin Treaty of Peace, concluded the 16th of August 1765, between the East India Company and the late Nabob of Ou Sujah ul Dawla, and highly approved of, confirmed, and ratified by the said Company, it is agreed, " That the King " shall remain in foil Possession of , and such Part " of the Province of IUiabad as he now possesses, which " are ceded to his Majesty as a Royal Demesne, for the " Support of his Dignity and Expences." — That, in a separate Agreement, concluded at the same Time, between the King Shaw Allum and the then Subadar of Bengal, under the immediate Security and Guaranty of the English Company, the Faiih of the Company was pledged to the said King for the Annual Payment of Twenty-six Lack of Rupees, for his Support, out of the Revenues of Bengal; and that the said Company did then receive from the said King a Grant of the Dewanny of the Provinces of Bengal, and Orissai on the

express Condition of their being Security for the Annual Payment above-mentioned; — That the East India Company have held, and continue to hold the Dewanny fb granted, and, for some Years, have complied with the Conditions on which they accepted of the Grant thereof; and have at all Times acknowledged that they held the Dewanny in virtue of the Mogul's Grants. — That the said Court of Directors, in their Letter of the 30th June 1769, to Bengal, declared, " that they " esteemed themselves bound by Treaty to protect the " King's Person, and to secure him the Possession of " the Corah and Illiabad Districtsand, foppofing an Agreement should be made, respecting these Provinces, between the King and Shuja ul Dawla, the Directors then said, " that they should be fobjeCl to no further " Claim or Requisition from the King, excepting for the " stipulated Tribute for Bengal, which they (the Governor and Council) were to pay to his Agent, or remit " to him in such Manner as he might direct."

That, in the Year 1772, the King Shaw Allum, who had hitherto resided at Allahabad, trusting to Engagements which he had entered into with the Marattas, quitted that Place and removed to Delhi; but, having soon quarrelled with those People, and afterwards being taken Prisoner, had been treated by them with very great Disrespect and Cruelty: — That, among other Instances of their Abuse of their immediate Power over him, the Governor and Council of Bengal, in their Letter of the 16th of August 1773, inform the Court of Directors that he had been compelled, while a Prisoner in their Hands, to grant Sunnuds for the Surrender of Corah and IlUabad to them; and it appears, from sundry other Minutes of their own, that the said Governor and Council did at all Times consider the Surrender above-mentioned as extorted from the King, and unquestionably an Act of Violence, which could not alienate, or impair his Right to those Provinces; and that, when they took Possession thereof, it was at the Request of the King s Naib, or Viceroy, who put them under the Council’s Protection; that, on this Footing the y were accepted by the said JVarren Hastings and his Council, and for some Time considered by them as a Deposit committed to

06

their Care by a Prince, to whom the Possession thereof

was particularly guarantied by the East India Company.

— In their Letter of the lft of Mar 1773, they (the said Warren Hastings and his Council) say, " In no N

" Shape can this compdlfatory Cession by the King " rcleufe us from the Obligation we are under to defend " the Provinces which w e have lb particularly guarantied " to him." Rut it appears that they soon adopted other Ideas, and afiumed other Principles concerning this Obje6h In the Instructions, dated the 23d of June 1773, which the Council of Fort William gave to* the said JVarren Hastings, previous to his Interview with the Nabob Shuja ul Dowla at Benares, they lay, that " while " the King continued at Delhi, whither he proceeded in " Opposition to their most strenuous Remonstrances,

" they should certainly consider the Engagements between " him and the Company as dissolved, by his Alienation " from them and their Interest; — that the Possession of " so remote a Country could never be expedited to yield " any Profit to the Company, and the Defence of it " must require a perpetual Aid of their Forcesyet, in the same Instructions, they declare their Opinion, that,

" if the King should make Overtures to renew his " former Connection, his Right to reclaim the Districts

"of Corah and Illiabad could not Propriety be " disputedand they authorize the said JVarren Hastings

to restore them to him, on Condition that he should renounce his Claim to the Annual Tribute of Twenty-six Lack of Rupees, hereinbefore mentioned, and to the Arrears which might be due, — thereby acknowledging the Justice of a Claim, which they determined not to comply with, but in Return for the Surrender of another equally valid: — That, nevertheless, in the Treaty concluded by the said JVarren Hastings with Sujah id Dowla, on the 7th of September 1773, it is asserted, that his Majesty (meaning the King Shaw,) " having " abandoned the Districts of Corah and Illiabad, and " given a Sunnud for Corah and Currah to the Marattas,

" had thereby forfeited his Right to the said Districts

although it was well known to the said IV Hastings,

and had been so Hated by him to the Court of Directors, N*

that this Surrender, on the Part of the King, had been

extorted from him by Violence, while he was a Prisoner in the Hands of the Marattas;and although it was ’

equally well known to the said JVarren Hastings, that

there was nothing in the original Treaty of 1765, which

could restrain the King from changing the Place of his

Residence, consequently that his Removal to Delhi could

not occasion a Forfeiture of his Right to the Provinces

secured to him by that Treaty.

That the said Warren Hastings, in the Report which he made of his Interview and Negociations with ul Dowla, dated the 4th of October 1773, declared,

" that the Administration would have been culpable, in the highell Degree, in retaining Possession of Corah " and Illiabad for any other Purpose than that of making " an Advantage by the Disposal of and therefore he had ceded them to the Vizier for Fifty Lack of Rupees; a Measur for which he had no Authority whatever from the King Shaw Allum, and in the Execution of which no Reserve w hatever was made in Favour of the Rights of that Prince, nor any Care taken of his Interests.

That, the Sale of these Provinces to Sujah Dowla involved the East India Company in a triple Preach of Justice, since, by the same A cl, they violated a Treaty, they fold the Property of another, and they alienated a Deposit committed to their Friend ship and good Faith, and as such accepted by them: — That a Measure of this Nature is not to be defended on Motives of Policy and Convenience, foppofing such Motives to have exilted, without a total Loss of public Honour, and (baking all Security in the Faith of Treaties; but that, in reality, the Pretences urged by

06 Geo. IlL 40 Jprilis.

487

the said Warren Hastings, for felling the King’s Country to Sujah Dawla, were false and invalid. — It could not strengtben our Alliance with Sujah ul since,

paying a Price for a Purchase, he received no Favour, and incurred no Obligation. It did not free the Company from all the Dangers attending either a remote Property or a remote Connexion; since, the Moment the Country in question became Part of Sujah Daw la's Dominions, it was included in the Company’s former Guaranty of those Dominions, and in case of Invasion, the Company were obliged to fend Part of their Army to defend it, at the Requisition of the said Sujah Dawla: And if the remote Situation of those Provinces made the Defence of them difficult and dangerous, much more was it a difficult and dangerous Enterprize to engage the Company’s Force in an Attack and Invasion of the whole Country lay at a much greater Distance from the Company’s Frontier: Which, nevertheless, the said Warren Hastu gsagreed to, and undertook at the very Time when, under Pretence of the Difficulty of defending Corah and llliabad, he fold those Provinces to Sujah Dawla.It did not relieve the Company from the Expence of defending the Country, since the Revenues thereof far exceeded the Subsidy to be paid by Sujah Dawlaf and these Revenues justly belonged to the Company as long as the Country continued under their Protection, and would have answered the Expence of defending it. — Finally, that the Sum of Fifty Lack of Rupees, stipulated with the said Sujah Doula, was inadequate to the Value of the Country, the Annual Revenues of which were stated at Twenty-five Lack of Rupees, which General Sir Robert Barker, then o* N9 33. Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces, affirms, ?J* was certain, and too generally known to admit of a Doubt.

That the King Shaw Allum received, for feme Years, the Annual Tribute of Twenty-six Lack of Rupees above- mentioned, and was entitled to continue to receive it, by virtue of an Engagement deliberately, and for an adequate Consideration, entered into with him by the Company’s Servants, and approved of and ratified by the Company themselves; — that this Engagement was absolute and unconditional, and did neither express, nor suppose, any Cafe, in which the said King should forfeit, or the Company should have a Right to resume,.the Tribute; that, nevertheless, the said Warren Hastings and his Council, immediately after felling the King’s Country to Sujah Dawla, resolved to withhold, and 33* actually withheld, the Payment of the said Tribute, of ,3‘ which the King Shaw Allum has never since received any Part; — that this Resolution of the Council is not justified, even by themselves, on Principles of Right and Justice; but by Arguments of Policy and Convenience, by which the belt-founded Claims of Right 'Dee. 13. and Justice may at all Times be set aside and defeated.

' " They judged it highly impolitic and unsafe to answer

" the Drafts of the King until they were satisfied of his " amicable Intentions, and those of his new Allies." But neither had they any Reason to question the King’s amicable Intentions, nor was he pledged to answer for those of the Marattas; his trusting to the good Faith of that People, and relying on their Affifiance, to re-instate him in the Possession of his Capital, might have been imprudent and impolitic; but these Measures, however ruinous to hiraself, indicated no Enmity to the English, nor were they productive of any Effects injurious to the English Interests. And it is plain, that the said Warren Hastings and his Council were perfectly aware that their Motives or Pretences for withholding the Tribute were too weak to justify their Conduct, having ‘Bee- n° 13. principally infilled on the reduced State of their Trca-iury, which, as they said, rendered it impracticable to Vol. 41.

comply with those Payments. The Right of a Creditor Charts does not depend on the Circumstances of the Debtor; on the contrary, the Plea of Inability includes a virtual r‘ inp* Acknowledgment of the Debt, since, if the Creditor’s Right were denied, the Plea would be superfluous.

That the East India Company, having, on their Part violated the Engagements, and renounced the Conditions, on which they received, and have hitherto held and enjoyed, the Dewanny of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, from the King Shaw Allum, have thereby forfeited all Right and Title to the said Dewanny, arising from the said Grant, and that it is free and open to the said King to resume such Grant; and to transfer it to any other Prince or State: — That, notwithstanding any Di ft re Is or Weakness, to which he may be actually reduced, his lawful Authority as Sovereign of the Mogul Empire, is still acknowledged in India, and that his Grant of the Dewanny would sufficiently authorize, and materially assist, any Prince or State that might attempt to dil-polless the East India Company thereof, since it would convey a Right, which could not be disputed, and to which nothing but Force could be opposed. Nor can these Opinions be more strongly expressed, than they have been lately by the said Warren Hastings himself, who, in a Minute recorded the lit of December 1784, has declared that, " fallen as the House of Timur is, it " is yet the Relick of the moll illustrious Line of the " Eastern World; — that its Sovereignty is universally " acknowledged, though the Substance of it no longer " exists; and that the Company itself derives its Couftitutional Dominion from its ostensible Bounty."

That the said Wirren Hastings, by this Declaration, has renounced and condemned the Principle on which ^3° '* he avowedly acted towards the Mogul in the Year 1773, when he denied that the Sunnuds or Grants of the Mogul, if they were in the Hands of another Nation, would avail them any thing; and when he declared,

" that the Sword, which gave us the Dominion of " Bengal, must be the Instrument of its Preservation,

" and that, if it should ever cease to be ours, the next " Proprietor would derive his Right and Possession from " the same natural CharterThat the said Warren Hastings, to answer any immediate Purpose, adopts any Principle of Policy, however false or dangerous, without any Regard to former Declarations made, or to Principles avowed on other Occasions by himself; and particularly that, in his Conduct to Shaw Allum, he first maintained, that the Grants of that Prince were of no Avail, that we held the Dominion of Bengal by the Sword, which he has falsely declared the Source of Right, and the natural Chai'ter of Dominion; whereas, at a later

Period, he has declared, that the Sovereignty of the Family of Shaw Allum is univerlally acknowledged, and that the Company itself derives its Constitutional Do- minion from their ostensible Bounty.

N* 3.

PART Ift.

Rights and Tides of the Rajah of Benares.

I. That the Territory of Benares is a fruitful, and has been, not long since, an orderly, well cultivated, and improved Province; of great £xtent; and its capital City, as JVarrenHastings, Esquire, has informed the Court of Directors in his Letter of the 21 ft of November 1781, " is highly revered by the Natives of the Hindu " Persuasion; so that many, who have acquired independent Fortunes, retire to close their Days in a " Place so eminently distinguished for its Sanctity:*’ and he further acquaints the Directors, " that it may

" rather

v-

Charges

acrainst

Mr. Hailing*

488 4® Aprilis. A. 1786.

" rather be considered as the Seat of the Hind& Re- " to the Company their vail Poflessions, than even the< " ligion, than as the Capital of a ( Province. But as its " Force of Arms, however formidable, could do." The " Inhabitants are not composed of Hindus only, the President of Calcutta testified his Approbation of the said " former Wealth which flowed into it from the Offerings Harpers Conduct in the strongest Terms, that is in the " of Pilgrims, as well as from the Transactions of Ex- following: "Your Difinterestedness has been equally " change, for which its central Situation is adapted, has " distinguishable as your Abilities, and both do you the " attracted Numbers of Mahomedans, who Hill continue " greatest Honour."

" to relide in it with their Families." And these Cir- IV. That the Agreement between the Rajah and Na-cumstances of the City of Benares, which not only bob aforesaid continued on both Sides without any Vio-attracted the Attention of all the different Descriptions lation, under the Sanction and Guarantee of the East of Men who inhabit Hindostan, but interested them India Company for Three Years; when Warren Hastings, warmly in whatever it might suffer, did, in a peculiar Esquire, being then President, did propose a further Con-Manner require, that the Governor General and Council Urination of the said Grant; and did, on the 12th of of Calcutta should conduct themselves with regard to its October 1773, obtain a Delegation for himself to be the Rulers and Inhabitants, when it became dependant on Person to negociate the fame: it being his Opinion, as the Company, on the most distinguished Principles of expressed in his Report of 4th, 1773, that the

good Faith, Equity, Moderation, and Mildness. Rajah was not only entitled to the Inheritance of his

II. That the Rajah Bulwant Sing, late Prince or Ze- Zemindary by the Grants through Captain Harper, but mindar of the Province aforesaid, was a great Lord of the that the preceding Treaty of IUiabad, though literally ex-Mogui Empire, dependant on the fame, through the pressing no more than a Security personal to

Vizier of the Empire, the late Sujah ul Dowla, Nabob Sing, did notwithstanding, in the true Sense and Import of Oude; and the said Bulwant Sing, in the Commence- thereof, extend to his Posterity; " and that it had been ment of the English Power, did attach himself to the " differently understood (that is not literally) by the Com-Cause of the English Company; and the Court of Di- " pany, and by this Administration; and the Vizier had rectors of the said Company did acknow ledge, in their " before put it out of all Dispute, by the solemn Act Letter of the 26th of May 1768, that " Bulwant Sing's " passed in the Rajah's Favour on his Succession to the " joining us, at the Time he did, was of signal Service, " Zemindary."

" and the Stipulation in his Favour was what he was V. That the Council, in their Instructions to the said

justly entitled to:" — and they did commend "the Governor did impower him " to in Behalf

Care that had been taken (by the then Presidency) of " of the Rajah Cheit Sing, the Stipulation which was " those that had shewn their Attachment to them (the " formerly made with the Vizier, in Consideration of his " Company) during the War;" and they did finally " Services in 1764;"and the Governmentwas accordingly express their Hope and Expectation in the Words fol- settled on the Rajah and his Posterity, or to his Heirs, on lowing: " The Moderation and Attention paid to those the same Footing on which it was granted to his laid " who have espoused our Interests in this War, will Father, excepting the Addition aforesaid to the Tribute;

" restore our Reputation in Hindostan, and that the with an express Provision, " that no Encrease shall ever " Indian Powers will be convinced NO Breach of " hereafter be demanded." And the Grant and Stipu-

" Treaty will ever have our Sanction." lation aforesaid was further confirmed by the said Sujah

III. That the Rajah Buhcaht Sing died on the 23d ul Dowla, under the Company’s Guarantee, by the moll

of August 1770, and his Son, Cheit Sing, succeeding to Iblcmn and awful Form of Oath known in the Mahomedan his Rights and Pretensions, the Presidency of Calcutta Religion, inserted in the Body of the Deed or Grant; and (John Cartier, Esquire, being then President) did inllruft the said Hastings, strongly imprefied with the

Captain Gabriel Harper to procure a Confirmation of Opinion of the Propriety of protecting the Rajah, and of the Succession to his Son Cheit Sing, " as it was of the the Injustice, Malice, and Avarice of the said Sujah

" utmost political Import to the Company’s Affairs; Dowla, and the known Family Enmity fubfilting between and that the young Man ought not to consider the him and the Rajah, did declare, in his Report to the " Price to be paid to satisfy the Vizier's Jealousy and Council, as follows: "I am well convinced that the " Avarice." And they did further declare as follows: " Rajah’s Inheritance, and perhaps his Life, are no

" The strong and inviolable Attachment which subsisted " longer safe than while he enjoys the Company’s Probetwixt the Company and the Father, makes us most " testion, which is his Due by the Ties of Justice, and " readily interpole our good Offices for the Son." And " the Obligations of public Faith."

the young Rajah aforesaid having agreed, under the VI. That some Time after the new Confirmation afore-Mediation of Captain Harper, to pay near Two hundred said, that is to lay, in the Year 1774, the Governor thousand Pounds as a Gift to the said Vizier, and to General and Council, which had been formed, and the increase his Tribute by near Thirty thousand Pounds Members thereof appointed, by Act of Parliament, did Annually, a Deed of Confirmation was passed by the said obtain the Assignment of the Sovereignty Paramount of Vizier to the said Rajah, and his Heirs, by which he the said Government by Treaty with the Nabob of became a Purchaser for valuable Considerations of his Oude; by which, although the supreme Dominion was Right and Inheritance in the Zemindary aforesaid. In changed, the Terms and the Conditions of the Tenure of consequence of this Grant, lo by him purchased, the the Rajah of Benares remained; as the said Nabob of Rajah was Iblemnly inverted with the Government in Oude could transfer to the East India Company no other the City of Benares, " amidst the Acclamations of a or greater Estate than he. himself possessed in or over the " numerous People, and to the great Satisfaction of all said Zemindary. But, to obviate any Misconttruction on " Parties." And the said Harper, in his Letter of the the Subject, the said JVarren Hastings did propose to 8th October 1770, giving an Account of the Investiture the Board, that whatever Provision might in the said aforesaid, did express himself in these Words: " I will Treaty be made for the Interest of the Company, the " leave the young Rajah, and others, to acquaint you same should be " without an Encroachment on the just " how I have conducted myself: only thus much let me " Rights of the Rajah, or the Engagements actually " say, that I have kept a strict Eye not to diminish our subsisting with him."

" National Honour, Difinterestedness, and Justice; which VII. That the said JVarren Hastings then having,

I will conclude has had a greater Effect in securing or pretending to have, an extraordinary Care of the

Interest

0,6 Geo. III.

4" Apritis.

489

Interest of the Rajah of Benares, did, on his Transfer of the Sovereignty, propose a new Grant to be conveyed in new Instruments to the said Rajah, conferring upon him further Privileges; namely, die Addition of the Sovereign Rights of the Mint, and of the Right of Criminal Justice of Life and Death: and he the said Warren Hastings, as Governor General, did himself propose the Resolutiom for that Purpose in Council, in the following Words, with Remarks explanatory of the Principles upon which the Grants aforesaid were made: namely,

Minute.

VIII. " That the perpetual and independent Possesfion of the Zemindary of Band its Dependendes, be confirmed and guarantied to the Rajah Chat " Sing, and his Heirs, for ever, subject only to the " Annual Payment of the Revenues hitherto paid to the " late Vizier, amounting Benares S" Rupees, 23,71,656.

" 12, to be disposed of as is expressed in the following " Article: That no other Demand be made on him,

" either by the Nabob of Oude, or this Government',

" nor any Kind of Authority or Jurisdiction be exercised " by either within the Districts assigned ."To which Minute he, the said Warren Hastings, did fub-join the following Observation in Writing, and recorded therewith in the Council Books, that is to say: " The " Rajah of Benares, from the Situation of his Country, u which is a Frontier to the Provinces of Oude and " Bahar, may be made a serviceable Ally to the Comparty, whenever their Affairs shall require it. He has " always been considei'ed in this Light both by the Com- party and the successive Members of the late Council; " but, to insure his Attachment to the Company, his " Interest must be connected with it, which cannot be " better effected than by freeing him totally from the REMAINS of his present Vassalage, under the " Guarantee and Protection of the Company', and at " the same Time guarding him against any Apprehensions " from this Government, by thus pledging its Faith that " no Encroachment shall ever be made on his Righ ts by " the Company." And the said Warren Hastings, on the 5th of July 1775, did himself propose, among other Articles of the Treaty relative to this Object, one of the following Tenor: " That whilst the Rajah shall continue " faithful to these Engagements, and punctual in his " Payments, and shall pay due Obedience to the Authority of this Government, no more Demands shall be " made upon him by the Honourable Company, of " ANY KIND; or, on any Pretence whatsoever, shall " any Person be allowed to interfere with his Authority, " or to disturb the Peace of his Country." And the said Article was by the other Members of the Council assented to without Debate.

IX. On transferring die Rajah’s Tribute from the Nabob to the Company, the Stipulation with the Nabob was renewed on the Proposition of the said Warren Hastings himself, and expressed in a yet more distinCfc Manner; namely, "That no more Demands shall be " made upon him, by the Honourable Company, of any " Kindand the said Warren Hastings, in J unification of his Proposal of giving the Rajah " a complete and " uncontrolled Authority over his- Zemindary," did enter on the Coundl Book the following Reasons for investing . him with the fame; strongly indicating the Situation in which he must be left under any other Circumstances, whether under the Nabob of Oude, or under the English, or under the double Influence of both: " That the Se- curity of his. Person and Possessions, from the Company’s Protection, may be rated equal to many Lacks u of- Rupees; which, though saved to , are no Loss " to the Government on which he depends, being all Artides of invisible Expence; in Fees to the Ministers and

Vol. 41.

" Officers of the stabob; in the Charged of a double Charge* Establishment of Vackeels to both Governments; ih " Presents and Charges of Accommodation to the 6*

" Nabob, during his Resideirce at any Place within the " Boundaries of his Zemindary; in the Frauds, Embezzlements, and Oppressions exercised in the Mint and " Cutwally; besides the allowed Profits of those Officers,

" and the Advantages which every Man in occasional " Power, or in the Credit of it, might make of the Rajah’s known Weakness,- and the Dread he flood in both of the Displeasure of the Nabob,- and the ill Will " of Individuals among the English, who were all can*

" sidered, either in their present Stations or Connections,

" or the Rigkt of Succession, as Members of the State of " Bengal. It would be fcaree possible to enumerate all " the Inconveniences- to' which the Rajah was liable m " his former Situation, or to eftiraate the precise Effect " which they produced on his Revenue, arid on the gross " Amount of his Expence; but it may be easily conceived, that both were enormous, and of a Nature " the most likely to lessen the Profits of Government,

" instead of adding to them." And in Justification of his Proposal of giving the Rajah the Symbols of Sovereignty in the Power of Life and Death, and in the Coming of Money, as Pledges of his Independence, he Hates the deplorable Situation of Princes reduced to Dependance on the Vizier, or the Company, and obliged to entertain an English Resident at their Court, in the following Words: " It is proposed to receive the Payment of his (the Rajah’s) Rents at Patna, because " that is the nearest Provincial Station, and because it " would not frustrate the Intention of rendering the " Rajah independent. If a Resident was appointed to receive the Money, as it became due, at Benares, such " a Resident would unavoidably acquire an Influence " over the Rajah, and over his Country, which would in " Effect render him the Master of both. This Consequence might not perhaps be brought completely to " pals without a Struggle, and many Appeals to Council,

" which, in a Government constituted like this, cannot " fail to terminate against the Rajah; and, by the Construetkm to which his Opposition to the Agent would " be liable, might eventually draw on him severe Restricturns, and in reducing him to the mean and depraved

" State of a mere Zemindar."

X. That in order to satisfy the said Rajah of the In-. tentions of the Company towards him, and of the true; Sense and Construction of the Grants to him, the said

Rajah, to be made, the Governor General (he the said Warren Hastings) and Council did, on the 24th August 1775, instruct Mr. Fowke, the Resident at the Rajah’s Court, in the following Words: " It is proper to assure the Rajah. we do not mean to encrease his Tribute, but to require from him an exact Sum. That, under the Sovereignty of the Company, we are determined to leave him the free and uncontrolled Management of the internal Government of his Country, and the Collection and Regulation of the Revenues, so long as he.adheres to the Terms of his Engagement; and will never demand any Augmentation of the Annual Tribute which may be fixed."

XI. That the said Warren Hastings and the Council General, not being satisfied with having instructed the Resident to make the Representation aforesaid, to remove all Suspicion that by the new Grants any Attempt should infrdiously be made to change his former Tenure, did resolve, that a Letter should be written by the Governor General himself to the Rajah of Benares, to be delivered to Mr. Foicke the Resident, together with his Credentials, in which Letter they declare " the Board willing to continue the Grant of the " Zemindary to him, in as full and ample a Manner as he possessed it from former Sovereigns; and on his

6 1 " paying

490 4* ApriUs.178

" paying the Annnal Tribute, $$c* And in explaining the Reaioos for granting to him die Mint and Criminal Justice, they inform him, that this is done in order " that he may pofleis an uncontrolled and free Authority in the Regulation and Government of his

" Zemindary."

XII. That, on the 26th Febr 1776, the Board and Council did order that the proper Instruments should be prepared for conveyiag to the Rajah aforesaid the Government and Criminal Justice and Mint of Benares, with its Dependencies, " in die usual Form;

" expressing the Conditions already on in the

" several Proceedings of the Board." And on the same Day a Letter was written to the Resident at Benares, signifying that they had ordered the proper Irtstruments to be prepared, spedlying the Terms concerning the Remittance of the Rajah’s Tribute to Calcutta, as well as " the several other Conditions which had betn already " agreed to; and that they should forward it to him,

" to be delivered to the Rajah." And on the 2©th of March following the Board did again explain the Terms of the said Tribute in a Letter to the Court of Directors; and did add, " that a Sunnud (Grant " or Patent) for his f Chat Sing’s) Zemindary should " be furaished him, on these, and the Conditions before " agreed on."

XIII. That during the Course of the Transactions

aforesaid in Council, and the various Assurances given to the Rajah and the Court of Directors, certain improper and fraudulent Practices were used with regard to the Symbols of Investiture which ought to have been given, and the Form of the Deeds by which the said Zemindary ought to have been granted; for it appears that the original Deeds were signed by the Board on the 4th September 1775, and transmitted to Mr. Fowke, the Resident at the Rajah’s Court; and that, on the 20th of November following, the Court of Directors were acquainted, by the said Warren Hastings and the Council, that Rajah Cheit Sing had been invested with the Sunnud (Charters or Patents) for his Zemindary, and the Kellaut (or Robes of Investiture) in all the proper Forms. But, on the lft of October 1775, the Rajah did complain to the Governor General and Council, that the Kellaut (or Robes) with which he was to be invested, according to their Order, " is not of the same Kind as that which he " received from the late Vizier on the like Occasion." In Consequence of the said Complaint, the Board did, in their Letter to the Resident of the 11th of the same Month, desire him ((to make Inquiry respecting the " Nature of the Kellaut, and invest him with one of the " same Sort, on the Part of this Government, instead of

" that which they formerly described to him." And it appears highly probable, that the Instruments which accompanied the said Robes of Investiture were made in a Manner conformable to the Orders and Directions of the Board, and the Conditions by them agreed to; as the Rajah, who complained of the Insufficiency of the Robes, did make no Complaint of the Insufficiency of the Instruments, or of any Deviation in them from those he had formerly received from the Vizier. But a Copy or Duplicate of the said Deeds or Instruments were in some Manner surreptitiously disposed of and withheld from the Records of the , and, never were

transmitted to the Court of Directors.

XIV. That several Months after the said Settlement and Investiture, namely, on the 15th of April 1776, the Secretary informed the Court that he bad prepared a Sunnud, Cabbolut, and Pottah (that is, a Patent, an Agreement, and Rent Roll) for Cheit Sing's Zemindary; and the Board ordered the same to be executed. But the Resident, on receiving the fame, did transmit the several Objections made by the Rajah thereto, and particularly to a Clause in the Patent, made in direct Con-

tradiction to the Engagements of the Council lb folcmuly and repeatedly given; by which Clause the former Patents are declared to he null. That on the Repre-

fentation aforesaid, on the 29th July, the Secretary was ordered to prepare new and proper instruments, omitting the Clause declaring the former Patents to be null, and the said new Patents were delivered to the Rajah; and the others which he objected to, as well as those which had been delivered to him originally, were returned to the Presidency. But neither the first Set of Deeds, nor the fraudulent Patent aforesaid, nor the new Instruments made out on the Complaint of the Rajah, omitting the exceptionable Words, have been inserted in the Records, although it was the particular Duty of the said Warren Hast’mgs that all Transactions with the Country Powers should be faithfully entered; as well as to take Care that all Instruments transmitted to them, on the Faith of the Company, should be honestly, candidly, and fairly executed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Engagements entered into on the Part of the Company; giving, by the said complicated, artificial, and fraudulent Management, as well as by his said omitting to record the said material Document, strong Reason to presume that he did even then meditate to make some evil Use of the Deeds which he thus withheld from the Company, and which he did afterwards in reality make, when he found Means and Opportunity to effect his evil Purpose.

PART lid.

Designs of Mr. Hastings to ruin the Rajah of Benares.

I. That the Tribute transferred to the Company, by the Treaty with the Nabob of Oude, being 250,000l. a Year Sterling, and upwards, without any Deductions whatsoever, was paid Monthly, with such pundual Ex-adnels, as had no Parallel in the Company’s Dealings with any of the native Princes, or with any Subject Zemindar, being the only one who never was in Arrears; and, according to all Appearance, a perfect Harmony did prevail between the Supreme Council at Calcutta and the Rajah. But though the Rajah of Benares furaished no Occasion of Displeasure to the Board, yet it since appears that the said Warren Hastings did, at some Time in the Year 1777, conceive Displeasure against him. In that Year, he, the said Warren Hastings, retracted his own Ad of Resignation of his Office, made to the Court of Directors through his Agent Mr. Macleane; and, calling in the Aid of the Military to support him in his Authority, brought the Divisions of the Government, according to his own Expression, " to an Extremity bordering on Civil Violence." This Extremity he attributes, in a Narrative by him transmitted to the Court of Directors, and printed, not to his own Fraud and Prevarication, but to what he calls " an Attempt to wrest from him his Authority;" and in the said Narrative he pretends that the Rajah of Benares had deputed an Agent, with an express Commission, to his Opponent Sir Jolm Covering. — This Fad, if it had been true (which is not proved) was in no fort criminal or offensive to the Company’s Government; but was at first Sight nothing more than a proper Mark of Duty and Respect to the ftipposed Succession of Office. Nor is it possible to conceive in what Manner it could offend the said,

if he did not imagine that the express Commission, to which in the said Narrative he refers, ought relate to the Discovery to Sir John Clavering of some Practice which he might with to conceal; the feud Clavering, whom he styles " his Opponenthaving been engaged, in Obedience to

the Company’s express Orders, in the Discovery of sundry Peculations, and, other evik Practices, charged upon the said Hastings. Bat although, at the Time

46 Geo. III.

4° jfprilis. 491

of the said pretended Deputation, he difietnbled his Refen tment, it appears to havel rankled in hit mind, and that he never forgave it, of whatever Nature it might have been (the same never having been- by him explained); and fouae Years after he recorded ft in his Justification of his oppressive Conduct towards the Ha* jah, urging the fame, with great Virulence and Asperity, as a Proof or Presumption of his the ' laid Rajah s Dif-affeSion to the Company’s Government; and, by his subsequent Acts, he seems from the first to have relieved, when Opportunity should occur, on a severe Revenge.

II. That having obtained, in his casting Vote, a Majority in Council, on the Death of Sir

vering and Mr. Monson, he did suddenly, and without any previous general Communication with the Members of the Board, by a Minute of Confutation of the 9th of July 1778, make an extraordinary Demand, namely, " that the Rajah of Benares should " consent to the Establishment of Three regular Battalions of Sepoys, to be raised and maintained at his " own Expence;" and the said Expence was estimated

at between Fifty and Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling.

III. That the said Requisition did suppose the Consent of the Rajah, the very Word being inserted in the Body of his, the fuA'Warren Hastings, Minute; and the same was agreed to, though with some Doubts on the Parts of Two of his Colleagues, Mr. Fronds and Mr. Wheeler, concerning the Right of making the lame, even worded as it was. But Mr. Francis and Mr. Wheeler soon after finding that the Rajah was much alarmed by this Departure from the Treaty, the Requisition aforesaid was strenuoully of-posed by them. The said Hastings did, notwithstanding this Opposition, persevere; and by his casting Vote alone did carry the said unjust and oppressive Demand. The Rajah submitted, after some Murmuring and Remonstrance, to pay the Sum required; but on the exprefe Condition (as has been frequently asserted by him to the said Warren Hastings, without any Con-tradition) that the Exaction should continue but for One Year, and should not be drawn into Precedent. He also requested that the extraordinary Demand should be paid along with the Instalments of his Monthly Tribute: but although the said Warren Hastings did not so much as pretend that the Instant Payment was at all necessary, and though he was urged by his before-mentioned Colleagues to moderate his Proceedings, he did insist upon immediate Payment of the Whole; and did deliver his Demand in proud and insulting Language, wholly unfit for a Governor of a civilized Nation to use towards eminent Persons in Alliance with, and in honourable and free Dependence upon, its Government; and did support the same with Arguments full of unwarrantable Passion, and with References to Reports affecting merely his own personal Power and Consideration, which Reports were not proved, nor attempted to be proved; and, if proved, furnishing Reasons insufficient for his Purpose, and indecent in any public Proceedings. That the said Hastings did cause the find Sums of Money to be rigorously exactod, although no such regular Battalions, as he pretended to establish as a Colour for his Demand on the Rajah, were then rttifed, or any Stepr taken' towards raising the m. And when the said Rajah pleaded1 his Inability to pay the whole Sam at' onoe, be, the said Hastings, persevering in his find outrageoos and violent Demeanour, did order the Resident to whit on the Rajah forthwith, and *‘demand of him in ' Person, and by Writing, the full u Payment in Specie to be made to him within Five Days of such Demand; and to declare to him, in the Name of thie Government, that his evading " or negating to acoomplish' ihe Payment thereof within tbit Space1 of Time,’should be dtoased equi-

Vql. 41.

" valent to an- absolute Jlejvsol; and in; case ..of Non- Charges’

compliance with this (the. Resident’s) Demand, zee again* Mr.’ " peremptorily etpoin you to refrain , from all further T laitmgs.

" Intercourse with himthe said Hastings appearing,

by all his Proceedings, to be more disposed to bring on a Quarrel with the Prince of Benares, than to pro- . vide Money for any Public Service.

IV. That the said. Demand was complied with, and the Whole thereof pud on the 10th of October that -Year. And Ihe said Rajah did write to the said Hastings a Letter, in order to mitigate and mollify

him, declaring to the said Hastings, that his foie Reliance was on him, " and that in every Instance he " depended on his Faith, Religion, Promiles, and " Actions." But he, the said Warren Hastings, as if the being reminded of his Faith and Promises were an Incentive to him to violate the fame, although he bad agreed that his Demand should not be drawn into Precedent, and the Payment of the 50,000 aforesaid should continue only for One Year, did, the very Day after he had received the Letter aforesaid, renew a Demand of the same Nature, and on the same Pretence, this Year, even less plausible than the former, of Three Battalions to be raised. The said Rajah, on being informed of this Requisition, did remind the said Warren Hastings that he engaged, in the last Year, that but One Payment should be made,-and that he should not be called upon in future; and pleading Inability to discharge the new Demand, declared himself in the following Words to the said Warren Hastings: " I am therefore hopeful you will " be kindly pleased to excuse me the Five Lacks " now demanded, and that n^hing may be demanded of me beyond the Amount expressed in the " Pottah."

V. That on the Day after the Receipt of this Letter, that is, on the 28th August 1779, he, the said Warren Hastings, made a Reply to the said Letter; and, without any Remark whatsoever on the Allegation of the Rajah, stating to him his Engagement that he, the said Rajah, should not be called upon in future, he fays, " I now repeat my Demand, that " you do, on the Receipt or this, without Evasion " or Delay, - pay the Five Lack of Rupees into the

" Hands of Mr. Thomas Graham.,who has Orders to " receive ft from you; and, in case of your Refusal,

" to summon the Two Battalions of Sepoys, under " the Command of Major Comae, to Benares, that " Measures may he taken to oblige you to a Compliance; and, in this Cafe, the whole Expence of the from the Time of its March, will fall on " you.

VI. That the said Rajah ’did a Second and Third

Time represent to the said Warren Hastings, that he bad broke his Prounfe, and the said Hastings did in no Manner deny the fame; but did, in Contempt thereof, as well as of the original Treaty between the Company and the Rajah, order Two Battalions of Troops to march into his Territories, and, in a Manner the most harsh, insulting, and despotic, as if to provoke that Prince to feme A ft of Resistance, did compel him to the Payment of the find Second unjust Demand; and did extort also the Sum of 2,000, on Pretence of the Charge of the Troops employed to coerce him. 1

VII. That the Third Year, that is to fey, in the Year 1780, the same Demand was, with the same Menaces, renewed; and did, as before, produce fevered humble Remonstrances and fobmiffive Complaints, which the said Hastings did always treat as Crimes and Offences of the highest Order: And although in the regular Subsidy or Tribute, which was Monthly payable by Treaty, Fifty Days of Grace were allowed on each Payment, and after the Expiration of the said Fifty Days One Quarter jOer' Cent. only was provided as a Penalty! ho, the said Warren

Hastings

49*

4a Aprili

A1786.

Charge* Hastings* 00 feme short Delay of Payment of his Third Munft Mr. arbitrary and illegal Demand, did presume, of his own ""*"* Authority, to impose a Fine or MulQ; of 10,000l. on the said Rajah: and though it does not appear whether or no the same was actually levied, the said Threat was soon after followed by an Order, from the said Hastings, for the March of Troops into the Country of Benares, as in the preceding Year.

VIII. That these violent and insulting Measures failing to provoke the Rajah, and he having paid up the whole Demand, the said Warren Hastings being reiolVed to drive him to Extremities, did make on the said Rajah a sudden Demand, over and above the ordinary Tribute or Subsidy of 260,000l. per Annum, and over and above the 50,000l. extraordinary, to provide a Body of Cavalry for the Service of the Bengal Government.

IX. The Demand, as expressed in the Minute of Consultation, and in the Public Instructions of the Board to the Resident, to make the Requisition, is

" for such Part of the Cavalry entertained in his Ser-

" vice as he can spare;" and the Demand is in this, and in no other Manner, described by the Governor General and Council in their Letter to the Court of Directors. But in a Narrative of the said Warren Hastings's, addressed to Edward Wheeler, Esquire, it appears, that upon the Rajah’s making Difficulties, according to the Representation of the said Hastings, relative to the said Requisition, the Correspondence concerning which the said Hastings hath fraudulently suppressed, he, the said Hastings, instead of adhering to the Requisition of such Cavalry as the Rajah could spare, and which^pvas all that by the Order of Council he was authorized to make, did of his own private and arbitrary Authority, in some Letter which he hath suppressed, instruct the Resident Markham to make a peremptory Demand for 2,000 Cavalry, which he well knew to be more than the Rajah’s Finances could support, estimating the Provision for the same at 96,000 /. a Year at foe. lowest, though foe Expence of the same would probably have been much more;, which extravagant Demand . the said Hasting could only have made in Hopes of provoking foe Rajah to some imprudent Meafore, or passionate Re-monftrance. And this arbitrary Demand of Cavalry was made, and peremptorily infilled on, although in the original Treaty with foe said Rajah it was left entirely optional whether or not he should keep up any Cavalry at all; and in the Minute of Consultation it was exprefely mentioned to be thus optional; and that for whatsoever Cavalry he, foe said 1 Rajab, should fornish, he should be paid 15 Rupees per Month for each ’ Private, mid lb in Proportion for Officers; yet foe Demand aforesaid was made without any Offer whatsoever of providing foe laid Payment according to Treaty.

X. That foe said Hastings did soon after, but upon what Grounds does not appear by any Minute of Council, or from any Correspondence contained in his Narrative, reduce the Demand to Fifteen thousand, and afterwards to One thousand; by which he shewed himself to be sensible of foe Extravagance of his First Requisition.

XI. That in consequence of these Requisitions, as he afierta in his Narrative aforesaid, the Rajah did " offer Two hundred and Fifty Horse, but sent none." But the said Hastings doth not accompany his said Narrative with any Voucher or Document whatever; and therefore foe Account given by foe Rajah, and delivered to the find Warren Hastings himself, inserted by the said Warren Hastings himself in his Narrative, and in no Part thereof attempted to be impeached, is more worthy of Credit; that is to lay;

" With respect to the Horse, you desired me in " your Letter to inform you of what Number I could " afford to station with you. I sent you a particular

" Account of all that were in my Service, amounting ‘‘ to One fooufend Three hundred Horse, of which " several were Rationed at distant Places; but I received no Answer to this. Mr. Markham delivered " me an Order to prepare a Thousand Horse. In " Compliance with your Wishes, I collected Five hundred Horse, and a Substitute for foe Remainder, " Five hundred Burkundafies [Matchlock Men] of << which I sent you Information; and I told Mr. Markham that they were ready to go to whatever Place " they should be sent No Answer, however, came " from you on this Head, and I remained actonished at foe Cause of it Repeatedly I asked " Mr. Markham about an Answer to my Letter " about the Horse; but he told me that he did not " know foe Reason of no Answer having been sent " I remained astonished."

XII. That the said Hastings is guilty of an high Offence in not giving an Answer to Letters of such Importance, and in concealing foe said Letters from foe Court of Directors, as well as much of his Correspondence with the Residents; and more particularly in not directing to what Place the Cavalry and Matchlock Men aforesaid should be sent, when the Rajah had declared they were ready to go to whatever Service should be destined for them, and afterwards in maliciously accusing foe Rajah for not having sent foe fame.

XIII. That, on the 3d of February 1781, a new

Demand for the Support of foe Three fictitious Battalions of Sepoys aforesaid, was made by the said Warren Hastings; but, whilst foe Rajah was paying

by Instalments foe laid arbitrary Demand, the said Rajah was alarmed with some Intelligence of secret Projects on Foot for his Ruin: and being well apprized of foe malicious and revengeful Temper of foe said Hastings, in order to pacify him, if poffihle, offered to redeem himself by a large Ranfbm, to the Amount of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be paid for the Use of foe Company. And it appears that foe said Alarm was far from groundless; for Major Palmer, One of the Secret and Confidential Agents of foe said Hastings, hath sworn, on the 4th of December 1781, at foe Desire of foe said Warren Hastings, before Sir Elijah Impey, to the folio wing Effect; that is to lay, "That tire said " Warren Hastings had told him, foe said Palmer, that " he, the said Hastings had rejected foe Offer of Two " hundred thousand Pounds made by foe Rajah of Benares for the Public Service; and that he was f‘ resolved to convert the Faults committed by the

" jah into a Public Benefit, and would exact the Sum " of 500,000l. as a Funi foment for his Breach of " Engagements with foe Government of Bengal, and " Afits of Mifeonduft in his Zemindary; and, if " foe Rajah should absolutely refuse foe Demand, " that he would deprive him of his Zemindary, or " transfer foe Sovereignty thereof to the Nabob of " Oude"

XIV. And Mr. Anderson, in his Declaration from

Scindia's Camp, of foe 4th of January 1782, did also, at foe Desire of Mr. Hastings, depose (though not on Oath] concerning a Conversation between him and foe said Hastings (but mentioning neither foe Time nor Place where foe same was held); in which Conversation, after reciting the Allegations of the said Hastings, relative to several Particulars of foe Delay and Backwardness of the Rajah in paying foe aforesaid extra Demand, and his Resolution to exact; from the Rajah " a considerable Sum of Money to " foe Relief of the Company’s Exigencies," he proceeds in foe following Words: " That if he (foe Kajah) contented, you (foe laid Warren )

" were desirous of establishing his possessions on the most " permanent and eligible Footing’, hot if he refused, " you had it in your Power to raise a large Sum for

" foe

by

.]jil'Mi

d6 Geo. III. 4 *\Apriii$.495

" the Company, by accepting ah Offer'which had been " unfavourable to the Credit of our Government, and to Charges " made for his Dittrich by the Vizier." And the said " his own Reputation, from the natural Influence which Anderson, in the Declaration aforesaid, made at . the " every exercised in the Persons of Men 1 r‘ uns&

ReqiuTtof the said Hastings, and addressed to him, " in elevated Situations, is apt to impress on those who expressed himself as follows: " That you told me you " are too remote from the Scene of Action to judge,

" had communicated our Delians to Mr. IVhcler(his " by any Evidence of the FaCis themselves, of their.

" only remaining Colleague); and I believe, but I do " Motives or Propriety." And the Second Attempt,

" not positively recoiled, you laid he concurred in the Sum of Money which he aimed at by attacking " them." . But no Trace of any such Communication the Fortresses of the Rajah, and plundering them of or Concurrence did, at the Time referred to, or at any the Treasurc supposed to be there secured, besides the Time ever after, apj>ear on the Consultations, as it obvipus Uncertainty of acquiring what was thus fought, ought to have done; and the said Hastings is criminal, w ould be liable to the same Imputations with the former, for having omitted to enter and record the Proceeding. And with regard to the Third Project, namely, the Sale That the said IVhelerdid also declare, but a considerable of the Company’s Sovereignty to the Nabob of Oude, and Time after the Date of the Conversations aforesaid, that his having actually received Proposals for the fame, it " on the Eve of the Governor General’s Departure, the was an high Offence to the Company, as presuming,

" said Hastings had told him, that the Rajah s Offences without their Authority or Consent, to put up to Sale " (not stating what Offences, he having paid up all their Sovereign Rights; and particularly to put them

the Demands, ordinary and extraordinary) were up to Sale to that very Person, against whom the Inde*

- declared to require early Punishment; and as his peudence of the said Province had been declared by " IVealth was great, and the Company's Exigencies the Governor General and Council to be necessary, as " pressing, it was thought a Measur of Policy and a Barrier for the Security of the other Provinces, in " of Justice to exact from him a large pecuniary case of a future Rupture with him. It was an heinous

MulCt for their Relief. The Sum to which the Injury to the said Rajah, to attempt to change his

" Governor declared his Resolution to extend the Fine,- Relation without his Consent, especially on Account " was Forty or Fifty Lacks; his Ability to pay it, was of the Person to whom be was to be made over for " stated as a Fact that could not admit of a Doubt; Money, by real’on of the known Enmity subsisting be-

" and the Two Alternatives, on which the Governor tween his Family and that.of the Nabob, who was to

" declared himself to have resolved, were, to the be the Purchaser; and it was a grievous Outrage on

" best of my Recollection, either a Removal from the innocent Inhabitants of the Zemindary of

" his Zemindary entirely; or, by taking immediate to propose putting them under a Person long before " Pofletfion of all his Forts, to obtain out of the described by himself, to the Court of Directors, "to

" Treasure deposited in them the above Sum for the " want the Qualities of the Head and Heart requisite

" Company." " for his Station and in a Letter from the British

XV. That, in the Declaration of the said JVheler, Resident at Oude, transmitted to the said Court, re*

the Time of the Conversation aforesaid is stated to be presents him " to have wholly loft, by his Oppressions, on the Eve of the Governor’s Departure, and then " the Confidence and Afteftions of his own Subjects;" said to be Confidential; nor is it said or insinuated and whole Diffreffes, and the known Disorders in his that be knew or ever heard thereof at a more early Government, he, the said Hastings, did attribute lolely Period; though it appears by Major Palmer's Affida- to his own bad Conduct and evil Character: Admit* vit, thnt the Design of taking not Four or Five, but ting also, in a Letter written to Edzcard IVheler, Esquire, absolutely Five hundred thousand Pounds from the and transmitted to the Court of Directors, " that many Rajah, was communicated to him as early as. the " Circumstances did favour Suspicion of his (the said Mouth of June. And it does not appear, by the De- " Nabob’s Fidelity to the English Interest, the Nabob clarations of the said IVheler, he did ever casually, or " being surrounded by Men base in their Characters, and officially approve Of the Measure; which long Con- *' improvident in their Understandings, his Favourites cealment and late Communication, Time not -being " and las Companions of his looser Hours. These had

allowed to his Colleague to consider the Nature and " every Caule to dread the Effect of my Influence on

Consequences of such a Project, or to ad vile any Pre- " theirs; and both these, and the Relations of the caution concerning the same, is a high Misdemeanour. " family, whose Views of Consequence and Power

XVI. That the said Hastings, having formed a Re- " were intercepted by our Participation in the Admini-

solution to execute One of the Three violent and arbi- " fixation of his Affairs, entertained a mortal Hatred to trary Resolutions aforesaid, namely, to fell the Company’s " our Nation, and openly avowed it.’* And the said

Sovereignty over Benares to the Nabob of Oude; or to Hastings was well aware, that in case the Nabob, by

dispoflel’s the Rajah of his Territories; or to seize upon him described in the Manner aforesaid, on making such Lis Forts, and to plunder them of the Treasure therein Purchase, should continue to observe the Terms of his contained, to the Amount of Four or Five hundred Father’s original Covenants and Engagements with the

thousand Pounds } did reject the Offer of Two hundred Rajab, and should pay the Company the only Tribute

thousand Pounds, tendered by the said Rajah for his which lie could lawfully exact from the said Rajah; it

Redemption from the Injuries which he had discovered was impossible that he could, for the mere naked and

that the said Hastings had clandestinely meditated against unprofitable Rights of a Sovereignty Paramount, afford him, although the Sum aforesaid would have been a to offer so great a Sum as the Rajah did offer to th^ considerable and leasonable Acquisition at that Time; said Hastings, for his Redemption from Oppressiou. the said Hastings being determined, at a critical Period, Such an Acquisition to the Nabob (while he kept his to rilk the Exifience of the British Empire, rather than Faith) could not possibly be of any Advantage whatever fail in the Gratification of his Revenge against the to him; and that therefore, if a great Sum was to be said Rajab. paid by the Nabob of Oude, it must be for the Purpose

XVII. That the First of his Three instituted Pror of Oppression, and Violation of Public Faith, to be jects, namely, the depriving the Rajab of his Terri- perpetrated in the Person of the said Nabob, to an tories, was by himself considered as a Measure likely Extent and in a Manner which the said Hastings was to be productive of much Odium to the British Go- then apprehensive he could not justify to the Court of vefnment; he having declared, whatever Opinions he . Directors, as his own personal A3.

might entertain of its Justice, " That it would have an " Appearance of Severity; and might fumish Grounds

Vol. 41. *6 6 K PART;

494

4° Aprilis.

A. 178&.

PART Illd.

Guard or Attendance whatsoever, entreated his Favour;

Anri hairier rwvivprl with <rrant Stemnpf« Armannpp

I. That the said JVarren Hastings, being resolved on tune to his Dispo&l, and then departed; the said the Ruin of the Rajah aforesaid, as a preliminary Step Hastings not apprehending, nor having any Reaion to thereto did, against the express Orders of the Court of apprehend, any Violence whatsoever to his Person.

Directors, remove Francis Fowke, Esquire, the Com- IV. That the said in the utmost Security,

pany's Resident at the City of Benares, without any and Freedom from Apprehension, did pursue his Journey, Complaint, or Pretence of Complaint whatsoever, but and did arrive at the City of Benares on the 14th of merely on his own Declaration, that he must have, as a August 1781, fbrae Hours before the Rajah, who soon Resident at Benares, a Person of his own special and after his Arrival, intended to pay him a Visit of Honour personal Nomination and Confidence, and not a Man and RespeQ: at his Quarters, but was by the said of the Company’s Nomination; and in the Place of the Hastings rudely and insolently forbid, until he should said Francis Fowke, thus illegally divested of his Office, receive his Permission. And the said Hastings, although did appoint thereto another Servant of the Company of he had previously determined on the Ruin of the said his own Choice. Rajab, in order to afford some Colour of Regularity and

II. That soon after he had removed the Company’s Justice to his Proceedings, did, on the Day after his Resident, he prepared for a Journey to the Upper Pro- Arrival, that is, on the 15th Day of August 1781, fend Vinces, and particularly to Benares, in order to execute to the Rajah a Charge in Writing, which, though in the wicked and perfidious Designs by him before me- formal and irregular, may be reduced to Four Articles, dilated and contrived; and although he did communi- Two general, and Two more particular. The First of cate his Purpose privately to such Persons as he thought the general being, " That he (the Rajah) had, -by the fit to entrust therewith, he did not enter any Thing on " Means of his secret Agents, endeavoured to excite the Coflfultations to that Purpose, or record the Prin- " Disordere in the Government on which he depended ciples, real or preteuded, on which he had resolved to the Second, " That he had suffered the daily Perpetra-ati, nor did he state any Guilt in the Rajah which be " tion of Robberies and Murders, even in the Streets intended to punllli, or charge him, the said Rajah, with " of Benares, to the great and public Scandal of the-entertaming any hostile Intentions, the Eflfefts of which " English Name."

were to be prevented by any strong Meafore; but on V. That it appears, that the Hastings

the contrary, he did indiiftriously conceal his real Designs is guilty of an high Offence, contrary to the fundamental from the Court of Directors, and did fallaciously enter Principles of Justice, in the said Mode of charging Mif-on the Confutations a Minute declaratory of Purposes demeanours, without any Specification of Person, or wholly different therefrom, and which supposed nothing Place, or Time, or Act, or any Offer of Specification, more than an amicable Adjustment, founded on the or Proofs by which the Party charged may be enabled Treaties between the Company and the Rajah, investing to refute the same, in order to unjustly load his Reputa-himself by his said Minute with " full Power and Autho- tion, and to prejudice him with regard to the Articles *' rity to form such Arrangements with the Rajah of more dearly specified.

Benares, for the better Government and Management VI. That the Two specified Articles relate to certain " of his Zemindary, and to perform such Acts for the DelayB: The First, with regard to the Payment of the " Improvement of the Interest which the Company Sumo of Money unjustly extorted as aforesaid; and the 4‘ possefies in it, as he shall think Jit and consonant to the Second, the Non-compliance with a Requisition of " mutual Engagements subsisting between the Company Cavalry; which Non-compliance the said Hastings (even " and the Rajahaud for this and other Purposes he if the said 'Charges had been founded) did falsely, and did invest himself with the Whole Power of the Council, in Contradiction to all Law, affirm and maintain (in his giving to himself an Authority, as if his Acts 'had been Accusetion against the Rajah, and addressing himself to the Acts of the Council itself; which, though a Power him) " to amount to a direct Charge of Disaffection and of a dangerous, unwarrantable, and illegal ‘Extent, yet " Infidelity to the Government on which you depend." does plainly imply the fdllowing Limits, namely, that the And further proceeded as Mows: " I therefore judged Acts done should be atranged with the Rajah, that is, " it proper to state them (the said Charges) thus folly to with his Consent; and, Secondly, That they should be " you in Writing, and to require your Answer; and this Consonant to the actual Engagements between the " I expect " That the said Hastings, staring

rity for depriving the Rajah of his Government, or felling the refore -calling for an immediate Answer, did wilfully the Sovereignty thereof to his hereditary Enemy, or for aft against the Rules of natural Justice, which requires the Plunder of his Fort Treasures. that a convenient Time should be given to answer, ipro-

III. That the said Warren Hastings having formed portioned >to the Greatness of the Offence akedged, au»d the Plarte aforesaid for the Ruin of the Rajab, did set the heavy Penalties which attend it; and when he did out on a Journey to the City of Benares with a great arrogate to himself a Right both to charge and to judge Train, but with a very small Force, not much ex- his own Person, be ought to have allowed the fcgah ceeding Six Companies of regular IIlack Soldiers, to foil Opportunity for conferring with his Minkfters, his perpetrate some of the nnjuft and violent Act* by trim Doctors of Law, and his Accountants, on foe Fasts meditated and resolved on: And the said Hastings was <ehaiged, and on the Criminality inferred in the said met, according to the Ufege of drftingutffied Persons m Aceufetion of DifioyaHy and Disaffection, or Offeocesuf that Country, by the Rajah of Benares, with a very great that Quality.

Attendance, both in Boats and on Shore, which Attend- VII. That the said Rajah did, under the Preflbre ance he did apparently intend as a Mnfk of Honour and of the Disadvantages aforesaid, deliver in, upon the Observance to fbe Place and Person of the said Hastings, very Evening of the Day of the Charge, a full, com-but which the said Hastings did afterwards groundlefily plete, and specific Answer to 'the Two Articles therein and maliciously represent as an Indication of a Design specified; and -did alledge, «od oflfer Proof, that the upon his Life; and the said Rajaih came into the Whole of the extraordinary Demaads of the said Pinnace in which the said Hastings was carried, and in Hastings had been actually long before paid and dif-q lowly and iuppliaut Manner, alone, and without any chained; and -did state a proper -Defence with regard

Parties; and nothing appears in the Minute conferring his pretended Fasts to amount to a Charge of the Nature the said Power, which did express or imply any Autho- (as be-would have it understood) of High Treason, and

03

to

26 Geo. III.

to the Cavalry, even supposing him bound (when he was not bound) to iurniih any. And the said Rajah did make a direct Denial of the Truth of the Two general Articles, and did explain himself on the same in as satisfactory a Manner, and as fully, as their Nature could permit; offering to enter into immediate Trial of the Points in Issue between bim and the said Hastings, in the remarkable Words following: " My Enemies, w with a View to my Ruin, have made false Representations to you. Now that, happily for me, you have " yourself arrived at this Place, you will be able to <( ascertain all the Circ.umstances; First, relative to the " Horse; Secondly, To my People going to Calcutta-,

and, Thirdly, The Dates of the Receipts of the particular Sums above mentioned. You will then know " whether I have amused you with a false llepresenta-* tion, or made a just Report to you." And in the said Answer the said Rajah complained, but in the mod; modest Terms, of an Injury to him of the most dangerous and criminal Nature in Transactions of such Moment, namely, his not receiving any Answer to his Letters and Petitions; and concluded in the following Words: " I " have never swerved in the smalletl Degree from my " Duty to you. It remains with you to decide on all " these Matters. I am in every same your Slave. 4‘ What is just I have represented to you. May your " Prosperity increase!’’

VIII. That the said Warren Hastings was bound, by the essential Principles of natural Justice, to attend to the Claim made by the Rajah to a fair and impartial Trial and Enquiry into the Matter of Accusation brought against him by the said Hastings, at a Time and Place which furnished all proper Materials, and the Presence of all necessary Witnesses; but the said Hastings, instead, of instituting the said Enquiry, and granting Trial, did receive an humble Request for Justice from a great Prince as a fresh OffeDce, and as a personal Insult to himself; and did conceive a violent passion of Anger, and a strong Resentment thereat, declaring, that he did consider the said Answer as not only unmtisfaftory in Substance, but offensive in Style: " This Answer you " will perceive to be not only unsatisfactory in Substance, but offensive in Style; and left a Vindication " of himself, than a Recrimination on me. It expresses " no Concern for the Causes of Complaint contained ia " my Letter, or Delire to atone for them, nor the " faialleft Intention to pursue a different LineofConduCk: An Answer couched nearly in Terms of Dejianct to Requisitions of to lerious a Nature, 1 could " not but consider as a strong Indication of that Spirit

of Independency which the Rajah has for tome Years " past assumed, and of which indeed I had early observed other manifefi Symptoms, both before and from " the Infiant of my Arrival." — Which Representation is jptogether, and in all Pants thereof, groundleft and injurious; as the Substance of the Answer is a Justification proper to he pleaded, and the Style, if -in any Thing exceptionable, it is in its extreme Humility, resulting, rather from an unmanly and nbjeCk Spirit, than from any Thing of an offensive Liberty; but being received as difrefpedful by the said Hastings, it abundantly indicates the Tyrannical Arroganoe of the said Hastings, and the Depreifion into which the Natives are funk under the British Government.

IX. That the said Waircn Hastings, pretending to bave been much alarmed at the offensive Language of the said Rajah’s Defence, wad at certain Appearances of Independency which lie had observed, not only on former Occasions, but since his Arrival at Benares (where he had been but little more than One Day) and which Appearances he never has specified in any One Instance, did assert that he conceived himself indispensably obliged to adopt tome decisive Plan; and without any further Enquiry or Confaltttion (which appears) with any

Vol. 41.

495

PerfoD, did, at Teh o’Clock of the very Night bn which Charge he received the before-mentioned full and satisfactory. aga,n* as well as submissive Answer, fend ail Order to the British Resident (then being a public Minister repre-fenting the British Government at the Court of the said Rajah, and as such bound by the Law of Nations, to respect the Prince at whole Court he was Resident, and not to attempt any Thing against his Person or State; and who ought not therefore to have been chosen by the said Hastings, and compelled to serve in that Bull-ness) that he should on the next Morning arrest the said Prince in his Palace, and keep him in his Custody until further Orders; which said Order being conceived in the most peremptory Terms, the Rajah was put under Arrest, with a Guard of about 30 orderly Sepoys, with their Swords drawn: And the Particulars thereof were reported to him as follows:

" Honourable Sir,

" I this Morning, in Obedience to your Orders of last Night, proceeded with a few of my Orderlies, accompanied by Lieutenant Stalker, to Shewalla Ghaut, the present Residence of Rajah Cheit Sing, and acquainted him, it was your Pleasure he should consider himself in Arrest; that he should order his People to behave in a quiet and orderly Manner, for that any Attempt to rescue him would be attended with his own Destruction. The Rajah submitted quietly to the Arrest, and assured me, that whatever were your Orders, he was ready implicitly to obey:

He hoped that you would allow him a j

but as for his Zermndary, his Forts, and his Treasure, he was ready to lay them at your Feet, and his Life if required. He expressed himself much hurt at the Ignominy which he affirmed must be the Consequence of his Confinement; and intreated me to return to you with the foregoing Submission, hoping that you would make Allowances for his Youth and Inexperience, and in Consideration of his Father’s Name release him from his Confinement, as loon as he should prove the Sincerity of his Offers, and himself defer ving of your Com passion and Forgivenels."

r. Hastings.

X. That a further Order was given, that every Servant of the Rajah’s should be disarmed, and a certain Number only left to attend him, under a strict Watch. In a Quarter of an Hour after this Conversation, Two Companies of Grenadier Sepoys were lent to the Rajah’s Palace by the said Hastings; and the Rajah being difinayed by this unexpected and unprovoked Treatment, wrote Two short Letters or Petitions to the said Hastings, under the greatest apparent Dejection at the Outrage and Dishonour he had suffered in the Eyes of his Subjects, all Imprisonment of Persons of Rank being held in that Country as a Mark of indelible Infamy, and he also in all Probability considering his Imprisonment as a Prelude to the taking away his Life; and in the Eirft of the said Petitions he didf exprest himself in this Manner: " Whatever may be your Pleasure, do " it with your own Hands, I am your Slave. What " Occasion can there be for a Guard? " And in the other, " My Honour was bestowed upon me by your " Highness. It depends on you alone to take away, " or not to take away the Country out of my Hands. " In case my Honour is not left to me, how shall I " be equal to the Bufinest of the Government ? whoever, with his Hands in a supplicating Posture, is " ready with his Life and Property, what Necessity can " there be for him to be dealt with in this Wav?"

XI. That according to the said Hastings's Narrative of this TransaCkion, be (the said Hastings) on Account of the apparent Despondency in which these Letters were written, (tthought jt necessary to give him some

<( Encouragement;"

49^ 4* Aprilis. A. 1786.

Charges " Encou ragmen tand therefore wrote him a Note of received, the said Rajah, not discouraged or provoked

Mr.HaAiner. a few' Lines, carelessly and haughtily expressed, and little from uling every Attempt towards Peace and Recon-’ calculated to relieve him from his Uneasiness, promising ciliation, did again apply, on the very Morning follow-to send to him a Person to explain Particulars; and ing, to Richard Johnson, Esquire, for his Interposition, diefiring him "to set his Mind at rest, and not to con- but to no Purpose; and did likewise, with as little " ceive any Terror or Apprehension." To which an Effect, fend a Message to Cantu Babii, native Steward Answer of great Humility and Dejc-ction was received. and confidential Agent of the said Hastings, which was

XII. That the Report of the Rajah’s Arrest did afterwards reduced into Writing, " to exculpate himself eause a great Alarm in the City, in the Suburbs of " from any Concern in what had passed, and to profels which the Rajah’s Palace is situated, and in the ad- " his Obedience to his Wilt (Hastingss) in jacent Country. The People were filled with Dismay Way he should dictate." Rut the said Hastings, for and Anger at the Outrage and Indignity offered to a several fall'e and contradictory Reasons by him attigned, Prince under whose Government they enjoyed much did not take any Advantage of the said Opening, at-Eafc and Happiness. Under these Circumstances the tributing the same to Artifice, in order to gain Time; Rajah desired Leave to perform his Ablutions; which but instead of accepting the said Submissions, he did was refused, unlcis he sent for Water, and performed resolve upon Flight from the City of Benares, and did that Ceremony on the Spot. This he did. And soon luddenly fly therefrom in great Consulion. after feme of the People, who now began to surround XV. That the said Hastings did persevere in his the Palace in considerable Numbers, attempting to force Resolutions not to listen to any Submission, or Offer of their Way into the Palace, a British Officer command- Accommodation whatsoever, though several were afiter-ing the Guard upon the Rajah struck One of them with wards made through almost every Person who might his Sword. The People grew more and more irritated; be supposed to have Influence with him, but did eause but a Message being font from the Rajah to appease the Rajah’s Troops to be attacked and fallen upon, them, they continued, on this Interposition, for a while though they only acted on the Defendve (as the Rajah quiet. Then the Rajah retired to a Sort of Stone has without Contradiction asserted, and thereby, and by Pavision or Bastion, to perform his Devotions, the his preceding Refusal of Propositions of the same Guard of Sepoys attending him in this Act of Religion. Nature, and by other his perfidious, unjust, and ty-ln the mean Time a Person of the meanest Station, rannical Acts, by him perpetrated and done, and by his called a Chubdar, at heft answering to our common total Improvidence in not taking any One rational Beadle or Tipstaff, was lent with a Message (of what Security whatsoever against the inevitable Consequences Nature does not appear) from Mr. Hastings or the of those Acts, did make himself guilty of all the mutual llefident, to the Prince under Arrest; and this bale Slaughter and Devaluation which ensued, as well as, in Person, w ithout Regard to the Rank of the Prisoner, or his Opinion, of the imminent Danger of the total Sub-to hid then Occupation, addressed him in a rude, boilter- verlion of the British Power in by the Rilqtie

ous Manner, " passionately and insultingly," (as the said of his own Person, which he afierts that it did run; Rajah has without Contradiction asserted) " and reviling as also, " that it ought not to be thought that he athim with a loud Voice, gave both him and his People " tributed too much Consequence to his Personal Safety, " the vilest Abuseand the Manner and Matter being " when he supposed the Fate of the British Empire in observable and audible to the Multitude, divided only- " India connected with; and that, mean as its Sub-by an open Stone Lattice from the Scene within; and fiance may be, its accidental Qualities were equiva-a Firing commenced from without the Palace; on which " lent to those, which, like the Characters of a Talisman the Rajah again interposed, and did what in him lay to " in the Arabian Mythology, formed the Essence of the l'upprels the Tumult, until an English Officer, firiking " State itself, Representation, Title, and the Estimate him with a Sword, and wounding him on the Hand, " of the public Opinion. That had he fallen, l'uch a the People no longer kept any Measures, but broke " Stroke would be universally considered as decisive of through the Inclosure of the Palace. The insolent " the National Fate. Every State round it would have Tipstaff was first cut down, and the Multitude falling " started into Arms against it; and every Subject of rupon the Sepoys and the English Officers, the Whole, " its own Dominion would, according to their several

or nearly the Whole, were cut to Pieces; the Soldiers " Abilities have become its Enemy" And that he

having been ordered to that Service without any knew, and has declared, that though the said Stroke was Charges for their Pieces. And in this Tumult the not firuck, that great Convuliions did actually enl'ue Rajah, being justly fearful of falling into the Hands from his Proceedings. " That Half the Province of of the said Hastings, did make his Elcape over the " Oude was in a State of as complete Rebellion as

Walls of his Palace, by Means of a Rope formed of " that of Benares; and that Invasions, Tumults, and

his Turban tied together, into a Boat upon the River, Insurrections, were occasioned thereby in various othe^ and from thence into a Place of Security; abandoning Parts.

many of his Family to the Dil'cretion of the said XVI. That the said IVirren Hastings, after he had

Hastings, who did eause the said Palace to be occu- collected his Forces from all Parts, did, with little pjed by a Company of Soldiers, after the Flight of the Difficulty or Bloodshed, subsequent to that Time, on Rajah. the Part of his Troops, and in a few Days, entirely

XIII. That the Rajah, as soon as he had arrived reduce the said Province of Benares; and did, after at a Place of Refuge, did, on the very Day of his Flight, the said ffiort, and little-refitted Hostility, in cold Blood, lend a suppliant Letter to the said Hastings, filled with issue an Order for burning a certain Town, in which Expressions of Concern (affirmed by the said Hastings he accused the People at large of having killed, " upon to be flight Expressions) for what had happened, and " what Provocation he knows not," certain wounded Professions (laid by the said Hastings to be indefinite Sepoys who were Prisoners; which Orders, being gene-and unapplied) of Fidelity: But the said Warren rally given, when it was his Duty to have made feme Hastings, though bound by his Duty to hear the said Enquiry concerning the particular Offenders, but which Rajah, and to prevent . Extremities if possible, being he did ( never make or eause to be made, was cruel, filled with Insolence and Malice, did not think it " - inhuman, and tended to the Destruction of the Revenues

coming of him to make any Reply to it; and that he of the Company; and that this, and other Acts of " thought he ordered the Bearer of the Letter to be Devastation, did eause the Lois of Two Months of the " told that it required none." Collections.

; XIV. That this Letter of Submission' having been XVII. That the said Warren Hastings did not only

refule

26 Geo. III. 40 Apri 497

refuse the Submissions of the said Rajah, which were frequently repeated through various Persons after he had left Benares, and even after the Defeat of certain of the Company’s Forces, but did proscribe and except him from the Pardons which he issued after he had satisfied his Vengeance on the Province of Benares.

XVIII. That the said Warren Hastings did send to a certain Castle called Bidgigur, the Residence of a Person of high Rank, called Patina, the Mother of the Rajah of Benares, with whom his Wife, a Woman described by the said Hastings " to be of an amiable ," and all the other Women of the Rajah’s Family, and the Survivors of the Family of his Father Bulwant Sing, a Body of Troops to dispossess them of her said Residence, and to seize upon her Money and Effects, although (he did not stand, even by himself, accused of any Offence whatsoever; pretending, but not proving, and not attempting to prove, then nor since, that the Treasures therein contained were the Property of the Rajah, and not her own; and did, in order to stimulate the British Soldiery to Rapine and Outrage, issue to them several barbarous Orders, contrary to the Practice of civilized Nations, relative to their Property, moveable and immoveable, attended with unworthy and unbecoming Menaces, highly offensive to the Manners of the East, and the particular Respect there paid to the Female Sex; which Letters and Orders, as well as the Letters which he had received from the Officers concerned, the said Hastings did unlawfully l'upprefs, until forced, by the Disputes between him and the said Officers, to discover the famej and the said Orders are as follow:

" I am this Instaut favoured with yours of Yesterday. Mine of the same Date (22d October 1781) " has before this Time acquainted you with my Resolutions and Sentiments respecting the Rannee (the " Mother of the Rajah Cheit Sing) I think every Demand Ihe has made to you, except that of Safety and " Respect for her Person, is unreasonable. If the Re- ports brought to me are true, your rejecting her Offers,

"or any Negociations with her, would soon obtain you

" Possession of the Fort upon your own Terms. I " apprehend that die will contrive to defraud the Captors " of a considerable Part of the Booty, by being suffered " to retire without Examination. But this is your sideration, and not mine. I should be very sorry that " your Officers and Soldiers lost ANY PART of " the Reward to which they are so well entitled; but I " cannot make any Objection, as you must be die belt " Judge of the Expediency of the promised Indulgence

" to the Rannee. What you have engaged for, I will " certainly ratify; but as to permitting the Rannee to " hold the Purgunnah of Hurluk, or any other in the " Zemindary, without being subject to the Authority of " the Zemindar, or any Lands whatever, or indeed making " any Conditions with her for a Provision, I will never " consent to it." And in another Letter to the same Person, dated Benares, 3d of November 1781, in which he the said Hastings consents that the said Woman of Distinction should be allowed to evacuate the Place, and to receive Protection, he did express himself as follows: I am willing to grant her now the same Conditions " to which I at first consented; provided that Ihe delivers into your Possession, within Twenty-four Hours " from the Time of receiving your Message, the Fort

of Bidzigurr, with the Treasure and Effects lodged u therein by Cheit Sing, or any of his Adherents, with " the Reserve only as above mentioned, of such Articles " as you shall think necessary to her Sex and Condition, " or as you shall be disposed of yourself to indulge " her with. If she complies, as I expect Ihe will, " it will be your Part to secure the Fort, and the " Property it contains, for the Benefit of yourself and Vol. 41.

" Detachment. I have only further to request that you charges will grant an Escort, if Panna should require it, to against " conduct her here, or wherever Ihe may choose to retire Mr.;Hasting«. " to But should (he refuse to execute the Promile Ihe has made, or delay it beyond the Term of 24 Hours,

" it is my positive Injunction that you immediately put a " Stop to any further Intercourse or Negociation with " her, and on no Pretext renew it. If Ihe disappoints " or trifles with me, after I have subjected my Duan to " the Dilgrace of returning ineffectually, and of course " myself to Discredit, I shall consider it as a wanton Affront and Indignity which lean never forgive, nor will " I grant her any Conditions whatever, but leave her " exposed to those Dangers which Ihe has chosen to " risque, rather than trull to the Clemency and Generosity of our Government I think she cannot be " ignorant of these consequences, and will not venture to " incur them', and it is for this Reason I place a Dependence on her Offers, and have contented to fend " my Duan to her."

XIX. That the Castle aforesaid being surrendered upon Terms of Safety, and on express Condition of not attempting to search their Persons, the Woman of Rank aforesaid, her Female Relations, and Female Dependants, to the Number of Three hundred, besides Children, evacuated the said Castle; but the Spirit of Rapacity being excited by the Letters and other Proceedings of the said Hastings, the Capitulation was shamefully and outrageoully broken, and in Despite of the Endeavours of the Commanding Officer, the said Woman of high Condition, and her Female Dependants, Friends, and Servants, were plundered of the Effects they carried with them, and which were refer ved to them in the Capitulation of their Fortress, and in their Persons were otherwise rudely and iuhumanly dealt with, by the licentious Followers of the Camp; for which Outrages, represen ted to the said Hastings with great Concern by the Commanding Officer, Major Popham, he, the said Hastings, did afterwards recommend a late and fruitless Redrels.

XX. That the Governor General, Warren in exciting the Hopes of the Military, by declaring them well entitled to the Plunder of the Fortress aforesaid, the Residence of the Mother and other Women of the Rajah of Benares, and by wishing the Troops to secure the same for their own Benefit, did advise and aft in direct Contradiction to the Orders of the Court of Directors, and to his own Opinion of his public Duty, as well as to the Truth and Reality thereof; he having some Years before entered in Writing the Declaration which follows: " The very Idea of Prize Money suggests to " my Remembrance the former Disorders which arose " in our Army from this Source, and had almost proved " fatal to it. Of this Circumstance you must be sufficiently apprized, and of the Necessity for discouraging every Expectation of this Kind amongst the " Troops — it is to be avoided like Poison. The bad " Effects of a similar Measure were but too plainly " felt in a former Period, and our Honourable Masters " did not fail on that Occasion to reprobate with their " Censure, in the moll severe Terms, a Practice which " they regarded as the Source of infinite Evils; and " which, if established, would in their Judgment necessarily bring Corruption and Ruin on their Army."

XXI. That the said Hastings, after he had given the Licence aforesaid, and that in consequence thereof the Booty found in the Castle, to the Amount of 23,27,813 Current Rupees, was distributed among the Soldiers employed in its Reduction, the said Hastings did retract his Declaration of Right, and his Permis-fion to the Soldiers to appropriate to themselves the Plunder, and endeavoured by various Devices and Artifices to explain the same away, and to recover the Spoil aforesaid for the Ufo of the Company; and 6 L wholly

Charge*

against

Mr.Hastings,

4^8 4(>' ApfUisA. 1786.

wholly failing in his Attempts to resume, by a Breach of Faith with the Soldiers, what he had unlawfully disposed of by a Breach of Duty to his Constituents, he attempted to obtain the same as a Loan, in which Attempt he also failed; and the aforesaid Money being the only Part of the Treasures belonging to the Rajah, or any of his Family, that had been found, he was altogether fruf-trated in the Acquisition of every Part of that dishonour-able Object, which alone he pretended to and pursued through a long Series of Acts of Injustice, Inhumanity, Opprefliou, Violence, and Bloodshed, at the Hazard of his Person and Reputation, and, in his own Opinion, at the Risk of the total Subversion of the British Empire.

XXII. That the said Warren after the

Commission of the Offences aforesaid, being well aware that he should be called to an Account for the lame, did, by the evil Counsel and Agency of Sir Elijah Knight, His Majesty’s Chief Justice, who was then out of the Limits of his Jurisdiction, cause to be taken at Benares, before or by the said Sir Elijah , and through the Intervention, not of the Company’s Interpreter, but of a certain private Interpreter of his, the said Hastings's, own Appointment, and a Dependant on him, called Major Davy, several Declarations and Depositions by Natives of Hmdostan, and did also cause to be taken before the said Sir Elijah Impey, several Attentions in English, made by British Subjects, and which were afterwards transmitted to Calcutta, and laid before the Council General, lbme of which Depositions were upon Oath, some upon Honour, and others neither upon Oath nor Honour, but all or most of which were of an irregular and irrelevant Nature, and not lit or decent to be taken by a British Magistrate, or to be transmitted to a British Government.

XXIII. That One of the said Attestatioas (but not oh Oath) was made by a principal Minister of the Nabob of Oude, to whom the said Hastings had some Time before proposed to fell the Sovereignty of that very Territory of Benares-, and that One other Attestation (not upon Oath) was made by a native Woman of Dif-tin&ion, whose Son he, the said Hastings, did actually promote to the Government of Benares, vacated by the tmjuft Expulsion of the Rajah aforesaid, and who in her Deposition did declare, that lhe considered the expelled Rajah as her Enemy; and that he never did confer with her, or suffer her to be acquainted with any of his Designs.

XXIV. That besides the Depositions of Persons interested in the Ruin of the Rajah, others were made by Persons who then received Pensions from him the said Hastings; and several of the Affidavits were made by Persons of mean Condition, and lb wholly illiterate as not to be able to write their Names.

XXV. That he, the said Hastings, did also cause to be examined, by various Proofs and Essays, the Result of which was delivered in upon Honour, the Quality of certain Military Stores, taken by the British Troops from the said Rajah of Benares; and upon the Report that the same were of a good Quality, and executed by Persons conversent in the making of good Military Stores, although the Cannon was Hated by the same Authority to be bad, he, the said Warren Hastings, from the Report aforesaid, did maliciously, and contrary to the Principles of natural and legal Reason, infer that the Insurrection which had been raised by his own Violence and Oppref-lion, and rendered for a Time successful by his own Improvidence, was the Consequence of a premeditated Design to overturn the British Empire in India, and to exterminate therefrom the British Nation; which Design, if it had been true, the said Hastings might have known, or rationally conjectured, and ought to have provided against. And if the said Hastings had received any credible Information of such Design, it was his Duty

to lay the same before the Council Board, and to state the same to the Rajah when he was in a Condition to have given an Answer thereto, or to observe thereon; and not, after he had proscribed and driven him from his Dominions, to have enquired into Offences to justify the previous Infliction of Punishment.

XXVI. That it does not appear that in taking the said Depositions there was any Person present on the Part of the Rajah to object to the Competence or Credibility, or Relevancy of any of the said Affidavits, o other Attestations, or to account, otherwise than as the said Deponents did account, for any of the Facts therein Hated; nor were any Copies thereof sent to the said Rajah, although the Company had a Minister at the Place of his Residence, namely, in the Camp of the Maratta Chief Scindia, so as to enable him to transmit to the Company any Matters which might induce or enable them to do Justice to the injured Prince aforesaid. And it does not appear that the said Hastings has ever produced any Witness, Letter, or other Document, tending to prove that the said Rajah ever did carry on any hostile NegO-ciation whatever with any of those Powers with whom he was charged with a Conspiracy against the Company, previous to the Period of the said s having

arrested him in his Palace, although he the said Hastings had various Agents at the Courts of all those Princes; and that a late principal Agent and near Relation of a Mi-nifter of One of them, the Rajah of Berar, called Bena-ram Pundit, was, at the Time of the Tumult at Benares, actually with the said Hastings, and the said Benaram Pundit was by him highly applauded for his Zeal and Fidelity, and was therefore by him rewarded with a large Pension on those very Revenues which he had taken from the Rajah Cheit Sing: and if such a Conspiracy had previously existed, the Maratta Minister aforesaid must have known, and would have attested it

XXVII. That it appears that the said Warren Hastings, at the Time that he formed his Design of seizing upon the Treasures of the Rajah of Benares, and of deposing him, did not believe him guilty of that premeditated Project for driving the English out of with which he afterwards thought fit to charge him, or that he was really guilty of any other great Offence; because he has caused it to be deposed, that if the said Rajah should pay the Sum of Money by him exacted, " he would settle " his Zemindary upon him on the most eligible Footing:" Whereas, if he had conceived him to have entertained traiterous Designs against the Company, from whom he held his tributary Estate, or had been otherwise guilty of such enormous Offences as to make it necessary to take extraordinary Methods for coercing him, it would not have been proper for him to settle upon such a Traitor and Criminal the Zemindary of Benares, or any other Territory, upon the most eligible, or upon any other Footing whatever; whereby the said Hastings has by his own stating demonstrated, that the Money intended to have been exacted was not as a Punishment for Crimes, but that the Crimes were pretended, for the Purpose of exacting Money.

XXVIII. That the said Warren Hastings, in order to justify the Acts of Violence aforesaid to the Court of Directors, did assert certain false Facts, known by him to be such, and did draw firom them certain false and dangerous Inferences, utterly subversive of the Rights of the Princes and Subjects dependent on the British Nation in India, contrary to the Principles of all just Government, and highly dishonourable to that of Great Britain; namely, that the " Rajah of " Benares was not a Vassal or Tributary Prince; and " that the Deeds which passed between him and the " Board upon the Transfer of the Zemindary in " 1775, were not to understood to bear the Quality " and Force of a Treaty upon optional Conditions

" between

2 6 Geo. III. 48

49 9

" between equal States; that the Payments to be made " by him were not a Tribute, but a Rent; and that ° the instruments by which his Territories were conveyed to him, did not differ from common Grants " to Zemindars, who were merely subjects; but that " being nothing more than a common Zemindar and mere Subject, and the Company holding the acknowledged Rights of his former Sovereign, held an absolute Authority over him; that in the known Relations of Zemindar to the sovereign Authority or Power delegated by it, he owed a personal Allegiance, and an implicit and unreserved Obedience to " that Authority, at the Forfeiture of his Zemindary, and even of his Life and Property." Whereas the said Hastings did well know, that whether the Payments from the Rajah were called Rent or , having

been frequently by hhnself called the one and the other, and that of whatever Nature the instruments by which he held might have been, he did not consider him as a common Zemindar or Landholder, but as far independent as a tributary Prince could be; for he did assign as a Reason for receiving his Rent rather within the Company’s Province than in his own Capital, that it would not " frustrate the Intention of rendering the Rajah " independent; that if a Resident was appointed to receive " the Money as it became due at Benares, such a Resident would unavoidably acquire an Influence over " the Rajah and over his Country, which would in Effect " render him the Master of both; that this Consequence " might not perhaps be brought completely to pass " without a Struggle, and many Appeals to the Council, " which, in a Government constituted like this, cannot " fail to terminate against the Rajah, and by the Construction to which his Opposition to the Agent would " be liable, might eventually draw on him severe Restrictions, and end in reducing him to the mean and " depraved State of a Zemindar"

XXIX. And the said Hastings, in the said Minute of Confutation, having enumerated the Frauds, Embezzlements, and Oppressions which would ensue from the Rajah’s being in the dependent State aforesaid; and having obviated all Apprehensions from giving to him the implied Symbols of Dominion, did assert, " that " without such Appearance, he would expect from every " Change of Government additional Demands to be " made upon him; and would of Course descend to all " the Arts of Intrigue and Concealment practised by " other dependent Rajahs, which would keep him indigent and weak, and eventually prove hurtful to the " Company. But that by proper Encouragement and " Protection, he might prove a profitable Dependant, an " useful Barrier, and even a powerful Ally to the Company; but that he would be neither, if the Conditions *' of his Connection with the Company were left open " to future Variations."

XXX. That if the Fact had been true, that the Rajah of Benares was merely an eminent Landholder, or any other Subject, the wicked and dangerous Doctrine aforesaid; namely, that he owed a personal Allegiance, and an implicit and unreserved Obedience to the Sovereign Authority, at the Forfeiture of his Zemindary, and even of his Life and Property, at the Discretion of those who held, or fully represented, the Sovereign Authority, doth leave Security neither for Life nor Property to any Persons residing under the Company’s Protection; and that no such Powers, nor any Powers of that Nature, had been delegated to the said JVarren Hastings, by any Provisions of the Act of Parliament appointing a Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal.

XXXI. That the said Warren Hastings did also advance another dangerous and pernicious Principle, in Justification of his violent, arbitrary, and iniquitous Aftings aforesaid; namely, " that if he had acted Vot. 41.

" with an unwarrantable Rigour, and even Injustice Charges " towards Chat Sing, yet, First, if he did believe that " extraordinary Means were necessary, and those exerted " with a strong Hand, to preserve the Company’s Iuterefts from sinking under the accumulated Weight " that oppressed them; or, Secondly, if he saw a Political " Necessity for curbing the overgrown Power of a great " Member of their Dominion, and to make it contribute " to the Relief of their pressing Exigencies; that his " Error would be excusable, as prompted by an Excels " of Zeal for their (the Company’s) Interest, operating " with too strong a Bias on his Judgment; — but that " much stronger is the Presumption that such Acts are " founded on just Principles, and that they are the " Result of a misguided Judgment." That the said Doctrines are, in both the Members thereof, subversive of all the Principles of just Government, by empowering a Governor with delegated Authority in the first Cafe, on his own private Belief concerning the Necessities of the State, not to levy an impartial and equal Rate of Taxation suitable to the Circumstances of the several Members of the Community, but to select any Individual from the same as an Object of Arbitrary and unmeasured Imposition; and, in the Second Cafe, enabling the same Governor, on the same Arbitrary Principles, to determine whose Property should be considered as overgrown, and to reduce the same at his Pleasure.

PART IVtb.

Second Resolution in Benares.

That the said Warren Hastings, after he had, in the Manner aforesaid, unjustly and violently expelled the Rajah Chat Sing, the Lord or Zemindar of Benares, from his said Lordship or Zemindary, did, of his own mere usurped Authority, and without any Communication with the other Members of the Council of Calcutta, appoint another Person, of the Name of Narrain, a Descendant by the Mother from the late Rajah Buhvant Sing, to the Government of Benares; and, on Account or Pretence of his Youth and Inexperience (the said Mehip Narrain not being above Twenty Years old) did appoint his Father Durbege Sing to act as his Repre-fentative or Administrator of his Affairs; but did give a controlling Authority to the British Resident over both, notwithstanding his Declarations before mentioned of the Mischiefs likely to happen to the said Country from the Establishment of a Resident, and his Opinion since declared in a Letter to the Court of Directors, dated from this very Place (Benares)the lft of October 1784, to the fame or stronger Effect, in case " Agents are sent into " the Country, and armed with Authority for the Purposes of Vengeance and Corruption, for to no other " will they be applied."

That the said Warren Hastings did, by the same usurped Authority, entirely set alide all the Agreements made between the late Rajab and the Company (which were real Agreements with the State of Benares, in die Person of the Lord or Prince thereof, and his Heirs); and without any Form of Trial, Inquisition, or other legal Process, for Forfeiture of the Privileges of the People to be governed by Magistrates of their own, and according to their natdral Laws, Customs, and Ufaces, did, contrary to the said Agreement, separate the Mint and the Criminal Justice from the (hid Government, and did vest the Mint in the British Resident, and the Criminal Justice in a Ma-homedan Native of his own Appointment; and did enhance the Tribute to be paid from the Province from 250,000 /. Annually, limited by Treaty, or thereabouts, to Three hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds for the First Year, and to Four hundred

thousand

500

4° Apri

A\ 178

Charges thousand for every Year after; and did compel the Ad-apiinst ministrator aforesaid (Father to the Rajah) to agree to the Mr. Hatting*. fame. an(j dj(jj by the faine usurped Authority, illegally impose, and cause to be levied, sundry injudicious and oppressive Duties on Goods and Merchandize, which did greatly impair the Trade of the Province, and threaten the utter Ruin thereof; and did charge several Pensions on the said Revenues, of his own mere Authority; and did fend and keep up various Bodies of the Company’s Troops in the said Country; and did per-from sundry other Acts, with regard to the said Territory, iu total Subversion of the Rights of the Sovereign and the People, and in Violation of the Treaties and Agreements aforesaid.

I hat the said Warren Hastings being absent, on Account of ill Health, from the Presidency of Calcutta, at a Place called Nia Serai, about Forty Miles distant - therefrom, did carry on a secret Correspondence with the Resident at Benares, and, under Colour that the Instalments for the new Rent or Tribute were in Ar-rear, did, of his own Authority, make, in about One Year, a Second Resolution in the Government of the Territory aforesaid; and did order and direct that Durbege Sing aforesaid, Father of the Rajah, and Administrator of his Authority, should be deprived of his Office and of his Lands, and thrown into Prison; and did threaten him with Death, although he, the said Warren Hastings, had, at the Time of the making his new Arrangement, declared hiuiself sensible that the Rent aforesaid might require Abatement; although he was well apprized that the Administrator had Decn for Two Months of his Administration in a weak and languid State of Body, and wholly incapable of attending to the Business of the Collections; though a considerable Drought had prevailed in the said Province, and did consequently affect the Regularity and Produce of the Collections; and though he had other sufficient Reason to believe that the said Administrator had not himself received from the Collectors of Government, and the Cultivators of the Soil, the Rent in Arrear; yet he, the said Warren Hastings, without any known Process, or recording any Answer, Defence, Plea, Exculpation, or Apology from the Party, or recording any other Grounds of Rigour against him, except the following Paragraph of a Letter from the Resident, not only gave the Order as aforesaid, but did afterwards, without laying any other or better Ground before the Council General, persuade them to, and did procure from them, a Confirmation of the aforesaid cruel and illegal Proceedings, the Correspondence concerning which bad not been before communicated; he pleading his III-ness for not communicating the fame, though that Iliness did not prevent him from carrying on Correspondence concerning the Deposition of the said Administrator, and other important Affairs in various Places.

That in the Letter to the Council, requiring the Confirmation of his Acts aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings did not only propose the Confinement of the said Administrator at Benares, although by his Imprisonment he must have been in a great Measure disabled from recovering the Balances due to him, and for the Nonpayment of which he was thus imprisoned, but did propose as an Alternative his Imprisonment at a remote Fortress, out of the said Territory, and in the Company’s Provinces, called ;desiring the m

to direct the Resident at Benares " to exact from " Baboo Dubitzee Sing every Rupee of the Collections which it shall appear that he has made, and " not brought to Account; and either to confine him " at Benares, or to fend him a Prisoner to Chunar,

" and to keep him in Confinement until he shall " have discharged the Whole of the Amount due

" from him." And the said Warren Hastings did assign Motives of Passion and personal Resentment for the said unjust and rigorous Proceedings, as follows: " I feel inyself, and may be allowed on such " an Occasion to acknowledge it, personally hurt at " the Ingratitude of this Man, and at the Diferedit " which his ill Conduct has thrown on my Appointment " of him. He has deceived me; he has offended " against the Government which I then represented." And, as a further Reason for depriving him of his Jaghire (or Salary out of Land) he did insinuate in the said Letter, but without giving or offering any Proof, " that the said Rajah had been " guilty of little and " mean Peculations, although the Appointments assigned " to him had been sufficient to free him from the Temptations thereto".

That it appears, as it might naturally have been expected, that the Wife of the said Administrator, the Daughter of Bulwant Sing, the late Rajah of Benares, and her Son the reigning Rajah, did oppose to the best of their Power, but by what Remonstrances, or upon what Plea the said Warren Hastings did never inform the Court of Directors, the Deposition, Imprisonment, and Confiscation of the Estates of the Husband of the one, and the Father of the other; but that the said Hastings, persisting in his Malice, did declare to the said Council as follows: " The Opposition made by the Rajah and the old Rannoe, both " equally incapable of judging for themselves, do certainly originate from some secret Influence, which " ought to be checked by a decided and peremptory " Declaration of the Authority of the Board, and a " Denunciation of their Displeasure at their " tion."

That the said Warren Hastings, not satisfied with the Injuries done, and the insults and Disgraces offered, to the Family aforesaid, did in a Manner unparalleled, except by an Act of his own on another Occasion, fradulently and inhumanly endeavour to make the Wife and Son of the said Administrator, contrary to the Sentiments and the Law of Nature, the Instruments of his Oppressions; directing, that if they (the Mother and Son aforesaid)

" could be induced to yield the Appearance of a " cheerful Acquiescence in the new Arrangements, and " to adopt it as a Measure formed with their Participation, it would be better than that it should be done

" by a declared Act of Compulsion, but that at all " Events it ought to be done."

That, in consequence of the pressing Declarations aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings did, on his fpCcial Recommendation, appoint, in Opposition to the Wilhes and Desires of the Rajah and his Mother, another Person to the Administration of his Affairs, called Jagher Deo Seo.

That the Company having sent express Orders for the fending the Resident by them before appointed to Benares, the said Warren Hastings did strongly oppose himself to the fame; and did throw upon the Person appointed by the Company Esquire)

several strong but unspecified Reflections and Af-perfions, contrary to the Duty he owed to the Company, and to the Justice he owed to all his Servants.

That the said Resident being appointed by the Votes of the rest of the Council, in Obedience to the reiterated Orders of the Company, and in Despite of the Opposition of the said Hastings, did proceed to Benares; and on the Representation of the Parties, and the Submission of the Accounts of the aforesaid Dur-bege Sing to an Arbitrator, did find him, the said Durbege Sing, in Debt to the Company for a Sum not considerable enough to justify the severe Treatment of the said Durbege Sing; his Wife and Son complaining, at or about the same Time, that the

Balances

16 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis.

501

Balances due to him from the Aumils, or Sub-collectors, had been received by the new Administrator, and carried to his own Credit, in Prejudice and Wrong to the said Durbege Sing; which Representation, the only one that has been transmitted on the Part of the said Sufferers, has not been contradicted.

That it appears that the said Durbege Sing did afterwards go to Calcutta, for the Redrefe of his Grievances;

and that it does not appear that the same were redressed, or even his Complaints heard, but he received Two peremptory Orders from the Supreme Council to leave the said City, and to return to Benares: That on his Return to Benares, and being the re met by Warren Hastings aforesaid, he, the said. JVarren Hastings, although he had

Kealbn to be well assured that the said Durbege Sing was in Possession of finall or no Substance, did again cruelly and inhumanly, and without any legal Authority, order the said Durbege Sing to be strictly imprisoned: And the said Durbege Sing, in consequence of the Vexations, Hardships, and Oppressions aforesaid, died in a short Time after insolvent; but whether in Prison or not, does not appear.

PART Vth.

Third Resolution in Benares.

That the said JVirren Hastings having, in the Manner before recited, divelled Durbege Sing of the Administration of the Province of Benares, did, of his own arbitrary Will and Pleasure, and against the Remonstrances of the Rajah and his Mother (in whose Name and in whole Right the said Durbege Sing, Father of the one and Husband of the other, had administered the Affairs of the Government) appoint a Person, called JagherDeoSeo, to administer the same.

That the new Administrator, warned by the severe Example made of his Predecessor, is represented by the said JVarren Hastings as having made it his " avowed " Principle" (as it might be expected it should be) " that " the Sum fixed for the Revenue must be collected." And he did, upon the Principle aforesaid, and by the Means suggested by a Principle of that Sort, accordingly levy from the Country, and did regularly discharge to the British Resident at Benares, by Monthly Payments, the Sums imposed by the said JVarren Hastings, as it is asserted by the Resident Fowbut the said JVarren Hastings did assert, that his Annual Collections did not amount to more than Lack 37,37,600, or thereabouts, which he fays is much short of the Revenues of the Province, and is by about Twenty-four thousand Pounds short of his Agreement.

That it further appears, that notwithstanding the new Administrator aforesaid was appointed Two Months, or thereabouts, after the Beginning of the Fufieli Year, that is to say, about the Middle of November 1782, and the former Administrator had collected a certain Portion of the Revenues of that Year, amounting to 17,000 /. and upwards; yet he, the said new Administrator, upon the unjust and destructive Principle aforesaid, suggested by the cruel and violent Proceedings of the said JVarren Hastings towards his Predecessor, did levy on the Province, within the said Year, the whole Amount of the Revenues to be collected, in Addition to the Sum collected by his Predecessor aforesaid.

That, on Account of a great Drought which prevailed in the Province aforesaid, a Remission of certain Duties in Grain was proposed by the Chief Criminal Judge at Benares; but the Administrator aforesaid, being fearful that the Revenue should fall short in his Hands, did strenuously oppose himself to the necessary Relief to the Inhabitants of the said City.

That notwithstanding the Cantonment of several Vol. 41.

Bodies of the Coittpany’s Troops within the Province, Charges since the Abolition of the Native Government, it be- „ '

came subject in a particular Manner to the Depre- r‘ a in"s‘ dations of the Rajahs upon tile Borders; inso much that in One Quarter no fewer than Thirty Villages had been sacked and burned, and the Inhabitants reduced to the most extreme Distress.

That the Resident, in his Letter to the Board at Calcutta, did represent that the Collection of the Revenue was become very difficult; and, besides the extreme Drought, did assign for a Cause of that Difficulty the.

following:

" That there is also One Fund which, in former " Years was often applied in this Country to remedy " temporary Inconveniences in the Revenue, and which " in the present Year does not exist. This was the " private Fortunes of Merchants and Shroffs (Bankers)

" resident in Benares, from whom Aumils (Collectors)

" of Credit could obtain temporary Loans, to satisfy " the immediate Calls of the Rajah. These Sums,

" which used to circulate between the Aumil and the " Merchant, have been turned into a different Channel,

" by Bills of Exchange to defray the Expences of Government, both on the West Coast of India, and allb " at Madrass." To which Representation it does not

appear that any Answer was given, or that any Mode of Redress was adopted in consequence thereof.

That the said Warren Hastings, having passed through the Province of Benares (Gauzipore) in his Progress towards Oude, did, in a Letter, dated from the City of Lucknow, the 2d of April 1784, give to the Council Board at Calcutta an Account (highly dishonourable to the British Government) of the Effect of the Arrange-

ments made by himself in the Years 1781 and 1782, in the Words following: " Having contrived, by making

forced Stages, while the Troops of my Escort marched " at the ordinary Rate, to make a Stay of Five Days " at Benares, I was thereby fumished with the Means " of acquiring some Knowledge of the State of the " Province, which I am anxious to communicate to you.

" Indeed the Enquiry, which was in a great Degree " obtruded upon me, affected me with very mortifying " Reflections on my Inability to apply it to any useful " Purpose. From the Confines of to,

" I was followed and fatigued by the Clamours of " the discontented Inhabitants. It was what I expected in a Degree, because it is rare that the Exercise " of Authority should prove satisfactory to all who are " the Objects ‘of it. The Distresses which were produced by the long continued Drought unavoidably " tended to heighten the general Discontent; yet I " have Reason to fear that the Cause existed principally " in a defective, if not a corrupt and oppressive, Administration." " Of a Multitude of Petitions which " were presented to me, and of which I took Minutes,

" every one, that did not relate to a personal Grievance, contained the Representation of one and the " same Species of Oppression, which is in its Nature " of an Influence most fatal to the future Cultivation.

" The Practice to which I allude is this: It is affirmed " that the Aumils and Renters exact, from the' Proprietors of the actual Harvest, a large Increase in " Kind on their stipulated Rent; that is, from those,

" who hold their Potta by the Tenure of paying One " Half of the Produce of their Crops, either the " Whole, without Subterfuge, or a large Proportion " of it by a false Measurement, or other Pretexts;

" and from those, whose Engagements are for a fixed " Rent in Money, the Half, or a greater Proportion is " taken in Kind. This is in Effect a Tax upon the " Industry of the Inhabitants; since there is scarce a

6 M " Field

502 f Aprilis. A. 1786.

Charge tc

against u

Mr. Mailings. u

t t

c<

a

tc

t<

tt

it

ft

it

it

it

it

tc

tc

it

it

it

tc

tc

tt

tt

tc

cc

tc

€t

tc

tt

it

tc

it

tt

tt

tt

4t

it

tt

tt

it

tt

it

it

tc

it

tc

tc

tt

tt

a

tt

tt

tc

tt

tc

it

tc

cc

ct

tc

a

tt

tt

tc

tt

cc

it

Field of Grain in the Province, I might not One, which has not l>ecn preserved by the inceiTant Labour of the Cultivator, by digging Wells for their Supply, or watering them from the Wells of Masonry with which their Country abounds, or from the neighbouring Tanks, Rivers, and Nullahs. The People who imposed on themselves this voluntary and extraordinary Labour, and not unattended with Expence, did it on the Expectation of reaping the Profits of it; and it is certain they would not have done it, if they had known that their Rulers, from whom they were entitled to an Indemnification, would take from them what they had so hardly earned. If the same Administration continues, and the Country shall again labour under a Want of Rain, every Field will be abandoned, the Revenue fail, and Thousands perish through Want of Subsistence; for who will labour for the sole Benefit of others, anu to make himself the Subject of Exaction ? These Practices are to be imputed to the Naib himself [the Administrator forced by the said Warren Hastings on the present Rajah of Benares]. The avowed Principle on which he acts, and which he acknowledged to myself, is, that the xohole Sum fixed for the Revenue of the Province must be collected; and that, for this Purpose the Deficiency arising in Places where the Crops have failed, or which have been left uncultivated, must be supplied from the Resources of others, where the Soil has been better suited to the Season, or the Industry of the Cultivators hath been more fuccels-fully exerted; a Principle which, however specious and plausible it may at first appear, certainly tends to the most pernicious and destructive Consequences. If this Declaration of the Naib had been made only to myself, I might have doubted my Construction of it; but it was repeated by him to Mr. Anderson, who understood it exactly in the same Sense. In the Management of the Customs, the Conduct of the Naib or of the Officer under him, was forced also upon my Attention. The exorbitant Rates exacted by an arbitrary Valuation of the Goods; the Practice of exacting Duties Twice on the same Goods, first from the Seller, and afterwards from the Buyer; and the V exations, Disputes, and Delays, drawn on the Merchants by these Oppressions, were loudly complained of; and feme Instances of this Kind were feid to exist at the very Time I was at Benares. Under such Circumstances we are not to wonder if the Merchants of Foreign Countries are discouraged from referting to Benares, and if the Commerce of that Province should Annually decay. Other Evils, or imputed Evils, have accidentally come to my Knowledge, which I will not now particularize; as I hope that, with the Assistance of the Resident, they may be in Part corrected. One Evil I must mention, because it has been verified by my own Observaition, and is of that Kind which reflects an unmerited Reproach on our general and National Character. When I was at Buxar, the Resident, eft my Desire, enjoined the Naib to appoint creditable People to every Town, through which our Route lay, to persuade and encourage the inhabitants to remain in their Houses, promising to give them Guards as I approached, and they required it for their Protection; and that be might perceive how earned I was for his Observation of this Precaution I repeated it to him in Person, and difinifled him, that he might precede me for that Purpose. But,. to my igreat Distppointraent, I found every Place, through which I passed, abandoned; nor had there been a Man left in any of them for their Protection. I am ferry to add, that, from Buxar to the opposite Boundary, I have seen nothing but Traces of complete Devastation in every Village; whether caused by the

03

Followers of the Troops, which have lately passed, for " their natural Relief, and I know not whether my own may " not have had their Share, or from the A pprehensions of the " Inhabitants left to themselves, and of themselves desert- ing their Houses. I wish to acquit my own Countrymen " of the Blame of these unfavourable Appearances, and in " my own Heart I do acquit them; for at one Encampment " a Crowd of People came to me, complaining that *' their netv Aumil (Collector) on the Approach of any " Military Detachment, himself firstfledfrom the Place; " and the Inhabitants having no one to whom they could " apply for Redress, or for the Representation of their " Grievances, and being thus remediless, fled also; so that " their Houses and Effects became a Prey to any Person " who chose to plunder them. The general Conclusion " appeared to me an inevitable Consequence from such " a State of Facts; and my own Senses bore Testimony " to it in this specific Instance; nor do I know how it is " possible for any Officer commanding a Military Party, " how attentive lbever he may be to the Discipline and " Forbearance of his People, to prevent Disorders, when " there is neither Opposition to hinder, nor Evidence to " detect them. These, and many other Irregularities, I " impute solely to the Naib, and recommend his Instant " Removal.

" I cannot help remarking, that, except the City of " Benares, the Province is in Effect without a Govemmerit. The Administration of the Province is " ducted, and the People oppressed, Trade discouraged, " and the Revenue in Danger of a rapid Decline, from " the violent Appropriation of its Means."

That the said Warren Hastings did recommend to the Council, for a Remedy of the Disorders and Calamities which had arisen from his own Acts, Dispositions, and Appointments, that the Administrator aforesaid should be instantly removed from his Office; attributing the aforesaid " Irregularities, and many others, solely to him although on his own Representation, it does appear that he was the foie Cause of the Irregularities therein described: Neither does it appear that the Administrator, so by the said Hastings nominated and removed, was properly charged and called to answer for the said recited Irregularities, or for the many others not recited, but attributed solely to him; nor has any Plea or Excuse from him been transmitted to the Board, or to the Court of Directors: But he was, at the Instance of the said Hastings, deprived of his feid Office, contrary to the Principles of natural Justice, in a violent and arbitrary Manner; which Proceeding, combined with the Example made of his Predecessor, must necessarily leave to the Person, who should succeed to the said Office, no distinct Principle upon which he might aft with Safety. But, in comparing the Consequences of the two Delinquencies charged, the Failure of the Payment of the Revenues (from whatever Cause it may arise) is more likely to be avoided than any severe Course towards the Inhabitants; as the former Fault was, besides the Deprivation of Office, attended with Two Imprisonments with a Menace of Death, and an actual Death, in Disgrace, Poverty, and Insolvency; whereas the latter, namely, the Oppression and thereby the total Ruin of the Country, charged on the’ Second Administrator, was only followed by a Lose of Office; although he, the said Warren Hastings, did further assert (but with whatTruth does not appear) that tfre Collection of the last Administrator had fallen much short of the Revenue of the Province.

That the said Warren Hastings himself was sensible that the frequent Changes by him made would much disorder the Management of the Revenues, and seemed desirous of concealing his Intentions concerning the last Change until the Time of its Execution. Yet it appears by a Letter from the British Resident,

dated

Mb*

26 Geo. III.

4° Apri

53

dated the 23d of June 1784. " that a very strong Report prevailed at Benares of his (the said Hastings's)

" Intentions of appointing a new Naib for the approaching Year; and that the Effect, which the " Prevalence of such an Idea amongst the Aumils would probably have on the Cultivation at this particular Time. The heavy Mofulfil Kifts (Harvest " Instalments) have now been collected by the Aumils;

" the Sealon of Tillage is arrived; the Ryots (Country " Farmers) must be indulged, and even assisted by 41 Advances; and the Aumil mult look for his Returns " in the Abundance of the Crop, the Consequence of " this early Attention to the The Effect

is evident which the Report of a Change in the First " Officer of the Revenue must have on the Minds of " the Aumils, by leaving them at an Uncertainty of

" what they have in future to expectand, in Proportion to the Degree of this Uncertainty, their Efforts " and Expences in promoting the Cultivation will be " languid and sparing.

" In Compliance with tire Naib’s Request, I have written to all the Aumils, encouraging and ordering " them to attend to the Cultivation of their respective 41 Districts. But I conceive I should be able to promote this very desirable Intention much more effbctually, if you will honour me with the Communication 44of your Intentions on this Subject At the same " Time I cannot help just remarking, that, if a Change " is intended, the sooner it takes place, the more the 41 bad Effects I have described will be obviated."

That the Council, having received the Proposition for the Removal of the Administrator aforesaid, did also in a Letter to him (the said Hastings) condemn the frequent Changes by him made in the Administration of the Cohesions of Benares’, but did consent to such Alterations as might be made without encroaching on the Rights established by his (the said Hastings's) Agreement in the Year 1781, and did desire him to transmit to them his Plan for a new Administration.

That the said Hastings did transmit a Plan, which, notwithstanding the Evils which had happen-jd from the former frequent Changes, lie did propose as a temporary Expedient for the Administration of the Revenues of the said Province; in which no Provision was made for the Reduction or Remiftion of Revenue, as Exigences might require; or for the Extraction of the circulating Specie from the said Province; or for the Supply of the necessary Advances for Cultivation; nor for the Removal or Prevention of any of the Grievances by him before complained of, other than an Inspection by the Resident and the Chief Criminal Magistrate of Benares, and other Regulations equally void of Effect and Authority: And which Plan Mr. Stables, One of the Supreme Council, did altogether reject; hut the same was approved of, as a temporary Expedient, with some Exceptions, by Two other Members of the Board, Mr. Wheler and Mr. Macpherson, declaring the said Warren Hastings responsible for the temporary Expediency of the same.

That the said Warren Hastings, in the Plan aforesaid, having strongly objected to the Appointment of any European Collectors, that is to say, of any European Servants of the Company being concerned in the fame, declaring that there had been sufficient Experience of the ill Effects of their being lb employed in the Province of Bengal; by which the said Hastings did either, in loose and general Terms, convey a false Imputation upon the Conduct of the Company’s Servants employed in the Collection of the Revenues of Bengal; or he was guilty of a criminal Neglect of Duty, in not bringing to Punishment the particular Persons, whole evil Practices had given Rife to such a general Imputation on British Subjects and Servants of Vol.41.

the Company, as to render them unfit for Service in Charges other Places. against.

That the said Warren Hastings having, in the Course of Three Yearn, made Three complete Resolutions in the State of Benares, by expelling, in the First Instance, the lawful and rightful Governor of the lame, under whose Care and Superintendance a large and certain Revenue, suitable to the Abilities of the Country, and confident with its Prosperity, was paid with the greatest Punctuality; and by afterwards displacing two effective Governors or Administrators of the Province appointed in Succession by himself; and in consequence of the said Appointments, and violent and arbitrary Removals, the said Province " being left in Effect without a Government," except in one City only; and having, after all, settled no more than a temporary Arrangement; is guilty of an high Crime and Misdemeanor, in the Destruction of the Country aforesaid.

N* 4-

Prineeffes of Oude.

I. That the Reigning Nabob of Oude, commonly called Asoph til Dowla (Son and Successor to Siyah ul Dowld)

by taking into, or continuing in his Pay, certain Bodies videHaftings,» of Regular British Troops, and by having afterwards Briftw,m*3d° admitted the British Resident at his Court into the oaober 17s*. Management of all his Affairs, foreign and domestic, and particularly into the Administration of his Finances, did gradually become, in Substance and Effect, as well as in general Repute and Estimation, a Dependant on, or Vassal of the East India Company; and was, and is, i«h Rep. p. i». so much under the Controul of the Governor General vide^/mLr. and Council of Bengal, that, in the Opinion of all the 23d Sept. 1781. Native Powers, the English Name and Character is NarT.K®"*. o. concerned in every Act of his Government.

II. That Warren Hastings, Esquire, contrary to Law, and to his Duty, and in Disobedience to the Orders of the East India Company, arrogating to himself the Nomination of the Resident at the Court of Oude, as his particular Agent and Representative,

and rejecting the Resident appointed by the Company, 5th Rep-App-and obtruding upon them a Person of his own Choice, ,th Dupage 56. did, from that Time, render himself in a particular con*", *u Dee. Manner responsible for the good Government of the 177 Provinces composing the Dominions of the Nabob of Oude.

III. That the Provinces aforesaid having been, at

the Time of their First Connection with the Company, in an improved and flourishing Condition, and yielding a Revenue of more than Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts, did, loon after that Period, begin ienfibly to decline; and the Subsidy of the British Troops stationed in that Province, as well as other Sums of Money due to the Company by Treaty, ran considerably in Arrear; although the Prince of the Country, during the Time these Arrears accrued, was otherwise in Dittreis, and had been obliged to reduce all iothRep. P. 10, his Establishments. ai*

IV. That the Prince aforesaid, or Nabob of Oude, d9. n° 7. did, in humble and submissive Terms, supplicate the 1»thNoT I77»-said Warren Hastings, to be relieved from a Body of Troops, whole licentious Behaviour he complained of,

and who were stationed in his Country without any Obligation by Treaty to maintain them; pleading the Failure of Harvest and the Prevalence of Famine in his Country; d*

— a Compliance with which Request, by the said Warren I3thDce’17790 Hastings, was refused in unbecoming, offensive, and insulting Language.

V. That the said Nabob, labouring under the aforesaid and other Burthens, and being continually urged for Payment, was advised to extort, and did extort from his Mother and Grandmother, under

the

5°4

4* Aprilis.

A. 178

Charges the pretext of Loans (and sometimes without that Ap-against pearance) various great Sums of Money, amounting in Air. Halting*. whole to 630,000l. Sterling, or thereabouts; alledging in Excuse the rigorous Demands of the India Company, for whose Use the said extorted Money had been demanded, and to which a considerable Part of it had been applied.

VI. That the Two Female Parents of the Nabob aforesaid, were among the Women of the greatest Rank, Family, and Distinction in Asia; and were left by the deceased Nabob, tire Son of the one, and the Hu (band of the other, in Charge of certain considerable Part of his Treasures in Money, and other valuable Moveables, as well as certain Landed Estates, called Jaghires, in order to the Support of their own Dignity, and the honourable Maintenance of his Women, and a'numerous

loth Rep. Offspring and their Dependents; the said Family oth d©L *775. amounting in the Whole to Two thousand Persons, who were by the said Nabob, at his Death, recommended in a particular Manner to the Care and Protection of the said 'WarrenHastings.

VII. That on the Demand of the Nabob of Oude, on his Parents for the last of the Sums, which completed the Six hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds aforesaid, they the said Parents did positively refuse to pay any Part of the same to their Son, for the Use of the Company, until he should agree to certain Terms, to be stipulated in a regular Treaty; and, among other Particulars, to secure them in the Remainder of their Possessions, and also on no Account or Pretence to make any further Demands or Claims on them; and, well knowing from whence all his Claims and Exactions bad arisen, they demanded that the said Treaty, or Family Compact, should be guaranteed by the Governor General

10 Rep. App. 1. and Council of Bengal: And a Treaty was accordingly ijthoa. 177j. ag,.ee(j to, executed by the Nabob, and guartanteed by John Bristow, Esquire, the Resident at Oude, under the Authority and with the express Consent of the said Warren Hastings, and the Council General, and in consequence thereof, the Sum last required was paid, and Discharges given to the Nabob for all the Money which he had borrowed from his own Mother and the Mother of his Father.

That the Distresses and Disorders in the Nabob’s Government, and his Debt to the Company, continuing to increase, notwithstanding the violent Methods before-App. to Sapp, mentioned taken to augment his Resources, the said ty.J,^ep‘ Warren Hastings, on the 21st of May and on the 31st July 1781 (be and Mr. JVheler being the only remaining Members of the Council General, and he having the conclusive and casting Voice, and thereby being in Effect the whole Council) did, in the Name and under the Authority of the Board, resolve on a Journey to the Upper Provinces, in order to a personal Interview with the Nabob of Oude, towards the Settlement of his distressed Affairsj and did give to himself a Delegation of the Powers of the said Council, in direct 4th*jui ^777 Violation of the Company’s Orders, forbidding such Par* 40^4'/47. Delegation.

VIII. That the said Warren , having by his

mhs«pt.i7Si. Appointment met the Nabob of Oude near a Place called Ckunar, and possessing an entire and absolute Command over the said Prince, he did, contrary to Justice and Equity, and the Security of Property, as well as to Public Faith and the Sanction of the Com-ioih Rep. p. ? pany?s Guarantee, under the Colour of a Treaty, which 19thSept. 1781. 'Tj-gjrty was conducted secretly without a written Document of any Part of the Proceedings (except the pretended Treaty itself) authorize the said Nabob to seize upon, and confiscate to his own Profit, the Landed Estates, called Jaghires, of his Parents, Kindred, and principal Nobility; only stipulating a Pension to the Net Amount -of the Rent of the said Lands as an Equivalent, and

that Equivalent to such only whole Lands had been guaranteed to them by the Company: But provided, neither in the said pretended Treaty, nor in any fuble-quest Act, the least security for the Payment of the said Pension to those for whom such Pension was ostensibly reserved; and, for the others, not so much as a Shew of Indemnity; — to the extreme Scandal of the British Government, which, valuing itself upon a strict Regard to Property, did expressly authorize, if it did not command, an Attack upon that Right, unprecedented in the despotic Governments of India.

IX. That the said Warren Hastings, in order to cover the violent and unjust Proceedings aforesaid, did assert a Claim of Right in the same Nabob to all the Possessions of his said Mother and Grandmother, as belonging to him by the Mahomedan Law; and this pre- A,oth"f£ tended Claim was set up by the said Warren Hastings, pp" after the Nabob had, by a regular Treaty, ratified and guaranteed by the said Hastings as Governor General, renounced and released all Demands on them., And

this false Pretence of a legal Demand was taken up and acted upon by the said Warren Hastings, without laying the said Question on Record before the Council General, or giving Notice to the Persons to be affected thereby, to support their Rights before any of the principal Magistrates and Expounders of the Mahomedan Law, or taking publicly the Opinions of any Person conversant therein.

X. That, in order to give farther Colour to the Acts of ill Faith and Violence aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings did cause to be taken at Lucknow, and other Places, before divers Persons, and particularly before

Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, His Majesty’s Chief Justice, soppaoidRep. acting extrajudicially, and not within the Limits of his a7thNov.i7Si. Jurisdiction, several passionate, carelefe, irrelevant, and irregular Affidavits, confuting of Matter not fit to be deposed on Oath; of Reports, Conjectures, and Hearfaysj some of the Persons swearing to the said d»,n»i.». of Hearfays having declined to declare from whom they ^yCoU u,m' heard the Accounts at Second Hand sworn to: The said Affidavits in general tending to support the calumnious Charge of the said Warren Hastings j namely, that the aged Women before mentioned had formed, or wthRep. engaged in, a Plan for the Deposition of their Son and p*e *' Sovereign, and the utter Extirpation of the English Nation: And neither the said Charge against; Persons, whole Dependence was principally, if not wholly, on the good Faith of this Nation, and highly affecting the Honour, Property, and even Lives of Women of the higbeft Condition; nor the Affidavits intended to support the fame, extrajudicially taken ex parte, and without Notice, by the said Sir Elijah Impe, and others, were at any Time communicated to the Parties charged, or to any Agent for them; nor were they called upon to answer, nor any Explanation demanded of them.

XI. That the Article, affecting private Property *oth Rep. p. t. secured by public Acts, in the said pretended Treaty, contains nothing more than a general Permission, given

by the said Warren Hastings, for confiscating such Jaghires or Landed Estates, with the Modifications therein contained, " as he [the Nabob] may find " necessary;" but does not directly point at, or express by Name, any of the Landed Possessions of the Nabob’s Mother: But soon after, the Signing of the said pretended Treaty (that is, on the 29th November 1781) it did appear, that a principal Object thereof was to enable the Nabob to seize upon the Estates of his Female Parents aforesaid, which had been guaranteed to them by the East India Company.

And although in the Treaty, or pretended Treaty, aforesaid, nothing more is purported than to give a Ample Permission to the Nabob to seize upon and confiscate the Estates, leaving the Execution or Nonexecution

Aim

26 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis. 505

execution of the same wholly to his Discretion; yet it appears by several Letters from Nathaniel Esquire, the Resident at the Court of Oude, of the 6th, 7th, and 9th of December 1781, that no such Discretion, as expressed in the Treaty, was left, or intended to be left with him the said Nabob; but that the said Article ought practically to have a Construction of a directly contrary Tendency; that, instead of considering the Article as originating from the Nabob, and containing a Power provided in his Favour, which he did not possefe before, the Confiscation of the Jaghires aforesaid was to be considered as a Measure originating from the Englishand to be intended for their Benefit; and as such, that the Execution was to be forced upon him; and the Execution thereof was accordingly forced upon him. And the Resident, Middleton, on the Nabob’s Refusal to act in Contradiction to his fivorn Engagement, guaranteed by the East Inaia Company, and in the undutiful and unnatural Manner required, did totally supersede his Authority in his own Dominions, considering himself as im powered lb to act by the Instructions of the said Hastings, although he had Reason to apprehend a general Insurrection in Consequence thereof, and that he found it 'necessary to remove his Family, " which he " did not wish to retain there, in case of a Rupture " with the Nabob, or the Necessity of employing the " British Forces in the Reduction of his Aumils and " Troopsand he did accordingly, as Sovereign, issue his own Edicts and Warrants, in Defiance of the Refinance of the Nabob, in the Manner by him described in the Letters aforesaid, in a Letter of 6th December 1781; that is to say " Finding the Nabob wavering " in his Determination about the Resumption of the " Jaghires, I this Day, in Prelence of and with the " Minister’s Concurrence, ordered the necessary Perwannahs to be written to the several Aumils for that " Purpose; and it was my firm Resolution to have dispatched them this Evening, with proper People to fee " them punctually and implicitly carried into Execution; " but before they were all transcribed, I received a " Message from the Nabob, who had been informed " by the Minister of the Resolution I had taken, intreating that I would withhold the Perwannahs until " Tomorrow Morning, when he would attend me, and " afford me Satisfaction on this Point. As the Loss of " a few Hours in the Dispatch of the Perwannahs appeared of little Moment, and as it is possible the " Nabob, seeing that the Business will at all Events be " done, may make it an Act of his own, I have consented " to indulge him in his Request; but, be the Result of " our Interview whatever it may, nothing shall prevent "the Orders being issued Tomorrow, either by him or " myself, with the Concurrence of the Mnisters. Your Pleasure respecting the Begums I have learnt from Sir " Elijah-, and the Measure heretofore propoted will " loon follow the Resumption of the Jaghires. From " both, or indeed from the former alone, I have no Doubt " of the complete Liquidation of the Company’s Balance." — And also in another Letter of the 7th December, 1781, — " I had the Honour to address you " Yesterday, informing you of the Steps I had taken in <c regard to the Resumption of the Jaghires. This Morning the Vizier came to me according to his " ment, but seemingly without any Intention or Desire " to yield me Satisfaction on the Subject under Discussion; " for, after a great deal of Conversation, consisting, on " his Part, of trifling Evasion and puerile Excuses " withholding his Assent to the Measure, though at the " same Time professing the most implicit Submission to " your Wishes, I found myself without any other Resource, than the One of employing that exclusive Authority with which I consider your Instructions to vest " me: I therefore declared to the Nabob, in Presence of " the Minister and Mr. Johnson, who I desired might You 41.

" bear Witness of the Conversation, That I construed his " Rejection of the Measure proposed, as a Breach of his " solemn Promise to you, and an to y ield that

" Assistance, which was evidently in his Pou er, towards 1 ‘liquidating his heavy accumulating Debt to the Company; " and that I must in Consequence determine, in my own " Justification, to issue immediately the Perwannahs, " which had only been withheld in the sanguine Hope, " that he would be prevailed upon to make that his own " Act, which nothing but the most urgent Necessity could " force me to make mine. — He left me without any Reply; " but afterwards lent for his Minister, and authorized " him to give me Hopes, that my Requisition would be " complied with; on which I expressed my Satisfaction, " but declared, that I could admit of no further Delays; " and unless I received his Excellency’s formal Acquiescence before the Evening, I should then most assuredly issue my Perwannahs; which I have accordingly " done, not having had any Assurances from his Excellency, that could justify a further Suspension. I shall, " as soon as possible, inform you of the Effect of the " Perwannahs, which, in many Parts, I am apprehensive " it will be found necessary to enforce with Military Aid. " I am not, however, entirely without Hopes that the " Nabob, when he sees the Inefficacy of further Opposition, may alter his Condufct, and prevent the Confusion " and disagreeable Consequences which would be too likely " to result from the Prosecution a Measure of such " Importance, without his Concurrence. His Excellency e' talks of going to Fyzabad, for the Purpose heretofore " mentioned, in Three or Four Days; I he may be " serious in his Intention, and you may rest assured, I " shall spare no Pains to keep him to it."---- And fur-

ther, in a Letter of the 9th December 1781 — " I had " the Honour to address you on the 7th Initant, informing " you of the Conversation which had passed between the " Nabob and me, on the Subject of resuming the " Jaghires, and the Step I had taken in Consequence. " His Excellency appeared to be very much hurt and " incensed at the Measure-, and loudly complains of the " Treachery of his Ministers;First, in giving you any

" Hopes that such a Measure would be adopted; and, " Secondly, in their promising me their whole Support in " carrying it through: But, as I apprehended, rather " than suffer it to appear that the Point had been carried " in Opposition to his Will, he length yielded a nominal " Acquiescence, and has this Day issued his own Perwannahs to that Effect; declaring, however, at the " same Time, both to me and his Ministers, that it is an Act of Compulsion. I hope to be able, in a few Days, " in Consequence of this Measure, to transmit you an " Account of the actual Value and Produce of the Jaghires opposed to the nominal Amount at which they " stand rated on the Books of the Circar."

XII. That the said Warren Hastings, instead of expressing any Disapprobation of the Proceedings aforesaid, in Violation of the Rights secured by Treaty with the Mother and Grandmother of the reigning Prince of Oude, and not leis in Violation of the Sovereign Rights of the Nabob himself, did, by frequent Messages, stimulate the said Middleton to a Perleve-rance in, and to a rigorous Execution of the fame: And in his Letter from Benares of the 25th December 1781, didj " express Doubts of his Firmness and Activity, and, above all, of his Recollection of his Instructions, and their Importance; and that, if he could " uot rely on his own [Power] and the Means he pofsessed for performing those Services, he wuld free him " [the said Middleton] from the Charges, and would " proceed himself to Lucknow, and would under-

" take them.’’

XIII. That very doubtful Credit is to be given to any Letters written by the said Middleton to the said Warren Hastings, when they answer the Purposes

6 N which

Charges

against

Mr.HaAings.

Charges

against Mr. Hastings.

Sic Orig.

506 40 Aprilis. 1786.

which the said Warren Hastings had evidently in View, the said Middleton having written to him in the following Manner from Lucknow, 30th December 1781:

XIV. " My Dear Sir, I have this Day answered " your Public Letter in the Form you seem to " I hope there is nothing in it that may appear to you " too pointed. If you wish the Matter to be otherwise " understood than I have taken up and stated it, I need " not say I shall be ready to conform to whatever you " may prescribe, and to take upon myself any Share the

" Blame of the (hitherto) Non-performance of the Stipulations made on Behalf of the Nabob. Though I

" do allure you, I myself represented to his Excellency " and the Ministers, conceiving it to be your Delire,

" that the apparent Assumption of the Reins of his " Government (for in that Light he undoubtedly considered it at the first View) as specified in the Agreentent executed by him, was not meant to be fully " and literally enforced, but that it was necessary you " should have something to shew on your Side, as the " pany were deprived of a Benefit without a Requital-,

" and upon the Faith of this Assurance alone, I believe " I may safely affirm his Excellency’s Objections to " signing the Treaty were given up. If I have understood the Matter wrong, or milconceived your Design,

" I am truly sorry for it; hazeever, it is not too late to " correct the Ert-or-, and I am ready to undertake, and,

" God willing, to carry through, whatever you may, on " Receipt of my public Letter, tell me is your final Resolve.’'

XV. That it appears, but on his the said Middleton's foie Authority, in a Letter from the said Middleton, dated Lucknow, 2d December 1781, that the Nabob of Oude, wishing to evade the Measure of resuming the Jaghires aforesaid, did fend a Message to him, purporting, " that if the Measure proposed was intended to " procure the Payment of the Balance due to the Company, he could better and more expeditiously effect " that Object, by taking from his Mother the Treasures " of his Father, which he did assert to be in her Hands,

" and to which he did claim a Right; and that it would be " sufficient that he the said Ha

" upon it, without giving aformal Sanction to the Measure " proposed; and that whatever his Resolution upon the

" Subject should be, it would be expedient to keep it " secretadding " the Resumption of the Jaghires it " is necessary to suspend till I have your Answer to this " Letter."

XVI. That it does not appear that the said Hastings did write any Letter in Answer to the Proposal of the said Middleton, but he, the said Hastings, did communicate his Pleasure thereon to Sir Elijah Impey, being then at Lucknozc, for his the said Middleton's Information; and it does appear, that the Seizing of the Treasures of the Mother of the Nabob, said to have been proposed as an Alternative by the said Nabob, to prevent the Resumption of the Jaghire, was determined upon and ordered by the said Hastings-, and that the Resumption of the said Jaghires, for the Ransom of which the Seizing of the Treasures was proposed, was also directed; not one only but both Sides of the Alternative being enforced upon the Female Parents of the Nabob aforesaid, although both the one and the other had been secured to them by a Treaty with the East India Company.

XVIII. That Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, His Majesty’s Chief Justice at Fort William, did undertake a Journey of Nine hundred Miles, from Calcutta to Lucknow, on Pretence of Health and Pleasure; but was in reality in the Secret of these and other irregular Transactions, and employed as a Channel of Confidential Communication therein. And the said Warren Hastings, by presuming to employ the said Chief Justice, a Person particularly unfit for an Agent, in the Transaction of Affairs, prima at least unjust,'violent, and oppressive, contrary to public Faith,

and to the Sentiments and Law of Nature, and which lie the said Hastings was sensible " could not fail to " draw Obloquy on himself by his Participation," did disgrace the Kings Commission, and render odious to the Natives of Hindostan the Justice of the Crown of Great Britain.

XIX. That although the said Warren Hastings was from the Beginning duly informed of the Violence offered to the personal Inclinations of the Nabob, and the " apparent Assumption of the Reins of his Government," for the Purposes aforesaid; yet, more than Two Years after, he did write to his private Agent, Major Palmer, that is to say, in his Letter of the 6th of May 1783, "that it has been a Matter of equal " Surprise and Concern to him, to learn from the Letters " of the Resident, that the Nabob Vizier was with " Difficulty, and almost unconquerable Reluctance, " induced to give his Content to the Attachment of the " Treafore deposited by his Father, under the Charge " of the Begum his Mother, and to the Resumption of " her Jaghire, and the other Jaghires of the Individuals " of his Familywhich Pretence of Ignorance of the Nabob's Inclinations, is fictitious and groundless. But whatever Deception he might preterid to be in concerning the original Intention of the Nabob, he was not, nor did he pretend to be, ignorant of his, the Nabob’s, Reluctance to proceed in the said Measures; but did admit his Knowledge of the Nabob’s Reluctance to their full Execution, and yet did justify the same as follows:

XX. " I desire that you will inform him (the

" Nabob) that in these and the other Measures which " were either proposed by him, or received his Concurrence in the Agreement passed between us at Chunar, " I neither had nor could have any object but his Relief, " and the Strengthening of his Connexion with the pany; and that I should not on any other Ground " have exposed myself to the personal Obloquy which they " could not fail- to draco upon me by my Participation in " them, but left him to regulate by his own Dil'cretion,

" and by his own Means, the Oeconomy of his own Finances, and with much more Cause, the Assertion of " his domestic Right. In these, he had no regular Claim to my Interference; nor had I, in my public Character, any Claim upon him, but for the Payment of the " Debt then due from him to the Company, although " I was under the strongest Obligations to require it " for the Relief of the pressing Exigencies of their " Affairs. — He will well remember the Manner in " which, at a Visit to him in his own Tent, I declared " my Acquiescence freely and without Hesitation to " each Proposition which afterwards formed the Substance of a written Agreement, as he severally made " them; and he can want no other Evidence of my " Motives for so cheerful a Consent, nor for the Requests " which I added as the Means of fulfilling his Purposes in them. Had he not made these Measures " his own Option, I should not have proposed them; " but having once adopted them, and made them the " Conditions of a formal and sacred Agreement, I had " no longer an Option to dispense with' them, but was " bound to the complete Performance and Execution of " them, as Points of public Duty and of National " Faith, for which I was responsible to my King, and " the Company my immediate Superiors -, and this was " the Reason for my insisting on their Performance and " Execution when I was told that the Nabob himself had " relaxed from his original Purpose, and expressed a " Reluctance to proceed in it."

XXI. That the said Warren does admit, that

the Nabob had originally no regular Claim upon him for his Interference, or he any Claim on the Nabob, which might entitle him to interfere in the Nabob’s domestic Concerns; yet, in order to justify his so invidious

an

26 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis. 507

an Interference, he did, in the Letter aforesaid, give a false Account of the said Treaty, which (as before mentioned) did nothing more than give a Permission to the Nabob to resume the Jaghires, If HE should judge the same to be necessary; and did therefore leave the Right of dispensing with the Whole, or any Part thereof, as much in his Option after the Treaty, as it was before; the declared Intent of the Article being only to remove the Restraint of the Company’s Guarantee forbidding such Resumption, but furnishing nothing which could authorize putting that Resumption into the Hands and Power of the Company, to be enforced at their Discretion. And with regard to the other Part of the Spoil made by Order of the said Hastings, and by him, in the Letter aforesaid, stated to be made equally against the Will of the Nabob, namely that which was committed on the personal and moveable Property of the Female Parents of the Nabob, nothing whatsoever in relation to the same is stipulated in the said pretended Treaty.

XXII. That the said Hastings, in asserting that he . was bound to the Acts aforesaid by public Duty, and even by National Faith, in the very Instance in which that National Faith was by him grossly violated, and in justifving himself, by alledging that he w-as bound to the complete Execution, by a Re-fponfibility to the Company which he immediately served, and by asserting, that these violent and rapacious Proceedings, subjecting all Persons concerned in them to Obloquy, w ould be the Means of strengthening the Connexion of the Nabob with the British United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, did disgrace the Authority under which he immediately acted. And that the said Hastings, in justifying his Obligations to the said Acts by a Responsibility to the King, namely, to the King of Great Britain, did endeavour to throw upon His Majesty, his lawful Sovereign (whose Name and Character he was bound to respect, and to preserve in Estimation with all Persons, and particularly with the Sovereign Princes, the Allies of his Government) the Dilgrace and Odium of the aforesaid Acts, in which a Sovereign Prince was by him the said Hastings made an Instrument of Perfidy, Wrong, and Outrage, to Tw’o Mothers and Wives of Sovereign Princes; and in which he did exhibit to all Asia (a Country remarkable for the utmost Devotion to parental Authority) the Spe&acle of a Christian

tothRep. n°6. Governor representing a Christian Sovereign compelling a Son to become the Inltrument of such Violence and Extortion against; his own Mother.

That the said Warren Hastings, by repeated Mef-lages and Injunctions, and under Menaces of " a dreadful Responsibility," did urge the Resident to a Completion of this barbarous Act; and well knowing that such an Act would probably be refilled, did order him the said Resident to ule the British Troops under his Direction for that Purpose, and did offer the Assistance of further Forces, urging the Execution in the following

>6th Dec. 1781. peremptory Terms: " You must be Personally

" present; you mull not allow any Negociation or Forbearance; but mull prosecute both Services, until the " Begums (Princesses) are at the entire Mercy of the " Nabob."

ijtb jul 178*. XXIII. That in Conformity to the said peremptory Orders, a Party of British and other Troops, with the Nabob in the oftenlible, and the British Resident in the real Command, were drawn towards the City of Fyzabad, in the Cattle of which City the Mother and Grandmother of the Nabob had their Residence; and after expending Two Days in Negociation (the Particulars of which do not appear) the Resident not receiving the Satisfaction he looked for, the Town was first stormed, and afterwards the Cattle; and little or Vox.. 41.

no Ueliftance being made, and no Blood being (bed- on Charges either Side, the British Troops occupied all the outer against Inclosure of the Palace of One of the Princesses, and blocked up the other.

XXIV. That this violent Assault and forcible Occupation of their Houses, and the further Extremities they had to apprehend, did not prevail on the Female Parents of the Nabob to consent to any Submission, until the Resident lent in unto them a Letter from the said Warren Hastings (no Copy of which appears) de- 18th j»n. 178a. daring himself no longer bound by the Guaranty, and containing such other Matter as tended to remove all their Hopes, which seemed to be centered in British Faith.

XXV. That the Chief Officers of their Household, who were their Treasurers and confidential Agents, the Eunuchs Jezcar Ali Khan and Behar Khdn, Persons of great Eminence, Hank, and Distinction, who had been in high Trust and Favour with the late Nabob, were ignominioully put into Confinement under an inferior Officer, in order to extort the Discovery of the Treasures and Effects committed to their Care and Fidelity. And the said Middleton did loon after, that

is to say, on the 12th of January 1782, deliver them over for the same Purpose into the Custody of Captain Neal Stuart, commanding the 8th Regiment, by his Order given in the following Words: " To be " kept in close and secure Confinement, admitting,

" of no Intercourse with them, excepting by their " Four menial Servants, who are authorized to attend " them until further Orders. You will allow them to " have any Necessary and Convenience which may be " consistent with a ftri6t Guard over them."

XXVI. That in Consequence of these Severities upon herself, and those whom lhe moll regarded and trusted, the Mother of the said Nabob did at length consent to the delivering up of her Treasures, and the same were paid to the Resident, to the Amount of the Bond given by the Nabob to the Company for his Balance of the Year 1779-80, and the said Treasure " was taken from the most secret " Recesses in the Houses of the Two Eunuchs."

XXVII. That the Nabob continuing Hill under the Pressure of a further pretended Debt to the Company for his Balance of the Year 1780-81, the Resident, not1 satisfied with the Seizure of the Estates and TreasureS of his Parents aforesaid, although he the said Resident did confess that the Princefe Mother " had declared, with apparent Truth, that lhe had " delivered up the Whole of the Property in her Hands,

" excepting Goods, which from the Experience which " he the Resident had of the small produce of the " Sales of a former Payment made by her in that " Mode, he did refule, and that, in his Opinion, it " certainly would have amounted to little or nothing," did proceed to extort another great Sum of Money, that is to say the Sum of £. 120,000 Sterling, on Account of the last pretended Balance aforesaid. In order therefore to compel the said Ministers and Treasurers either to distress their Principals, by extorting , whatever valuable Substance might, by any Possibility, remain concealed, or to furnish the said Sum from their own Estates, or from their Credit with their Friends, did order their Imprisonment to be aggravated with Circumstances of great Cruelty, giving an Order to Lieutenant Francis Rutledge, dated 20th January 1782, in the following Words:

XXVIII. " Sir, When this Note is delivered to

" you by Hoolas Roy, I have to desire, that you order " the Two Prisoners to be put in Irons, keeping them " from all Food, §c. agreeable to my Instructions of " Yesterday. „ Signed) NatJjf C

XXIX. That

0

Charges

against Mr. Hailing#.

Letter from Mr. Midd'eton, sd Feb. 1782.

Leek now, ii«l July 1781.

4

A. 178

XXIX. That by the said unjust and rigorous Proceeding, the said Eunuchs were compelled to give their Engagement for the Payment of 120,000l. Sterling aforesaid, to be completed within the Period of One Month: But after they had entered into the said compul-lory Engagement, they were still kept in close Im-pfifonment, and the Mother and Grandmother of the Nabob were themselves held under a ftri6t Guard; although at the same Time the conlifcated Estates were actually in the Company’s Pofiession, and found to exceed the Amount of what they were rated at in the general Lift of conlifcated Estates; and although the Assistant Resident Johnson did confess " that the Object " of distressing the Bhow Begum was merely to obtain " a ready Money instead of a dilatory Payment, and that this ready Money Payment if not paid, was " recoverable in the Course of a few Months upon the " Jaghires in his Possession; and that therefore it was " not worth proceeding to any Extremities beyond the " one described (namely, the Confinement of the Princelfes, and the Imprisonment and fettering of their

Ministers) upon so respectable a Family."

XXX. That after the Surrender of the Treasure,

and the passing the Bonds and Obligations given as aforesaid, the Resident having been ftricUy ordered by the said Warren Hastings not to make any Settlement whatsoever with the said Women of high Rank, the Nabob was induced to leave the City of with-

out taking Leave of his Mother, or shewing her any Mark of Duty or Civility. And on the same Day the Resident left the City aforesaid; and after his Return to Lucknow, in order to pacify the said , who

appeared to relent that the Nabob was not urged to greater Degrees of Rigour than those hitherto used towards his Mother, he the said Resident did, in his Letter of the 6th February, give him an Assurance in the following Words: — " I shall, as you direct, use my Influence to dissuade his Excellency from concluding any " Settlement until I have your further Commands."

XXXI. That the Payment of the Bond last extorted from the Eunuchs was soon after commenced, and the Grandmother, as well as the Mother, were now compelled to deliver what they declared was the Extent of the Whole of both their Possessions, including down to their Table Utensils; which, as the Resident admitted, " they had been, and where still delivering, and that " no Proof had yet been obtained of their having " more."

XXXII. That Bullion, Jewels, and Goods, to the Amount of Five hundred thousand Pounds and upwards, were actually received by the Resident, for the Use of the Company, before the 23d of February 1782; and there remained, on the said extorted Bond, no more that about 25,000 /. according to the Statement of the Eunuchs, and not above Fifty thousand according to that made by the Resident.

XXXIII. That in this advanced State of the Delivery of the extorted Treasure, the Ministers of the Women aforesaid of the reigning Family, did apply to Captain Leonard Jaques, under whose Custody they were confined, to be informed of the Deficiency with which they stood charged, that they might endeavour, with the Assistance of their Friends, to provide for the fame, and praying that they might, through his Mediation, be freed from the Hardships they suffered under their Confinement; to which Application they received an inlolent Answer from the said Richard Johnson, dated February 27th, 1782, declaring, that Part of what he had received in Payment was in Jewels and Bullion; and that more than a Month, the Time fixed for the final Payment, would elapse before he could dispose of the fame; infilling upon a ready Money Payment, and alluring them, "that the Day

" on which their Agreement expired, he should be indispensably obliged to re-commence Severities upon " them, until the last Farthing was fully paid." And in order to add to their Terrors and Hardships, as well as to find some Pretext for the further cruel and inhuman Acts intended, an apparently groundless and injurious Charge was suggested to the imprisoned Ministers aforesaid, in the following Words: — " You may " also mention to them, that I have Reason to suspect " that the Commotions raised by Bulbudder, has not " been without their Suggestion and Abetment, which,

" if proved upon them, in Addition to the probable " Breach of their Agreement, will make their Situation " very desperate."

XXXIV. That on the Receipt of the said Letter, that is, on the 2d March, the Ministers aforesaid did aver, that they were not able to obtain Calli in lieu of the Jewels and other Effects; but that if the Goods were fold, and they released from their Confinement, and permitted (as they have before requested) to go Abroad among their Friends, they could soon make good the Deficiency; and they did absolutely deny " that they " had any Hand in the Commotions raised by Bulbudder,

" or any Kind of Correspondence with hiuu or his " Adherents."

XXXV. That the Prisoners aforesaid did shortly after, that is to say, on the 13th March, a Third Time renew their Application to Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, the Resident, and did request that the Jewels remaining in his the said Resident’s Hands, towards the Payment of the Balance remaining, " might be valued by Four or " Five eminent Merchants, Musselmen and

" upon Oath," and that if any Balance should afterwards appear, they would upon their Release get their Friends to advance the fame: And they did again represent the Hardship of their Imprisonment, and pray for Relief; and did again assert, that the Imputations thrown upon them by the said Richard Johnson were false and groundlels; " that they had no kiud of Intercourse, " either directly or indirectly, with the Authors of the " Commotions alluded to, and that they did stake their Lives upon the smallest Proof thereof being brought."

XXXVI. That, instead of their receiving any Ar.-fwer to any of the aforesaid reasonable Piopofitious, concerning either the Account stated, or the Crimes imputed to them, or any Relief from the Hardships they suffered, he, the Resident Middleton, did, on the 18th of the said Month, give to the Officer who had supplicated in Favour of the said Prisoners, an Order, in which he declared himself " under the " disagreeable Necessity of recurring to Severities, to " enforce the said Payment; and that this is therefore to desire that you immediately cause then# to " be put in Irons, and keep them so until I shall " arrive at Fyzabad, to take further Measures as may " be necessary." Which Order being received at Fyzabad the Day after it was given, the said Eunuchs were a Second Time thrown into Irons. And it appears that (probably in Resentment for the humane Representations of the said Captain Jaques) the Resident did refuse to pay for the Fetters, and other contingent Charges of the Imprisonment of the said Miniftei;s of the Nabob’s Mother, when at the same Time very liberal contingent Allowances were made to other Officers: and the said Jaques did strongly re* monstrate against the same as follows: — " You have " also ordered me to put the Prisoners in Irons — This " I have done: Yet, as I have no Business to purchase Fetters, or supply them any other Way, it is " but reasonable that you should order me to be " reimbursed. And why should I add any Thing " more ? A late Commander at this Place, I am told, " draws near as many Thousands, Monthly Contingencies,

as

6 Geo. III. 4® Aprilis. 509

" as my trifling Letter for Hundreds. However, " to procure them in the other; and set them- make Charges'

" if you cannot get my Bill paid, be so obliging as " their Option."

" to return it; and give me an Opportunity of de- XL. That he, the said Resident, did also, at the r'

daring to the World, that I believe I am the first same Time, receive a Letter from the Princess1 Mother',

" Officer in the Company’s Service who has suffered in which Letter does not appear, but to which only the

" his Property by an independent Command." following insolent Return was made; that is to say,

XXXVII. That, in about Two Months after the " The Letter from the Bhow Begum is no Ways

said Prisoners had continued in Irons in the Manner " fetisfafitory, and I cannot think of returning an Answet aforesaid, the Officer on Guard, in a Letter of the " to it. Indeed, all Correspondence between the Begum 18th May, did represent to the Resident as follows: — " and me has long been (topped; and I request yod " The Prisoners, Behar and Jewar AH Khan, who " will be pleased to inform her, that I by no Means

" seem to be very sickly, have requested their Irons " wish to resume it, or to maintain any friendly Intermight be taken off for a few Days, that they might " course with her, until lhe has made good my Claim " take Medicine, and walk about the Garden of the " upon her for the Balance due."

" Place where they are confined. Now, as I am sure XLI. That in consequence of these Threats, and to " they will be equally secure without their Irons as with prevent a Separation of the Miniftefs from their Milthem, I think it my Duty to inform you of this tresses, several Plans for the Payment of the Balance " Requell: I desire to know your Pleasure concerning were offered, both by the Mother of the Nabob, and " it." To which Letter the said Officer did receive a the Prisoners, to which no other Objefition appears to direfit Refusal, dated 22d May 1782, in the following have been made, than the Length of Time required by Words: — " I am sorry it is not in my Power to the Parties to discharge the comparatively small Recomply with your Propofol of easing the Prisoners mainder of the extorted Bond; the Officer on Command " for a few Days of their Fetters. Much as my Hu- declaring, that, conformable to his Inflrufitions, he could " manity may be touched by their Sufferings, I should not receive the same. June 178

" think it inexpedient to afford them any Alleviation, XLI I. That the Prisoners were ofitually removed " while they persist in a Breach of their Contrafit . from the City of their Residence to the City of Lucknow,

" with me; and indeed, no Indulgence can be shewn where they arrived on the 24th of June 1782, and were,

" them without the Authority of the Nal>ob, who, on the next Day, threatened with Severities, " to make " instead of consenting to moderate the Rigours of " them discover where the Balance might be procurable.’*

" their Situation, would be most willing to multiply And on the 28th, it should seem, that the Severities, for " them." Endeavouring to join the Nabob, whom he the purpose aforesaid, were inflifiled, at least upon One well knew to be relufitant in the whole Proceeding, as of them; for the Assistant Resident, Johnson, did, on a Party in the Cruelties, by which, through the Medium that Day, write to Captain Waugh, the Officer com-ofher Servants, it was intended to coerce hisMother. manding the Guard, the Letter following, full of Dif-

XXXVIII. That the said Resident, in a few Days grace to the Honour, Justice, and Humanity of the after, that is to say, on the ill June 1782, in a Letter British Nation.

to Major Gilpin, in Command at Fyzabad, did order XLIII. " Sir, The Nabob having determined to

the Account, as by himself stated, to be read to the " inflict corporal Punishment upon the Prisoners under Prisoners; and, without taking any Notice of their Pro- " your Guard, this is to desire, that his Officers, when pofol concerning the Valuation of the Effefits, or their " they shall come, may have free Access to the Prisoners,

Denial of the Offences imputed to them, to demand ft " and be permitted to do with them as they shall see

positive Answer relative to the Payment; and " upon " proper, only taking Care that they leave them always

" receiving from them a negative or unfotisfafitory Reply, tlunder your Charge."

u to inform them that all further Negociation being at XLIV. That the said Richard Johnson did, further

" an end, they rnuft prepare for their Removal to to terrify the Prisoners, and to extort by all Ways the i7"*r>»thJu,r

" Lucknow, where they would be called upon to answer, Remainder of the said unjust, oppressive, and rapacious

" not only their recent Breach of Faith and foletrin Demand, threaten to remove them out of die Nabob’s

" Engagement, but also to atone for other heavy Dominions into the Castle of Churnagur, in order for Offences; the Punishment of which, as had frequently ever to separate them from their Principals, and deprive

" been signified to them, it was in their Power to both of their reciprocal Protefifion and Services, and

" have mitigated, by a proper Acquittal of themselves did order a further Guard to be put on the Palace of

* in this Transofition." By which Insinuations, con- the Grandmother of the Nabob, an Ally of the Com- ^'t^ohnr

cerning the pretended Offences of the said unhappy pany, and to prevent the Entrance of the Provisions 17s"'41' or

Persona, and the Manner by which they were to atone to her (which Order relative to the Guard only was

for the lame, and by their never having been specifically executed) and did use sundry unworthy and iniulting

and direfitly made, it doth appear, that the said Crimes Menaces, both with regard to herself and to her principal

end Offences were charged for the Purpose of extorting Ministers.

Money, and not upon Principles or for the Ends of Justice. XLV. That a Propofol was soon after made by the

XXXIX. That after some ineffefitual Negocia- foid Princess and her Daughter-in-Law, praying that j-$T’ ' Jur tions to make the Prisoners pay the Money, which it their Ministers aforesaid should be returned to Fyzabad,

does not appear to have been in their Power to pay, and offering to raise a Sum of Money on that Condition; Mr-Johnson* they were again threatened by the Resident, in a Letter as also that they would remove from one of their Palaces, jui* to Major Gilpin, dated 9th June 1782, in the following whilst the English were to be permitted to search the Terms: — " I wish you to explain once more to the other. But the Assistant Resident Johnson did, instead of " Prisoners, the Imprudence and Folly of their Con- a Compliance with the former of these propositions,

" dufit, in forcing me to a Measure which must be fend the following Orders, dated 23d 1782, to the

tf attended with Consequences (b very serious to them; Officer commanding the Guard on the Ministers aforesaid:

44 and that, when once they are removed to LucknoW, " Some violent Demands having been made for the Reit will not be in my Power to shew them Mercy, or " lease of the Prisoners, it is necessary that every possible 41 to (land between them and the Vengeance of the " Precaution be taken for their Security; you will Nabob. Advise them to reflefiP seriously upon the " therefore be pleased to be very ftrifit in guarding the m;

44 unhappy Situation in which1 they will be involved " and I herewith fend another Pair of Fetters to be " in one Cafe, and the Relief it will be in my Power " added to those now upon the And in

Vol. 41. 60 " Answer

i \

5 ro 4' Aprilis. i 78

Charges Answer to the Second Proportion, the said Resident did " the Loan of Monty, to satisfy the Demands of the

MrlHaftinog. reply in the following Terms: " The Propofol of evacuat- " Company, from 'every Person that the imagined'

" ing One Palace, that it may be searched, and then " would or could assist her with any; but that the " evacuating the next, upon the same Principle, is " Opulent would not listen to her Adversity. — She had " apparently fur: But it is well known in the first Place, " hoped that the Wardrobe sent to Lucknow might " that such bricked-up, or otherwise hidden Treasure, have fold for at least One Half of the Company’s is not to be hit upon in a Day, without a Guide. " Demands on her; but even Jewellery and GOods,

" I have therefore informed the Nabob, of this Pro- " (he finds from wdeful Experience, 16fe their Value " posal, and if the Matter is to be reduced to a Search, " the Momertt it is khown they come from her. That " he will go himself with such People as he may possess, " she had now solicited the Loan of Calli from Almas " for Information, together with the Prisoners; and " and if she failed in that Application,

" when in Possession of the Ground, by punishing the " she had rio Hopes of ever borrowing a Sum equal " Prisoners, or by such other Means its lie may find " to the Demand." — An Hope not likely to be re-

" most effectual to forward a successful Search upon the alized, as the said Almas Ali was then engaged for a

" Spot, he will avail himself of die PrOposal made by Sum of Money to be raised for the Company’s Use

" the Bhow Begum." on the Security of their confiscated Lands; the Reftora-

XLVI. That, probably from the Nabob’s known tion of which could form the only apparent Security and avowed Reluctance to lend himself to the Perpetra- for a Loan.

tion of the oppressive and iniquitous Proceedings of the XLIX. That this Reihonftrance produced no Effect Representative of the British Government, the scanda- on the Mind of the aforesaid Resident; who being lous Plan aforesaid was not carried into Execution: And about this Time removed from his Residency, did, in all the Rigours practised upon the Chief Ministers of the a Letter to his Successor Mr. , dated 23d

Ladies aforesaid at Lucknow, being found ineffectual, October 1782, in effect recommend a Perlevemnce and the Princess Mother having declared herself ready in the cruel and oppressive Restraints aforesaid, as a to deliver up every Thing valuable in her Possession, certain Means of Recovering the Remainder of the which Behar Ah Kh&n, One of her confidential extorted Bond; and that the Lands with which the Ministers aforesaid, only could come at, the said Change Princesses aforesaid had been endowed, should not be of Prison was agreed to; — but not until the Nabob’s restored to them.

June end 15th Mother aforesaid had engaged to pay, for the said Change L. That the said Warren Hastings was duly apprized pc. 1781. of prison, a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds (One Half of of all the material Circumstances in the unjust Pro-which was paid on the Return of the Eunuchs) and that ceedings aforesaid; but did nothing to flop the " she would ransack the Zenana (Womens Apartments) Course they were in, Or to prevent, relieve, or mitifor Kincobs, Muslins, Clothes, &$c. 8$c. 8$c. and that gate the Sufferings of the Parties affected by them; " she would even allow a Deduction from the Annual on the contrary, he did, in his Letter of the 25th of " Allowance made to her for her Subsistence in lieu January 1782, to the Resident Middleton, declare, that " of her Jaghire." the Nabob having consented to the " Resumption of

XLVII. That soon after the Return of the afore- " the Jaghires held by the Begums, and to the Con-

said Ministers to the Place of their Imprisonment at " fifeation of their Treasures, and thereby involved

Letter,^1 j nT* Fyzabad, Bonds for the Five Thousand Pounds aforesaid, " my own Name and the Credit of the Company in

Sept. 1781. and Goods, estimated, according to the Valuation of " a Participation of both Measures, I have a Right

a Merchant appointed to value the fame, at the Sum " to require and insist on the complete Execution of them; of Forty Thousand Pounds, even allowing them to fell " and I look to you for their Execution, declaring, greatly under their Value, were delivered to the Com- that I shall hold you accountable for it." And it manding Officer at Fyzabad; and the said Commanding appears, that be did write to the Nabob a Letter in the Officer did promise to the Begum to visit Lucknow with feme peremptory Manner; but the said Letter has been such Proposals as he hoped would secure the small suppressed.

Balance of Fifteen Thousand Pounds remaining of the LI. That he the said Hastings further did manifest the unjust Exaction aforesaid. But the said Resident Mid- Concern he took in, and the Encouragement which dleton did, in his Letter of the 17th of the said Month, he gave to, the Proceedings aforesaid, by conferring positively refute to listen to any Terms, before the final Honours and Distinctions upon the Ministers of the Discharge of the Whole of the Demand; and did Nabob, whom he, the Nabob, did consider as having positively forbid the Commanding Officer to come to in the said Proceedings disobeyed him and betrayed Lucknow to make the Proposal aforesaid, in the Terms him, and as Instruments in the Dictionour of his Famiiy, following: " As it is not possible to listen to any Terms and the Usurpation of his Authority. — That the said " from the Begums, before the final Discharge of their Ministers did make Addresses to the said Hastings for " conditional Agreement for Fifty-five Lacks, your that Purpose (which Addresses the said Hastings hath " coming here upon such an Agency can only be Loss suppressed); and the Resident Middleton did, with his

" of Time in completing the Recovery of the Balance Letter of the 11th of February 1782, transmit the

" of 6,55,000; for which your Regiment was sent to fame; and did, in the said Letter, acquaint the said " Fyzabad. I must therefore desire you will leave no Hastings, " that the Ministers of the Nabob had in-

" Efforts, gentle or harsh, unattempted, to complete " curred much Odium on account of their Participar

" this, before you move from Fyzabad; and I am very " tion in his Measures, and that they were not omy " anxious that this should be as soon as possible, as I " considered by the Party of the dispofieffed JaghiredarS, " want to employ your Regiment upon other emergent and the Mother and Uncle of the Nabob, but by " Service, now suffering by every Delay " the Nabob himself, as the Dependents of the English

XLVIII. That the Goods aforesaid were sent to " which that certainly are; and it is by

Lucknow, and dispo&d of in a Manner unknown; and " its declared and most obvious Support done thh’t the harih and oppressive Measure aforesaid being Hill " they can maintain the Authority and Influence continued, the Begum did, about the Middle of October " which is itidtfpefilably nCceffluy." And’ the said 1782, cause to be represented to the said Middleton Middleton did therefore recommend, " that they should Letter83 follows: "That her Situation was truly pitiable; " be honoured with some Testimony of his (the said oetvil " her Estate sequestered; her Treasury ranfocked; her " Hastings's) Approbation and Favour." And he " Cojahs Prisoners; and her Servants deserting daily the said Warren Hastings did fedd Kellauts or Robes " from Want of Subsistence. That (he had solicited of Honour (the most public and distinguished Mode of k acknowledging

06 Geo. III. 4" Ap

acknowledging Merit knoWfi 1ft!fti&ia) tb the (kid Ministers, iti Testimony of his Approbation of their late Services.

Lit. That the said 'Hastings did not only give the aforesaid public Encouragement to the Ministers of the Nabob to betray and insult their Matter and his Family, in the Manrter aforesaid, but when the said Nabob did write federal Letters to him the skid Hastings, expressive of his DKlike of being used as an Instrument in the tiiftionourable Acts aforesaid, and refilling to be further concerned therein, he the said Warren Hastings did not only supprefe and hide the said Letters from the Viefr of the Court of Directors; but in his Instructions to the Resident Bristow, did attribute them to Hyder Beg Khdn, Minister to the Nabob (whom in other Respects he did before and ever firtce support against his Matter) and did express himself with great Scorn and Contempt of the said Nabob, add with much Asperity against the said Minister; affirming, in proud and insolent Terms, that he had, " by an Abuse of his Influenceover the Nabob, he, the Nabob himself, being (as " he ever must be in the Hands of some Person) a mere " Cipher' in his (the said Minis) dared to make him " (the Nabob) assume a very unbecoming Tone of Refusal, Reproach, and Reientment, in Opposition to Measures " recommended by ME, and even to Acts done by MY " Authoritythe said Hastings, in the Instruction aforesaid, particularizing the Resumption of the Jaghires, and the Confiscation of the Treasures that had been lo long suffered to remain in the Hands of his (the Nabob's) Mother. But the Letters of the Nabob, which in the said Instructions he refers to, as containing an Opposition to the Measures recommended by him, and which he asserts was conveyed in a very unbecoming Tone of Refusal, Reproach, and Reientment, he the said Hastings hath criminally withheld from the Company, contrary to their Orders, and to his Duty; and the more, as the said Letters mutt tend to shew in what Manner the said Nabob did feel the Indignities offered to his Mother, and the Manner in which the said Ministers, notwithstanding their known Dependence on the English Government, did express their Sense of the Part which their Sovereign was compelled to act in the said disgraceful Measures. And in further Instructions to him the said new Resident, he did declare his Approbation of the evil Acts aforesaid, as well as his Resolution of compelling the Nabob to those rigorous Proceedings against: his Parent, frdm which he had long shewn himself so very averse, in the following Words: " The Severities Which " have been increasea towards the Begums were most " jtfftly merited, by the Advantage which they took of the Troubles in which I was personally involved last " Year, to create a Rebellion in the Nabob’s Government, and to complete the Ruin which they thought " was impending on ours." If it is the Nabob’s De- fire to forget and to forgive their past Offences, I have " no Objection to his allowing them, in Pension, the " nominal Amount of their Javiers; but if he shall " ever offer to restore their Jaghiters to them, or to give " them any Property in Land, after the Warning which " they have given him by the dangerous Abuse which " they formerly made of his Indulgence, you mutt remonttrate in the strongest Terms against it; you must " not permit such an Event to take Place, until this Go-

" vemment shall have received Information of it, and " shall have had Time to interpose its Influence for the " Prevention of it." And the said Warden Hastings, who did, in the Manner aforesaid, positively refuse to adteit the Nabob to restore to big Mother and Grand-

mother any Part of their landed Estates for their Maintenance, did well know that the Revenues of the said Nabob were at that Time so far applied to the Demands of the Company (by him the said Wateren Hastings aggravated beyond the Whole of what they did produce) vo l. 41.

of Were othenrife so so Are £urposes of federal Charges of the Servants of the COtmfftUiy and others, the Depen- .

dartts of him the said Hastings, that none of the Pensions r‘ a ‘"®3* Or Allowances assigned by the said Nabob, in lieu of the Estates confiscated, were paid, or were likely to be discharged with that Puriftuality which was necessary even to the scanty subsistence of the Persons, to which they were in Name and Appearance applied. For,

LIII. That so early as the 6th March 17S2,' Captain Leonard Jaques, who commanded the Forces on'

Duty for the Purpose of distressing the several Women in the Palaces at Pyzabad, did complain to the Resident,

Richard Johnson, in the following Words: The Women " belonging to the Khord Mohul (or lesser Palace)i " complain of their being in Want of every Necessary of life, and are at last driven to that Desperation,

" that they at Night get on the Top of the Zenana, make " a great Disturbance, and last Night not only alarmed " the Centinels posted in the Garden, but threw Dirt at them; they threaten to throw themselves from the Walls " of the Zenana, and also to break out of it. Humanity " obliges me to acquaint you of this Matter, and to request to know if you have any Directions to give me " concerning it. I also beg Leave to acquaint you I " font for Letaft Ally Khan, the Cojah, who has the

" Charge of them, and who informs me it is well " grounded, that they hare sold every Thing the y had,

" even to the Clothes from their Backs, and now have " no Means of subsisting

LIV. That the DHireffes of the said Women grew so urgent on the Night of the said 6th of March, the Day when the Letter above recited was written, that Captain Leonard Jaques aforesaid did think it necessary to write again, on the Day following, to the British Resident, in the following Words: "I beg Leave to addrel's you " again concerning the Women in the Khord Mohul,

" [the lesser Palace.] Their Behaviour last Night was' so furious, that there seemed the greatest Probability of " their proceeding to the uttermost Extremities, and that " they would either throw themselves from the Walls, or force open the Doors of the Zenana. I have made " every Enquiry concerning the Cause of their Complaints, and find from Letaft Ally that they are tl ‘in a starving Condition, having sold their Clothes and Necessaries, and rtoiv have not wherewithal to port Nature', and as my Tnstructions are quite silent on " this Head, I should bd glad to know hoW to proceed " in case they were t6 force die Doors of the Zenana,

" as I suspect it will happen, should no Subsistence be " very quickly sent to them."

LV. That in Consequence of these Representations, it appears that die feid Resident, Richard Johnson, did promise, that an Application should be made to certain of the Servants of the Nabob Vizier, to provide for their Subsistence.

LVI. That Captain Jaques being relieved from the Duty of imprisoning the Women of Sujah ul Dowlah, the late Sovereign of Oude, an Ally of the Company, who dwelt in the said lesser Palace, and Major Gilpin being appointed to succeed, the same malicious Design of destroying the said Women, or the same scandalous Neglect of their Preservation and Subsistence, did still continue; and Major Gilpin found it necessary to apply to the new Resident Bristow, in a Letter of the 3otii of October*

1 y82j as follows i

LVII. " Sir, last Night about 8 o’Clock, the Womenin the Khord Mohul [lesser Palace] or Zenana,

" [Womens Apartment] under the Charge of Letaft Ally " Khdn, assembled on the Tops of the BuOdings, crying

" in a most lamentable Manner for Food', that for the " last Four Days they had got but a very scanty Atiowonce, and that Yesterday they had got none.

LVIII. " The melancholy Cries of Famine are mors

" easily

5i a 4° Apr ills, \ 1786.

Charge* " easily imagined than described; and from their Mr " Representation, I fear the Nabob’s Agents for that

r‘ " Business are very inattentive; I therefore think it

" requisite to make you acquainted with the Circumstance, that his Excellency the Nabob may cause his " Agents to be more circumfpeQ: in their Conduct " towards these poor unhappy Women."

LIX. That, although the Resident Bristow did not then think himself authorized to remove the Guard, he did apply to the Minister of the Nabob, who did promiie Ionic Relief to the Women of the late Nabob, confined in the lesser Palace; but apprehending, with Reason, that the Minister aforesaid might not be more ready or active in making the necessary Provision for them than on former Occasions, he did render himself perl'onally responsible to Major Gilpin for the Re-payment of any Sum equal to One thousand Pounds Sterling, which he might procure for the Subsistence of the Sufferers. But whatever Relief was given (the Amount thereof not appearing) the same was soon exhausted; and the Number of Persons to be maintained in the said lesser Palace being Eight hundred Women, the Women of the late Sovereign, Sujuli id Dowla, and several of the younger Children of the said Sovereign Prince, besides their Attendants, Major Gilpin was obliged, on the fifteenth of November following, again to address the Resident by a Representation of this Tenor: " Sir, the repeated Cries " of the Women in the Khord Mohul Zenana for Subsistence has been truly melancholy.

LX. " They beg most piteously for Liberty, that they " may earn their Daily Bread by laborious Servitude, " or to be relieved from their Misery by immediate " Death:

LXI. " In Consequence of their unhappy Situation, " I have this Day taken the Liberty of drawing on you " in Favour of Ramnarain, at Ten Days Sight, for " Twenty Son Kcrah Rupees, Ten thousand of which I " have paid to Cojah Letafit Ally under whose

" Charge that Zenana is."

LXII. That, notwithstanding all the Promiles and re-iterated Engagements of the Minister Hyder the Ladies of the Palace aforesaid fell again into extreme Distress; and the Resident did again complain to the said Minister, who was considered to be, and really and substantially was, the Minister of the Governor General Warren Hastings aforesaid, and not of the Nabob (the said Nabob being, according to the said Hastings's own-Account, " a Cipher in his [the said Minister’s] Hands)", that the Funds allowed for their Subsistence were not applied to their Support. But notwithstanding all these repeated Complaints and Remonstrances, and the constant Promile of Amendment on the Part of his, the said Hastings's, Minister, the Supply was not more plentiful or more regular than before.

LXIII. That the said Resident Bristow, finding by Experience the Inefficacy of the Courses which had Major Gapin', been pursued with regard to the Mother and Grand-NM?V»*t>h mother of the reigning Prince of Oude; and, having received a Report from Major Gilpin, informing him, that all which could be done by Force, bad been done; and that the only Hope which remained, for realizing Mr. Briftow1. the Remainder of the Money unjustly exacted as afore-Letter, ad Dec. said, lay in more lenient Methods; he, the said Resident,. *7*‘ did of his own Authority, order the Removal of the

Guard from the Palaces, the Troops being long and much wanted for the Defence of the Frontier, and other material Services; and did release the said Ministers of the said Women of Rank, who had been confined and put in Irons, and varioully distressed and persecuted, as afore recited, for near Twelve Months.

LXIV. That the Manner in which the said inhuman Acts of Rapacity and Violence were felt, both by tlje

Women of high Rank concerned, and by all the People, strongly appears in the Joy expressed on their Rcleale, which took Place on the 5th of December 1782; and is stated, in Two Letters of that Date from Major Gilpin to the Resident, in the Words following:

LXV. " 1 have to acknowledge the Receipt of your " Letter of the 2d Instant, and in consequence immediately enlarged the Prisoners Behar Khdn and " Jerxar Ali Khdn from their Confinement j a Circumstance that gave the Begums, and the City of " in general, the greatest Satisfaction.

LXVI. " In Tears of Joy Behar and Jewar Ali " Khdn expressed their sincere Acknowledgments to " the Governor General, his Excellency the Nabob " Vizier, and to you, Sir, for restoring them to that invaluable Blessing, Liberty, for which they would ever " retain the most grateful Remembrance; and at their " Request I transmit you the enclosed Letters.

LXVII. " I wish you had been present at the " Enlargement of the Prisoners. The quivering Lips, with " the Tears of Joy dealing down the poor Men’s Cheeks,

" was a Scene truly aftecting.

LXVIII. " If the Prayers of these poor Men will " avail, you will, at the last Trump! be translated to " the happiest Regions in Heaven."

LXIX. And the Resident Bristow, knowing how acceptable the said Proceeding would be to all the People of Oude, and the neighbouring independent Countries, did generously and politically (though not truly) in his Dec. 171*. Letter to the Princess Mother, attribute the said Relief given to herself, and the Release of her Ministers, to the Humanity of the said Warren Hastings, agreeably to whose Orders he pretended to act; asserting he the said Hastings " was the Spring from whence flie was restored " to her Dignity and Consequence." And the Account of the Proceedings aforesaid were regularly transmitted to the said Warren Hastings on the 30th of December

1782, with the Reasons and Motives thereto, and a Copy of the Report of the Officer concerning the Inutility of further Force, attended with sundry Documents concerning the famishing and other Treatment of the Women and Children of the late Sovereign; but the same appear to have made no proper Impression on the Mind of the said Warren Hastings-, for no Answer whatsoever was given to the said Letter until the 3d of March,

1783, when the said Hastings, writing in his own Character and that of the Council, did entirely pass by all the Circumstances before recited, but did give Directions for the Renewal of Measures of the like Nature and Tendency with those (which for several of the last Months at least of the said Proceeding) had been employed with-lb little Advantage to the Interest, and with lb much;

Injury to the Reputation, of the Company, his Masters, in w hole Name he acted; expressing himself in the said Letter of the 3d of March 1783, as follows: f* We " desire you will inform us what Means have been " taken for recovering the Balance [the pretended

Balance of the extorted Money] due from the Begums [Princefies] at Fyzabad; and, if necessary*

" you must recommend it to the Vizier, to enforce the " most effectual Means for that Purpose." And the Resident did, in his Answer to the Board, dated 31st March 1783, on this peremptory Order again detail the Particulars aforesaid to the said Warren Hastings, referring him to his former Correspondence, stating the utter Impossibility of-proceeding further by Force, and mentioning certain other disgraceful and oppressive Circumstances; and in particular.

That the Company did not, in plundering the Mother of the reigning Prince of her Wearing Apparel and Beasts of Carriage, receive a Value in the least equal to the Lois she luflered; the Elephants having no Buyer but the Nabob, and the Clothes, which had last been.

delivered.

Shoka from the Vizier to Hydar Beg Khan, ad Ramfur 1197.

Bri flow's Letter, 29th Jan. 1784, with En-dolures.

1

26 Geo. III.

4* Aprilis.

5*3

delivered to Middleton at a Valuation of Thirty thousand Pounds were lb damaged by ill keeping, in Warehouses, that they could not be fold, even for Six Months Credit, at much more than about Eight thousand Pounds, by which a Loss in a Angle Article was incurred of Twenty-two thousand Pounds out of the Fifty, for the Recovery of which (luppofing it had been a just Debt) such rigorous Means had been employed, after having actually received upwards of Five hundred thousand Pounds, in Value to the Company; and extorted much more, in Loss to the suffering Individuals. And the said Bristow being well acquainted with the unmerciful -Temper of the mid Hastings, in order to leave no Means untried to appease him, not contented with the Letter to the Governor General and Council, did on the same day write another Letter to him particularly, in which he did urge several Arguments, the Necessity of using of which to the said Hastings did reflect great Dishonour on this Nation, and on the Christian Religion therein professed; viz. " That he had experienced " great Embarrassment in treating with her [the Mo- ther of the reigning Prince] for, as the Mother of " the Vizier, the People look up to her with Respect; and any hard Measures practised against Women " of her high Rank, create Discontent, and affect " our National Character." And the said Resident, after condemning very unjustly her Conduct, added, " Still she is the Mother of the Prince of the Country, " and the religious Prejudices of Mussulmen prevail " too strongly in their Minds to forget her Situation."

LXX. That the said JVarren Hastings did not make any Answer to the said Letter. But the Mother of the Prince aforesaid, as well as the Mother of his Father, being, in consequence of his the said Hastings's Directions, incessantly and rudely pressed by their De-fcendant, in the Name of the Company, to pay to the last Farthing of the Demand, they did both positively refuse to pay any Part of the pretended Balances aforesaid, until their Landed Estates were restored to them; on the Security of which alone, they alleged themselves to be in a Condition to borrow any Money, or even to provide for the Subsistence of themselves and their numerous Dependants. And, in order to put some End to these Differences, the Vizier did himself, about the Beginning of August 1783, go to Fyzabad, and did hold divers Conferences with his Parents, and did consent and engage to restore to them their Landed Estates aforesaid; and did issue an Order that they should be restored accordingly: But his Minister aforesaid, having before his Eyes the peremptory Orders of him the said Warren Hastings, did persuade his Master to dishonour himself, in breaking his Faith and Engagement with his Mother and the Mother of his Father, by first evading the Execution, and afterwards totally revoking his said public and solemn Act, on Pretence that he had agreed to the Grant " from " Shame, being in their Presence [the Presence of " his Mother and Grandmother] and that it was unavoidable at the Time;" — the said Minister declaring to him, that it would be sufficient if he allowed them " Money for their necessary Expences, and that would " be doing enough."

LXXI. That the Faith given for the Restoration of their Landed Estates being thus violated, and the Money for necessary Expences being as ill supplied as before, the Women and Children of the late Sovereign, Father of the reigning Prince, continued exposed to frequent Want of the common Nectffaries of Life; and, being lorely pressed by Famine, they were compelled to break through all the Principles of local Decorum and Reserve, which constitute the Dignity of the Female Sex in that Part of the World, and alter great Clamour and violent Attempts, for One whole Day, to break the Inclosure of the Palace, and to force their Way Vo l.41.

into the public Market, in order to move the Com- Charges paction of the People, and to beg their Bread; and they did, on the next Day, actually proceed to tire Extremity of expoling themselves to public View — an Extremity, implying the lowest State of Disgrace and Degradation; to avoid which, many Women in India have laid violent Hands upon themselves — and they did proceed to the public Market Place, with the fiarving Children of the late So\ereign, and the Brothers and

Sifters of the reigning Prince!--- A minute Account of the Transaction aforesaid was written to the British Resident at Lucknow, by the Person appointed to convey

Intelligence to him from Fyzabad, in the following Particulars, highly disgraceful to the Honour, Justice, and Humanity of this Nation:

LXXII. " The Ladies, their Attendants, and Servants, were still as clamorous as last Night.

" the Daroga, went to them and remonstrated with them " on the Impropriety of their Conduct, at the same " Time alluring them, that in a few Days all their " Allowances would be paid; and, should not that be " the Cafe, he would advance them Ten Days Subsistence, upon Condition that they returned to their " Habitation. None of them, however, contented to " his Proposals; but were {till intent upon making their " Escape through the Bazar (Market Place) and in consequence formed themselves into a Line, and arranging " themselves in the following Order: The Children in the " Front; behind them the Ladies of the Seraglio; and " behind them again their Attendants: But their Inteutions were frustrated by the Opposition which they met " from Letafit's Sepoys.

LXXIII. " The next Day Letafit went Twice to " the Women, and used his Endeavours to make them " return into the Zenana, promising to advance them " 10,000 Rupees; which, upon the Money being paid " down, they agreed to comply with; but Night coming " on, nothing transpired.

LXXIV. " On the Day following, their Clamours " were more violent than usual. Letajit went to con- fer with them upon the Business of Yesterday, offering " the same Terms. Depending upon the Fidelity of his Promises, they consented to return to their Apartrnents; which they accordingly did, except Two or " Three of the Ladies, and most of their Attendants.

" Letafit then went to Hossmund Ally Caron, to consult with him upon what Means they should take.

They came to a Resolution of driving them in by " Force; and gave Orders to their Sepoys, to beat any one of the Women who should attempt to move forward.

" The Sepoys consequently assembled; and, each on being provided with a Bludgeon, they drove them by Dint of beating into the Zenana. The Women, seeing the Treachery of Letajit, proceeded to throw'

Stones and Bricks at the Sepoys, and again attempted to get out; but finding that impossible, from the Gates being shut, they kept up a continual Discharge of Stones and Bricks till about Ten; when, finding their Situation desperate, they retired into the Kung Mohul, and forced their Way from thence into the Palace, and dispersed themselves about the House and Garden; after this they were desirous of getting into the Begum’s Apartment, but she being apprized of their Intention, ordered her Doors to be shut.

In the mean Time Letajit and Hossmund Ally Caron potted Sentries to secure the Gates of the lesser Mohul. During the Whole of this Conflict, all the Ladies and Women remained exposed to the View of the Sepoys. The Begum then sent for Letajit and Hossmund Ally Ceram, whom she severely reprimanded, and infilled upon knowing the Causes of this infamous Benaviour. They pleaded in their Defence the Impossibility of helping it, as the Treatment the Women had met with bad been conform-6P " able

514 a? Aprilis. . 1786.

" able to his Excellency the Vizier’s Orders. The " Begum alledged, that even admitting that the Nabob " had given those Orders, they were by no Means " authorised in this Manner to disgrace the Family of Sujah Dowla; and should they not receive their " Allowance for a Day or Two, it could be of no " great Moment: What was passed was now at an " End, but that the Vizier should certainly be acquainted with the Whole of the Affair, and that " whatever he desired (he should implicitly comply " with. The Begum then sent for Five of the Children who were wounded in the Affray of last Night, and " after endeavouring to sooth them, the sent again for " JLetafitand Hosmund Ally and in the Presence of the Children expressed her Disapprobation " of their Conduct, and the Improbability of Asoph " td Dowlas suffering the Ladies and Children of " Sujah Dowla to be disgraced by being exposed to the " View of the Rabble. Upon which produced

" - the Letter from the Nabob, at the same Time representing that he wfas amenable only to the Orders of " his Excellency, and that whatever he ordered, it was " his Duty to obey; and that had the Ladies thought " proper to have retired into their Apartments quietly,

" he would not have used the Means he had taken to " compel them. The Begum again observed, that " what had happened was now over. She then gave " the Children 400 Rupees, and dismissed them, and " sent Word by Jumrud and the other Eunuchs, that " if the Ladies would peaceably retire to their Apartments, Letajit would supply them with 3 or 4,000 " Rupees for their personal Expences, and recommended to them not to incur any further Disgrace,

" and that if they did not think proper to act agreeable " to her Directions, they would do wrong. The " Ladies followed her Advice, and about Ten at Night " went back into the Zenana. The next Morning " the Begum waited upon the Mother of Sujah Dowla,

" and related to her all the Circumstances of the " Disturbances. The Mother of Sujah Dowla returned " for Answer, that after there being no Accounts <l kept of Crores of Revenues, lhe was not surprized " that the Family of Sujah Dowla, in their Endeayours to procure a Subsistence, should be obliged " to expose themselves to the meanest of tire People.

" After bewailing their Misfortunes, and ihedding many " Tears, the Begum took her Leave, and returned " Home."

That the said affecting Naradve being sent, with others of the same Nature, on the 29th of January 1784, to the said Warren Hastings, he did not order any Relief in consequence thereof, or take any Sort of Notice whatsoever of the said Intelligence.

LXXV. That the Court of Directors did express strong Doubts of the Propriety of seizing the Estates aforesaid, and did declare to him the said Hastings, " that " the only Consolation they felt on the Occasion is,

" that the Amount of those Jaghires for which the patty were Guarantees, is to be paid through our " Resident at the Court of the Vizier-, and it very " materially concerns the Credit of your Governor,

" on no Account to suffer such Payments to be " evaded." But the said Warren Hastings did never make the Arrangement supposed in the said Letter to be actually made, nor did he cause the Resident to pay them the Amount of their Jaghires, or to make any Payment to them.

And the said Hastings being expressly ordered by the Court of Directors to restore to them their Estates, in case the Charges made upon them should not be found true; he, the said Hastings, did contumaciously and cruelly decline any Compliance with the said Orders, until his Journey to Lucknow, in when he did, as he lays, " conformably to the Orders

" of the Court of Directors, and more to the Inclinetion of the Nabob Vizier, restore to them their Jaghires, but with the Defalcation, according to Ins " own Account, of a large Portion of their respective " Shares;" pretending, without the least Probability, that the said Defalcation was a " voluntary Concession " on their Part" But what be has left to them for their Support, or in what Proportion to that which be has taken away, be has no where stated to the Court of Directors, whose Faith he has broken, and whole Orders he has thus eluded, whilst he pretended to yield some . Obedience to them.

LXXVI. That the said Warren Hastings having made a malicious, loose, and ill-supported Charge, backed by certain unsatisfactory Affidavits, as a Ground for his seizing on the Jaghires and the Treasures of the Vizier’s Mother, solemnly guaranteed to them; the Court of Directors did, in their Letter of the 14th of February 1783, express themselves as follows concerning that Measure; — " which the Governor General (he " the said Warren Hastings) in his Letter to your " Board the 23d of January 1782, has declared he " strenuously encouraged and supported; we hope and trust, for the Honour of the British Nation, that " the Measure appeared folly justified in the Eyes of " all Hmdostan. The Governor General has informed " us, that it can be well attested that the Begums * (the Mother and Grandmother of the Nabob afore* " said) principally excited and supported the late Commotions; and that they carried their Inveteracy to " the English Nation so far, to aim at our utter Extirpation." — And the Court of Directors did further declare as follows: — " That it no where appears " from the Papers at present in our Possession, that " they (the Mother and Grandmother of the Nabob " of Oude) excited any Commotions previous to the " Imprisonment of Rajah Cheit Sing, and only armed themselves in consequence of that Transaction; and " as it is probable, that such a Conduct proceeded from " Motives of Self-Defence, under an Apprehension that they themselves might likewise be laid under " unwarrantable Contributions." — ‘And the said Court Of Directors, in giving their Orders for the Restoratioa of the Jaghires, or for the Payment of an Equivalent through Sie Resident, did give this Order for the Restoration of their Estates as aforesaid, on Condition that it should appear from Enquiry, that they were not guilty of the Practices charged upon them by the said Hastings. Mr. Stables, one of the Council General, did, in Execution of the said conditional Order, propose an Enquiry, leading to the Ascertainment of the Condition, ana did enter a Minute as follows: " That the Court of Directors, by their Letters of " the 14th of February 1783, leem not to be satisfied " that the Disaffection of the Begums to this Government is sufficiently proved by die Evidence before them; I therefore think, that the late and " present Resident, and Commanding Officer in the " Vizier’s Country at the Time, should be called on to collect what further Information they can " on this Subject, in which the Honour and Dignity " of this Government is so materially; and

" that such Information may be transnritted to the " Court of Directors." And he did further propose Heads and Modes of Enquiry, foitable to the Doubts expressed by the Court of Directors. But the said Warren Hastings, who ought long before, on Principles of natural Justice, to have instituted a diligent Enquiry in Support of his so improbable a Charge, and was bound, even for hb own Honour, as well as for the Satisfaction of the Court of Directors, to take a strong Part in the said Enquiry, did set himself in Oppo-fition to the fame, and did carry with him a Majority of Council against the said Enquiry into the Justice § of

0,6 GeO» III. Aprilis.§15

of the Cause, or any Proportion for the Relief of the suppofing the latter almost obliterated by Time, did not Charges Sufferers, asserting, " that the Reasons of the Court of only tnock and insult over the Sufferings of the Allies SP'?? ftDirectors, if transmitted with the Orders for the En- of the Company, but did fhetv an indecent Contempt of r' a tn®s* quiry, will prove in effect an Order for collecting the Understandings of the Court of Directors; because " Evidence to the Justification and Acquittal of the his violent Attempts on the Property and Liberty of " Begums, and not for the Investigation of the Truth of the Mother and Grandmother of the Ally aforesaid, had " the Charges which have been preferred against them." not their first Commencement much above Two Years That Mr. Stables did not propose (as in the said Hastings's before that Time, and had been continued without Minute is groundlessly supposed) that the Reasons of the Abatement 6r Rrttakation on hte Part, to the very Time Court of Directots should be transmitted with the Of his Minute: The Nabob having, by the Instigation Orders for an Enquiry. But the Apprehension of the of his the said Hastings’s Instrument Hyder Beg Khan, said JVarren Hastings, of the probable Result of the hot Two Months before the Date of the Consultation,

Enquiry proposed, did strongly indicate his Sdnfe of his been obliged a Second Time to break his Faith with own Guilt, and the Innocence of the Parties accused by fetation to the festates bf his Mother, in the Manner him; and if, by his Construction, Mr. Stables's Minute herein before recited. And the said Hastings did not, did indicate an Enquiry merely for the Jollification of and could not conceive that the clearing the Mother the Parties by him accused (which Construction the could revive any Animosity 'between her and her Son,

Motion did not bear) it was no more than what the by whom she never had been accused. The said obvious Rules of Justice would well support; his own Hastings was also sensible, that the Restoration of her Proceedings having been ex parte', he having employed landed Estates, recommended by the Court of Directors,

Sir Elijah Impey to take Affidavits against the Women could not produce any ill Effect on the Mind of the

of high Rank aforesaid, not only without any Enquiry said Son, as it was " with almost unconquerable Remade on their Part, but without any Communication to " luctance he had been persuaded to deprive her of them, of his Practice and Proceeding against them; and " them." And at the Time of his submitting to become Equity did at least require that they, with his own an Instrument in this Injustice, did " declare" both to Knowledge, and by the Subordinates of his own Govern- the Resident and his Ministers, " that it was an Act of ment, should be allowed a public Enquiry to acquit Compulsion."

themselves of the heavy Offences with which they had LXXIX. That the said Hastings further, by in-been by him clandestinely charged. ‘ linuating that the Women in question would aft amiss in

LXXVII. That he the said Hastings, in order to appealing to a foreign Jurisdiction against a Son and effectually stifle the said Enquiry, did enter on Record a Grandson, could not forget that he himself, being that further Minute, asserting, that the said Enquiry would foreign Jurisdiction (if any Jurisdiction there was) did be productive " of Evils greater than any which ejtift in himself direct and order the Injuries; did himself urge " the Consequences which have already taken Place, the Calumnies; and did himself cause to be taken and and which Time has almost obliterated;’ as also the produced the unsatisfactory Evidence, by which the following — " If I*am rightly informed, the Nabob Vizier Women in question had suffered; and that it was against " and the Begums are on Terms of mutual Good- him the said Hastings, and not against their Son, that " Will. It would ill become this Government to they had Reason to appeal. But the Truth is, that the interpose its Influence, by any Act which might tend Enquiry was moved for by Mr. Stables, not on the Prayer " to revive their Animosities, and a very flight Occa- or Appeal of the Sufferers, but upon the ill Impression " lion would be sufficient to effect it They will instantly which the said Hastings’s own Conduct, merely and 41 take Fire on such a Declaration, proclaim the Judg- solely on his own State of it, and on his own Evidence ment of the Company in their Favour, demand a in Support of it, had made on the Court of Directors,

Reparation of the Acts, which they will construe who were his lawful Matters, and not Suitors in his Wrongs, with such a Sentence warranting that Con- Court. And his arrogating to himself and his Colleagues struction, and either accept the Invitation, to the pro- to be a Tribunal, and a Tribunal, not for the Purpose " claimed Scandal of the Nabob Vizier, which will not of doing Justice, but of refusing Enquiry, was an high add to the Credit of our Government; dr remain in Offence and Misdemeanour (particularly as the due " his Dominions, but not under his Authority, to add Obedience to the Company’s Orders was eluded on the to his Vexations, and the Disorders of the Country, insolent Pretence, " That the Majesty of Justice ought " by continual Intrigues and Seditions. Enough already " to be approac/ied with Solicitation, and that hr would " exists to affect his Peace and the Quiet of his People. " debase itself by the Suggestion of Wrongs, and the " If we cannot heal, let us not inflame the Wounds " Promise of Redress,") in a Governor, whole Business " which have been inflicted." — " If the Begums think it is, even of himself and unsolicited, not only to promise,

themselves aggrieved to such a Degree as to justify but to afford Redress to all those who should suffer " them in an Appeal to a Foreign Jurisdiction; to appeal under the Power of the Company, even if their Ignoto it against a Man (landing in the Relation of Son ranee, or Want of Protection, or the Imbecility of " and Grandson to them; to appeal to the Justice of their Sex, or the Fear of irritating Persons in Rank and " those who have been the Abettors and Instruments of Station, should prevent them from seeking it by formal " their imputed Wrongs; let us at least permit them to Solicitation.

" be the Judges of their own Feelings, and prefer their LXXX. That the said Warren Hastings, at the Time " Complaints, before we offer to redress them. They when he pretended Ignorance of all Solicitation for " will not need to be prompted. I hope I shall not Justiceort the Part of the Women aforesaid, and on that M depart from the Simplicity of Oflicial Language, in Pretence did refuse the Enquiry moved by his Colleague " saying, the Majesty of Justice ought to be approached Mr. Stables, had in all Probability received from the " with Solicitation, not descend to provoke or invite Resident Middleton, or if he had made the slighted Enit, much less to debase itself by the Suggestion of quiry from the said Middleton, then at Calcutta, might " Wrongs, and the Profnife of Redress, with the Denun- immediately receive an Account, that they did actually " ciation of Punishments before Trial, and even before solicit the said Resident, through Major Gilpin, for " Accusation." Redress against his the said Hastings's calumnious Accu-

LXXVIII. That the said Warren Hastings, in at- fation, and the false Testimony by which it was sup-tempting to pass an Act of Indemnity for his otvn ported; and did fend the said Complaint to the Resident Crimes, and of Oblivion' for the Sufferings of others, Middleton, by the said Gilpin, to be transmitted to him Vol. 41. the

4* Aprilis. A. 1786.

Charges

against

Mr.Hastings.

Letters ao-acxai*

the said Hastings, and the Council To early as the 19th of October 1782; and that (he, the Mother of the Nabob, did afterwards fend the same to the Resident asserting their Innocence, and accompanying the same with the Copies of Letters (the Originals of which they afierted were in their Hands) from the Chief Witnesses against them, Hannay and which Letters did directly overturn the Charges or Insinuations in the Affidavits made by them; and that infi^ad of any Accu-fation of an Attempt upon them and their Parties, by the Instigation of the Mother of the Nabob, or by her Ministers, they the said Hannay and Gordon did attribute their Preservation to them, and to their Services; and did, with strong Expressions of Gratitude both to the Mother of the Nabob and to her Ministers, fully acknowledge die fame. Which Rcmonstrance of the Mother of the Nabob, and the Letters of the said Hannay and Gordon, are annexed to this Charge; and the said Hastings is higly criminal for not having examined into the Tafts alledged in the said Remonstrance.

LXXXI. That the violent Proceedings of the said Warren Hastings did tend to impress all the neighbouring Princes, some of whom were allied in Blood to the oppressed Women of Rank aforesaid, with an ill Opinion of the Faith, Honour, and Decency of the British Nation; and accordingly, on the Journey aforesaid, made by the Nabob from Luchvno to Fyzabad, in which the said Nabob did restore, in the Manner before-mentioned, the confiscated Estates of his Mother and Grandmother, and did afterwards revoke his said Grant, it appears that the said Journey did cause a general Alarm (the word Motives obtaining the most easy Credit with Regard to any future Proceeding, on Account of the foregone Acts) and excited great Indignation among the ruling Persons of the adjacent Country; inso much that Major Brown, Agent to the said Warren Hastings at

the Court of the King Shaw Allum at , did write a Remonstrance therein to Mr. Bristow, Resident at Chide, as follows: — " The Evening of the 7th, at a Conference " I had with Mirza Shajfee Caivn, he introduced a " Subject respecting the Nabob Vizier, which, however " it may be disagreeable for you to know, and consequently for me to communicate, I am under a Necessity of laying before you. He told me he had received " Information from Lucknow, that, by the Advice of " Hyder Beg Khdn, the Vizier had determined to bring " his Grandmother, the Widow of Jung, from

" Fyzabad to Lucknow, with a View of getting a further " Sum of Money from her, by seizing on her Eunuchs, " digging up the Apartments of her House at Fyzabad, " and putting her own Person under Restraint. This, " he said he knew, was not an Act of our Government, " but the mere Advice of Hyder Beg Khdn, to which " the Vizier had been induced to attend. He added, " that the Old Begum had resolved rather to put herself " to Death than submit to the Disgrace intended to be " put upon her; that if such a Circumstance should " happen, there is not a Man in Hindostan who will " attribute the Act to the Vizier [Nabob of Oude\ but

every one will fix the Odium on the English, who might " easily, by the Influence they so largely exercise in their " own Concerns there, have prevented such unnatural " Conduct in the Vizier. He therefore called upon me, " as the English Representative in this Quarter, to " inform you of this, that you may prevent a Step, " which will destroy all Confidence in the English " Nation throughout Hindostan, and excite the bitterest " Resentment in all those, who by Blood are connected with the House of Sufdar Jung" He concluded by saying, that " if the Vizier so little regarded his Family " and personal Honour, or his natural Duty, as to wish u to disgrace his Father’s Mother for a Sum of Money,

" let him plunder her of all (he has, but let him (end " her safe up to Delhi, or Agra, and, poor as I am, I " will furnHh Subsistence for her, which (he shall possest " with Safety and Honour, though it cannot be adequate to her Rank. — This, Sir, is a most exact Detail " of the Conversation (as far as related to that Affair)

" on the Part of Mirza Shajfee On my Part I

" could only say, that I imagined the Affair was misrepresented, and that I should write as he requested.

" Let me therefore request that you will enable me to " answer, in a more effectual Manner, any further " Questions on this Subject

LXXXII. " As Mirza Shajfee'$ Grandfather was " Brother to Sufdar Jung, there can be no Doubt of what " his Declaration means, and if this Measure of dismissing " the Old Begum should be persisted in, I should not,

" from the State of Aflairs and the Character of the " Amir ul Omrah, be surprized at some immediate and " violent Resolution being adopted by him.’'

LXXXIII. That Mirza Shajfee, mentioned in this Correspondence (who has since been murdered) was of near Kindred to the Lady in question (Grandmother to the Nabob) was Resident in a Province immediately adjoining to the Province of Oude, and from Proximity of Situation and Nearness of Connection, was likely to have any Intelligence concerning his Female Relations from the best Authority.

LXXXIV. That the Resident Bristow, on receiving this Letter, did apply to the said Hyder Beg Khdn for an Explanation of the Nabob’s Intentions, who denied that the Nabob intended more than a Visit of Duty and Ceremony; which, whatever his Dispositions might have been, and probably were, towards his own Mother, was not altogether probable, as it was well known that he was on very bad Terms with the Mother of his Father; and it appears, that Intentions of a similar Nature had been before manifested, even with regard to his own Mother, and therefore obtained the more easy Credit concerning the other Woman of high Rank aforesaid, especially as the evil Designs of the said Hyder Beg were abundantly known; and that the said Hastings, upon whom he did wholly depend, continued to recommend " the " most effectual, that is, the most violent Means for " the Recovery of the small Remains of his extorted " Demand." But although it does not appear that the Resident did give Credit to the said Report, yet the Effect of the same on the Minds of the neighbouring Princes, did make it proper and necessary to direct a drift Enquiry into the fame, which was not done; and it does not appear that any further Enquiry was made into the true Motives for this projected Journey to Fyzabad, nor into the Proceedings of Hyder Beg Khdn, although the said Warren Hastings well knew, that all the Acts of the Nabob and his principal Ministers, were constantly attributed to him, and that it was known that (ecret Agents, as well as the Company’s Regular Agent, were employed by him at Lucknow and other Places.

LXXXV. That the said Hastings, who did, on Pretence of the Majesty of Justice, refuse to enquire into the Charges made upon the female Parents of the Nabob of Oude, in Justification of the Violence offered to them, did voluntarily and of his own Accord, make himself an Accuser of the Resident Middleton, for the Want of a literal Execution of his Orders, in the Plans of Extortion and Rapine aforesaid, the criminal Nature,

Spirit, and Tendency of the said Proceedings, for the defective Execution of which he brought the said Charge, appearing in the Defence or Apology made by Mr. Middleton the Resident, for his temporaiy and short Forbearances.

LXXXVI. " It could not, I flatter myself, be MuMUtoo’i " termed a long or unwarrantable Delay (Two

" Days)

26 Geo. III. f Apritis. 517

" Days) when the Importance of the Business, and the " peculiar Einbarraffments attending the Prosecution of " it to its desired End, are considered. The Nabob was " Son to the Begum, whom we were to proceed against;

" a Son against a Mother must at least save Appearances " in his Mode of Proceeding. — The Produce of his " Negociation was to be received by the Company.

" Receiving a Benefit, accompanying the Nabob, with*

" drawfeg'.their Protection, were Circumstances sufficient " to mark the English as the principal Movers this " BusinasAt a Court where no Opportunity is loft " to throw Odium on us, so favourable an Occasion wets " not miffed to persuade the Nabob that we instigated " him to dishonour his Family for our Benefit. The " Impressions made by theie Suggestions constantly " retarded the Progrefe, and more than once actually " broke off the Business; which rendered the utmost " Caution on my Part necessary, especially as I had no Affifiance to expect from the Ministers, who could not " openly move in the Business. In the East, it is well " known, that no Man, either by himself or his Troops,

" can enter the Walls of a Zenana, Icarcely in the same " of afiting against an open Enemy, much left of an " Ally; — an Ally acting against his ovm Mother. The " outer Walls, and the Begum’s Agents, were all that " were liable to immediate Attack; they were dealt jth Feb. 17S* " with, and successfully, as the Event proved." — He bad before observed to Mr. Hastings, in his Corref- pondence, what Mr. Hastings well knew to be true,

" that no farther Rigour than that he had exerted,

" could be used against Females in that Country;

" where Force could be employed, it was not spured. —

" That the Place of Concealment was only known to " the chief Eunuchs, who could not be drawn out of " the Womens Apartments, where they had taken Refuge, and from which, if an Attempt had been made " to storm them, they might escape; and the Secret of " the Money being known only to them, it was necessary; to get their Persons into his Hands, which could be " obtained by Negociation only." — The Resident concluded his Defence by declaring his " Hope, that if the " main Object of his Orders was fulfilled, he should " be no longer held criminal for a Deviation from the " precise Letter of them."

LXXXVII. That the said Warren Hastings did enter a Reply to this Answer, in support of his criminal Charge, continuing to insist, " That his Orders ought to " have been literally obeyed," although he did not deny that the above Difficulties occurred, and the above Consequences must have been the Result; and though the Reports of the Military Officers, charged with- the Execution of bi§ Commission, confirmed the moral Lm-possibility, as well as Inutility in Point of Profit, of jforcing a Son to greater Violence and Rigour against his Mother. , \

LXXXVIII. Tfiat the said Hastings, after all the Acts.aforesaid, did presume to declare on Record, in his Minute of the 23d September 1783, "That whatever " may happen of the , Events wijich he dreads in the " Train of A flairs now subsisting, he shall at least receive this Consolation under them, that be used his " utmost Exertions to prevent them; and that in the " Annals of the Nations of India which have been subjected to the British DomihiohS,.'JIE shall not bd remembered among their, And, speaking of certain alledged Indignities offered to the Nabob of <nd certain alledged Suspicions of -his Authority, with Regard to the Management of his Household, he the said Hastings did, in the said Minute, endeavour to excite the Spirit of the British Nation, severely aniinad, vesting on such Offences, making use of the following Terms: " If there be a Spark of generous Virtue in the Breasts " of any of my Countrymen, who shall be the Readers Vol. 41.

" of this Compilation, this Letter [a Letter of Com- Charges " plaint from the Nabob] shall stand for an Instrument against " to awaken it to the Call of Vengeance against so " flagitious an Abuse of Authority, and Reproach to the " British Name/’

From her Excellency the Bhow Begum to Mr. Br'istowj Resident at the Vizier’s Court

There is no Necessity to write to you by Way of Information. A Detail of my Sufferings from common Report, and the Intelligence of those who are about you,-the Account of them will have reaehed your Ears: I will here relate a Part of them.

After the Death of Sujah Dowla, most of his ungrateful Servants were constantly labouring to gratify their Enmity; but finding, from the firm and sincete Friend*

'{hip which subsisted between me and the , that

the Accomplishment of their Purposes was frustrated, they formed the Design of occasioning a Breach in that Alliance, to insure their own Success. I must acquaint you, that my Son Asof id Dowla had formerly threatened

to seize my Jaghire} but upon producing the Treaty signed by you, and shewing it to Mr. Middleton, he interfered, and prevented the impending Evil. — The Con* spiration now framed an Accusation against me, of Condufit which I had never conceived even in Idea, of rendering Assistance to Rajah Chat Sing. The Particu* lars are as follow': — My Son Asof td Dowla and his -Ministers, with Troops and a Train of Artillery, accompanied by Mr. Middleton, on the 16th of the Month of Mohurum, arrived at Fyzabad, and made a Demand of a Crore of Rupees. As my Inability to pay so vast s Sum was manifest, I produced the Treaty you signed and gave roe;. but to no Effect, their Hearts were determined upon Violence. I offered my Son Asof ul Dowla, whose Will is dearer to me than all my Riches, or even Life itself, whatever Money and Goods I was possessed of; but an amicable Adjustment seemed not worth accepting; he demanded the delivering up the Fort, and the Recall of the Troops that were stationed for the preferring the Peace of the City. To me, Tumult and Discord appeared unnecessary. I gave up theie Points, upon which they seized my bead Eunuchs, Jewer Ali and

Behar Ali Kh&n, and sent them to Mr. Middleton, after having obliged them to sign a Bond for Sixty Lacks of Rupees: They were f rown into Prison with Fetters about their Feet, and denied Food and Water. I, who had never even in my Dreams experienced such an Op* piession, gave up all I had, to preserve my Honour and Dignity: But this would not satisfy their Demands; they charged me with a Rupee and a Half Batta upon each Mohur, and on this Account laid Claims upon me to the Amount of Six Lacks feme Thousand Rupees, and sent Major Gilpin to exact the Payment. Major Gilpin, according to Orders, at first was importunate; but being a Man of Experience, and of a benevolent Dispofijion, when he was convinced of my Want of Means, he changed his Conduct, and was willing to apply to the Shroffs and Bankers to lend me the Money. But with the Loss of my Jaghire, my Credit was funk, I could hot raise the Sum; at last, feeling my helpless Situation',

I collected my Wardrobe and Furniture, to the Amount of about Three Lacks of Rupees, besides Fifty thousand Rupees which I borrowed from one Place or other, and sent Major Gilpin with it to Lucknow. My Sufferings did not terminate here. The Disturbances of Colonel Hahmiy and Mr. Gordon were made a Pretence for seizing my Jaghire. The State of the Matter is this: When Colonel Hannay was by Mr. Hastings ordered to march to Benares during the Troubles of Sing, the Colonel, who had plundered the whole Country, was incapable if proceeding, from the Union of Thousands of

I) Q ’ Zemindars,

1

4° Aprilis. . 1786.

Charges Zemindars, rrho had seined this favourable Opportunity;

agaimt they harruffed Mr. Gordon near and the

Mr* Halting*. Zemindars of that Place and Aeberpore opposed his March from thence, till he arrived near Sanda. As the Saiula N ulla, from its overflowing, was difficult to cross without a Boat, Mr. Gordon lent to the Phoufdar to sup* ply him: He replied, the Boats were all in the River, but would, according to Orders, assist him as soon as possible. Mr. Gordons Situation would not admit of jiis waiting; he forded the Nulla upon his Elephant, and was hospitably entertained and protected by the Phoufdar for Six Days. In the mean Time a Letter was received by me from Colonel desiring me

to escort Mr. Gordon to Fyzabad. As my Friendship for the English was always sincere, I readily complied, and sent fouie Companies of Nejeebs to escort Mr. Gordon, and all his Effects, to Fyzabad; where having provided for his Entertainment, 1 effected his Junction with Colonel Hannay. The Letters of Thanks I received from both these Gentlemen, upon this Occasion, are (till in my Possession; Copies of which I gave in Charge to Major Gilpin, to be delivered to Mr. Middleton, that he might forward them to the Governor General. To be brief, those who have loaded me with Accusations, are now clearly convicted of Falsehood. But is it not extraordinary, that notwithstanding the Justness of my Cauie, that Nobody relieves my Misfortunes? Why did Major Gilpin return without Effect?

My Prayers have been constantly offered to Heaven for your Arrival; Report has announced it; for which Reason I have taken up the Pen, and request you will not place implicit Confidence in my Accusers, but, weighing in the Scale of Justice their Falsehoods and my Representations, you will exert your Influence in

putting a Period to the Misfortunes with which I am overwhelmed.

Epistle, I became perfectly astonished, as a Reply was written from Mohadrce; it may be ow ing to the Danger of the Road that it never arrived; not to the linallell Neglectc on my Side (or of mine).

I now fend Two Letters to you; one by the Dawk People, and the Second by one of tny Ilircarrahs (wlit> will present them to you) which you certainly will receive.

I am extremely well contented and pleased with the Friendship you have shewn.

You wrote me, to remain perfectly easy concerning Mr. Gordon. — Verily, from the Kindness of you, my indulgent Friends, my Heart is quite ealy. You also observed and mentioned, that as Mr. Gordons coming with those attached to him (probably his Sepoys and others) might be attended with Difficulty, if I approved, he should be invited alone to Fyzabad. — My Friends, I place my Expedition entirely upon your Friendships, and leave it to you to adopt the Manner in which the said Gentleman may arrive in Security, without Molestation at Fyzabad; but at the same Time, let the Plan be so managed that it may not come to the Knowledge of any Zemindars; in this Cafe, you are Men of Dilcern-ment However, he is to come to Fyzabad; extend your Assistance and Endeavours.

It is probable that the Begum Saib, of high Dignity, has received authentic Intelligence from the Camp at Benares, Favour me with the Contents or Purport.

From Mr. Gordon's Letter, I understand that Mirza Imaum Baksh, whom you dispatched thither (Saunda) has, and ltill continues to pay, great Attention to that Gentleman; which affords me great Pleasure.

An Answer to the Begum’s Letter is to be presented. I also fend a Letter for Mr. Gordon, which please to forward.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hannay to Jernr AH Kh&n and Behar AH Khan.

I had the Pleasure to receive your friendly Letter, fraught with Benevolence; and whatever Favours you, my Friends, have been pleased to confer respecting Mr. Gordon, afforded me the greatest Pleasure.

Placing a firm Reliance on your Friendship, I am in Expectation that the aforesaid C* cntleman, with his Baggage, will arrive at Fyzabad in Safety, that the same may oblige and afford Satisfaction to me.

A Letter from Mr. Gordon is inclosed to you — I am in Expectation of its being inclosed in a Cove r the Aumii of Saunda, to the End that the Aumil may forward it to the above-mentioned Gentleman, and procure his Reply. Whenever the Answer arrives, let it be delivered to Hoolas Roy, who will forward it to me.

Always rejoice me by a few Lines respecting your Health (Continue to honour me with your Correspond-euce).

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hannay to Jernr and Behar AH Khdn.

Count Saib, my indulgent Friends, remain under the Protection of God.

Your friendly Letter, fraught with Kindness, accompanied by an honorary Letter from the Begum Saib, of exalted Dignity, and encloling a Letter from Mr. Gordon, sent through your Hircarrahs, obliged and rejoiced me.

With respect to what you communicate regarding your not having received an Answer to your friendly

04

An Address from Colonel Hannay to the Begum.

Begum Saib, of exalted Dignity and Generality, <yc. whom God preserve.

Your exalting Letter, fraught with Grace and Benevolence, that through your unbounded Generality and Goodnels was sent through Grace and Favour, 1 had the Honour to receive in a fortunate Moment; and whatever you were pleased to write respecting Mr. Gordon, " that at this Time the short-sighted and deluded Ryots " had carried their Disturbances and Ravages beyond all " Bounds, Mr. Gordons coming with his whole Peopie (or Adherents) might be attended with Difficulty; " and therefore, if I chose, he should be invited to come " alone." Now, as your Highness is the belt Judge, your faithful Servant repofeth his most unbounded Hopes and Expectation upon your Highness, that the aforesaid Mr. Gordon may arrive at Fyzabad without any Appre*-hension or Danger. I shall be then extremely honoured and obliged.

Considering me in the Light of a firm and faithful Servant, continue to honour and exalt me by your Letters.

What further can I say ?

A Copy of an Address from Mr. Gordon to the Begum.

Begum Saib, of exalted Dignity and Generality, whom God preserve.

After presenting the usual Profefliohs of Servitude, 8>c. in the customay Manner, my Address is presented.

Your gracious Letter, in Answer to the Petition of your Servant from Goondah, exalted me. From the

Contents,

26 Geo. III.

4° Apr Ms. 5 ip

Contents, I became unspeakably impressed with the Honour it conferred. May the Almighty protest that Royal Purity , and bestow Happinel's, Increafeof Wealth, and Prosperity.

The Welfare of your Servant is entirely owing to your Favour and Benevolence. A few days have elapsed since I arrived at Goondahwith the Colonel Saib.

This is presented for your Highness’s Information.

I cherith Hopes from your Generality, that considering me in the Light of One of your Servants, always continue to exalt and honour me with your gracious Letters.

May the Sun of Prosperity continually Ihine.

.Copy of a Letter to Mahumed Jewar Ali and Behar AH Khan, from Mr. Gordon.

Sirs, my indulgent Eriends,

Remain under, &;c. 8g

After Compliments. I have the Pleasure to acquaint you, that Yesterday, having taken Leave of you, I passed the Night at Noorgunge, and next Morning about Ten or Eleven o’Clock, through your Favour and Benevolence, arrived safe at Goondah. Mur Aboo Buksh, Zemindar, and Mur Rustum Ally, accompanied me.

To what extent can I prolong the Praises of you, my beneficent Friends? May the Supreme Being, for this benign, compassionate, humane Action, have you in his Keeping, and increase your Prosperity, and speedily grant me the Pleasure of an Interview. Until which Time continue to favour me with friendly Letters, and oblige me by any Commands in my Power to execute.

May your Wishes be ever crowded with Success!

My Compliments, <$f 8$c. 8$c.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hammy to Jewar AH Khdn and Behar Ali.

Cawn Saib, my indulgent Friends,

Remain under the Protection of the Supreme Being.

After Compliments, and signifying my earnest Desire of an Interview, I address you.

Your friendly Letter, fraught with Kindness, I had the Pleasure to receive in a propitious Hour, and your inexprefiible Kindness in lending for Mur Ally

with a Force to Taunda, for the Purpose of conducting Mr. Gordon with all his Baggage, who is now arrived at Fyzabad.

This Event has afforded me the most excessive Pleasure and Satisfaction. May the Omnipotence preserv you, my deadfall firm Friends. The Pen of Friendship itself cannot sufficiently express your Ge-nerofity and Benevolence, and that- of the Begum of high Dignity, who so graciously has interested herself in this Matter. Inclosed is an Address for her, which please to forward. I hope from your Friendship until we meet, you will continue to honour me with an Account of your Health and Welfare. What further can I write ?

N* 5-

Resolutions in Farruckabad.

I. That a Prince called Ahmed Khdn was a Family amongst the most didinguished in Hindostan, and of a Nation famous through that Empire for its Valour in acquiring, and its Policy and Prudence in well governing the Territories it had acquired, called the Vo 41.

Pataus or Afghauns, of which the Rohi/las were a Charge# Branch. The said Ahmed Khdn had fixed his Residence against in the City of Farruckabad, and in the first Wars of Mr‘ Ilaft|ng«. this Nation in India, the said Ahmed Khdn attached himself to the Company against Sujah then an

Enemy, now a Dependant on that Company. Ahmed Khdn, towards the dole of his Life, was dispolfefled of a large Part of his Dominions by the Prevalence of the Maratta Power; but his Son, a Minor, succeeded to his Pretensions, and to the Remainder of his Dominions. The Marattas were expelled by Sujah Ul Dorwla, the late Vizier, who, finding a Want of the Sendees of the Son and Successor of Ahmed Khdn, called Muzuffer Jung, did not only guarantee him in the Possession of what he then actually held, but engaged to restore all the other Territories which had been occupied by the Marattas; and this was confirmed by repeated Treaties and solemn Oaths, by the late Vizier and by the present; but neither the late nor the prefenT Vizier fulfilled their Engagements, or observed their Oaths; the former haying withheld what he had stipulated to restore, and the latter, not only subjecting him to a Tribute, instead of restoring him to what his Father had-unjustly withheld, and having made a further Invasion, by depriving him of Fifteen of his Distri&s, levying the Tribute of the Whole on the Little that remained, and did put the small Remains of his Territory under a Se-questrator or Collector appointed by Almas AH , who did grievously afflict and oppress the Prince and Territory aforesaid.

That the Hardships of his same being frequently re-pfefented to JVarren Hastings, Esquire, he did suggest a Doubt, whether " that Little ought to be still subject " to Tribute,*’ indicating, that the said Tribute might be hard and inequitable; but whatever its Justice might have been, that " from the earliest Pei'iod of our Con-c nection with the present Nabob of Oude, it had invariably continued a Part of the Funds assigned by <( his Excellency as a Provision for the Liquidation of " the several public Demands of this " (Calcutta) upon him; and in consequence of the " Powers the Board' deemed it expedient to vest in the " Resident at his Court, for the Collection of the Company’s Assignments, a Sezauwil (a Sequestrator) has " always been stationed to enforce, by every Means irt " his Power, the Payment of the Tribute." And the said Tribute was, in Consequence of this Arrangement, not paid to the Nabob, but to the British Resident at Oude; and the same being the refore under the Direction, and for the sole Use of the Company, and indeed the Prince himself wholly dependent, the Representatives of the said Company were responsible for the Protection of the Prince, and for the good Government of the Country.

II. That the said Warren Hastings did, on the 22d of May 1780, represent to the Board of Calcutta the Condition of the said Country in the following Manner:

The Total Want of all Order, Regularity, or M Authority in his Government (the Farruckabad " Government) to which, among other obvious,

" it may, no Doubt, be owing, that the Country " of Farruckabad is become an almost entire,

" without Cultivation or Inhabitants; that the Capital,

" which, but a very short Time ago, was distinguished " as One of the moll populous and opulent Commercial " Cities in Hindostan, at present exhibits nothing but " Scenes of the moil wretched Poverty, Desolation,

" and Misery; and that the Nabob himself, though " in Possessiou of a Track of Country, which, with " only common Care, is notoriously capable of yielding an Annual Revenue of between Thirty and Forty Lacks) Three or Four hundred thousand " Pounds) with no Military Establishment to maintain,

" scarcely

5-20

4° Aprilis. A. 1786,

Charges scarcely commanding the Means of bare ."

against And the said /VarrenHastings, taking into Considera-

Mr.Hastings- (jon the said State of the Country and its Prince; and that the latter had " preferred frequent Complaints" (which Complaints the said Hastings to that Time did not lay before the Board, as his Duty required) " of the Hardships and Indignities to which he is subjected by the Conduct of the Sezauwil (Sequestrator) " Rationed jin the Country for the Pur|»o(e of levying " the Annual Tribute, which he’is bound by Treaty to " pay to the Soubah of Oude he, the said Women Hastings, did declare himself " extremely desirous, as " well from Motives of common Justice as due Regard to " the Rank which that Chief holds among the Princes of " Hindostan, of affording him Relief." And he, the said. Warren Hastings, as the Means of the said Relief, did, with the Consent of the Board, order the said Native Sequestrator to be removed, and an English Resident, a Servant of the Company, to be appointed in his Room, declaring " he understood a local Interference to be '* indispensably necessary for realizing the Vizier’s just " Demands.

III. That the said Native Sequestrator being with-

drawn, and a Resident appointed, no Complaint whatever, concerning the Collection of the Revenue, or of any Indignities offered to the Prince of the Country, or Oppression of his Subjects by the said Resident, was made to the Superior Council at Calcutta; yet the said Warren Hastings did, nevertheless, in a certain Paper, purporting to be aTreaty made at with the Nabob

of Oude on the 19th September 1781, at the Request of the said Nabob, consent to an Article therein, " That

no English Resideut be appointed to Farruckabad, and

that the present be recalled;" and the said Warren Hastings, knowing that the Nabob of Oude was ill affected towards the said Nabob of Farruckabad, and that he was already supposed to have oppressed him, did justify his Conduct on the Principles, and in the Words following; " That if the Nabob Jung must en-

" dure Oppression, (and J dare not at this Time propose " his total Relief)it concerns the Reputation of our " Government to remove our Participation in it." And the said Warren Hastings making recording, and acting upon the First of the said false and inhuman Suppositions, most scandalous to this Nation, namely, {that Princes paying Money wholly for the Use of the Company, and directly to its Agent, for the Maintenance of British Troops, by whose Force and Power the said Revenue was in Effect collected, must of Necessity endure Oppression, and that our Government at any Time dare hot propose their total Relief, was an High Offence and Misdemeanor in the said Warren Hastings, and the rather t>ecause in the said Treaty, as well as before and after, the said Hastings, who pretended not to dare to relieve those oppressed by the Nabob of Oude, did assume a complete Authority over the said Nabob himself, and did dare to oppress him.

IV. That, the Second Principle, assumed by the said

Women Hastings, as Ground for voluntarily abandoning the Protection of those, whom he had before undertaken to relieve, on the sole Strength of his own Authority, and in full Confidence of the lawful Foundation thereof, and for delivering over the Person so taken into Protection, under false Names and pretended Descriptions, to known Oppression, asserting, that the Reputation of the Company was saved by removing this apparent Participation, when the new, as well as the old Arrangements, were truly and substantially Acts of the British Government, was difingeuuous, deceitful, and used to cover unjustifiable Designs, since the said Warren Hastings well knew, that all Oppressions exercisbd by the Nabob of Oude, were solely, and in this instance particularly, upheld by British Force, and were imputed tp

this Nation; and because he himself, in not more than Three Days after the Execution of this Treaty, and in virtue thereof, direct the British Resident at Oude, in Orders, to which he required most implicit Obedience, " That the Ministers (the Nabob of Oude's, M milters) " are to choole all Aumils and Collectors of Revenue " with your Concurrence.’’ And the Dishonour to the Company, in thus deceitfully concurring in Oppression, which they were able and were bound to prevent, is much aggravated by the said 1 Varren receiving

from the Person, to whose Oppression he had delivered the said Prince, as a private Gift or Donation to himself, and for his own Use, a Sum of Money, amounting to One hundred thousand Pounds and upwards, which might give just Ground of Suspicion, that the said Gift from the Oppreflor, to the Person surrendering the Person injured to his Mercy, might have had some Share in the said criminal Transaction.

V. That the said Warren Hastings did (in (he Paper justifying the said Surrender of the Prince, put by hiin-self under the Protection of the East India Company) assert, " That it was a Fast, that the Nabob Muzuffer " Jung (the Nabob of Farruckabad) is equally urgent " with the Nabob Vizier for the Removal of a Resident," without producing, as he ought to have done, any Document to prove his impropable Affection, namely, his Affection that the opprefi'ed Prince did apply to his know n Enemy and Oppreflor, the Nabob of Oude (who, if he would, was not able to relieve him against the Will of the English Government) rather than to that English Government, which he must have conceived to be more impartial, to which he had made his former Complaint, and which was alone able to relieve him.

VI. That the said Warren Hastings, in the said Writing, did further convey an Insinuation of an ambiguous, but, on any Construction, of a suspicious and dangerous Import; viz. "It is a Fast, that Mr. " Shee's (the Resident's) Authority over the Territory of Famuckabad, is in itself as much subversive " of that (of the Uruftil Rulers) as that of the Vizier’s " Aumil (Collector) ever was, and is the more oppressite, as the Power from whence it is derived is " greater." The said Assertion proceeds upon a Supposition of the Illegality, both of the Nabob’s and the Company’s Government; all Consideration of the Title to Authority being the refore on that Supposition put out of the Question, and the whole turning only upon the Exercise of Authority, the said Hastings's Suggestion, that the Oppression of Government must be in Proportion to its Power, is the Result of a false and dangerous Principle, and such as it is criminal for any Person, entrusted with the Lives and Fortunes of Men to entertain, much more publicly to profess as a Rule of Action, as the same hath a direct Tendency to make the new and powerful Government of this Kingdom in India, dreadful to the Natives, and odious to the World. But if the said Warren Hastings did mean thereby indirectly to intinuate, that Oppressions had been actually exercised under the British Authority, he was bound to enquire into thele Oppressions, and to animadvert on the Person guilty of the fame, if Proof thereof could be had; and the more, as the Authority was given by himself, and the Person exercising it was by himself also named. And the said Women Hastings did on another Occasion, assert, that " whether they were well or ill founded, he " never had an Opportunity to ascertain." But it is not true, that the said Hastings did, or could want such Opportunity; the Fast being, that the said Warren Hastings did never cause any Enquiry to be made into any supposed Abuses, during the said Residency, but did give a Pension of Fifteen hundred Pounds a Year to the said late Resident, as a Compensation to bim for an Injury received, and did afterwards

promote

26 Geo. III. 4° Aprilis. 521

mote the Resident, as a faithful Servant of the Com- Redress, the said Letter containing the following Sen- Charge*

pany (and nothing appears to shew him otherwise) to tence: "If there should he any Delay in your Ac-

a judicial Office of high Trust; thereby taking away all " ceptance of this Proposal, my Existence, and the

Credit from any Grounds asserted or insinuated by the " Ex of my Family, will become difficult and

said Hastings, for delivering the said Nabob of Farruc- " doubts ul." And although he did admit the Inter-

kabad to the Hand of a known Enemy and Oppressor, ference to be the more urgently demanded, " as the

who had already, contrary to repeated Treaties, de- " Services of the English Troops have been added to

prived him of a large Part of his Territories. " enforce the Authority of the Sezauwil," and although

VII. That on the mid Warren Hastings's Representa- he admits also, that even before that time, similar Cotn-

tion of the Transaction aforesaid to the Court of Direc- plaints and Applications had been made, yet he did

tors, they did heavily and justly censure the said Warren withhold the said Letter of Complaint, a Minute of which

Hastings for the fame, and did convey their Censure to he asserts he had, at or about that Time, prepared for the

him, recommending Relief to the suffering Prince, but Relief of the Sufferer, from the Board of Council, and

without any Order for fending a new Resident; being, did not To much as propose any thing relative to the

as it may be supposed, prevented from taking that same for Seven Months after, viz. until the 6th of

Step by the faith of the Treaty made at Chunar. October 1783. The said Letter and Minute being, as

VIII. That all the Oppressions, foreseen by him he asserts, withheld, from Causes not necessary to

the said Warren Hastings, when he made the Article. " mention, from Presentation." By which Means, the aforesaid in the Treaty of Chunar, did actually happen; said Country and Prince did suffer a long Continuance of for immediately on the Removal of the British Resident, unnecessary Hardship, for which the said Hastings con* the Country of Farruckabad was subjected to the Dif- sessed it was his Duty to relieve them, and that a British cretion of a certain Native Manager of Revenue, called Resident was necessary at Farruckabad, " from a Sense of Almas AH Kh&n, who did impoverish and oppress the " Submission to the Orders of the Court of Direc-

Country, and insult the Prince, and did deprive him of " tors, in their Letter of 1783, lately received, added to all Subsistence from his own Estates; taking from him " the Conviction, I have LONG SINCE entertained of even his Gardens and the Tombs of his Ancestors, and " the Necessity of such an Appointment, for the Pre-Hoe Funds for maintaining the fame. " servation of our National Credit, and the Means of

IX. That on Complaint of those Proceedings, the " refeuing an ancient and respectable Family from

said Hastings did, of his own Authority, and without " Ruin."

communicating with his Council, direct the Native And the said Warren Hastings did at length perform

Collector aforesaid to be removed, and the Territory what he thought had long since been necessary, and in of Farruckabad to be left to the foie Management of its Contradiction to his Engagements with the Nabob, in natural Prince. But in a short Time, the said Hast- the Treaty of Chunar; and against his strong Remon-ings, pretending to receive many Complaints, purport- (trances, urging his Humiliation from this Measure, and ing that the Tribute to the Nabob remained wholly un- the Faith of the Agreement, and against his own former paid, and the Agent to the Prince of Farruckabad at Declaration, that it concerned the Reputation of our the Presidency, and afterwards chief Manager to the Government to remove our Participation in the Oppref-Prince aforesaid, having, as the said Warren Hastings fions which he, the said Hastings, supposed the Prince faith, " had the Insolence to propagate a Report, that of Farruckabad must undergo, did once more recomthe Interference to which his Matter owed the Power mend to the Council a British Resident at Farruckabad,

" he theu enjoyed, was purchased through him," he the and the withdrawing the Native Sezauwil; no Course said Hastings did again (but as before without the being left to the said Hastings to take, which was not Council) " withdraw his Protection and Interference a Violation of some Engagement, and a Contradiction " altogether" on or about the Month of August 178a, to (bme Principle of Justice and Policy by him deliberate-and did signify his Re(blution, through the Resident Mid- ly advanced and entered on Record. dleton, to the Nabob Vizier. But the said Hastings That Mr. WiUcs being appointed Resident, and asserts, that " the Consequence of this his own second having arrived at Farruckabad on the 25th of February *

" Dereliction of the Prince of Farruckabad, was an 1784, with Instructions to enquire minutely into the " aggravated Renewal of the Severities exercised against State of the Country and the Ruling Family, he, the " his Government, and the Re-appointment of a Sezau- said Resident in Obedience thereto, did fully

" wil, with Powers delegated or assumed, to the utter explain to him the Governor General, the said Wairen " Extinction of the Rights of Muzuffer Jung, and Hastings (he being then out of the Company's Proactually depriving him of the Means of Subsistence." vinces, at Lucknow, on a Delegation which respected And the said Hastings did receive, on the 16th of Fe- this very Country as Part of the Dependencies of

bruary 1783, from the Prince aforesaid, a bitter Complaint Oude) the Situation of the Province of

of the same to the following Tenor: but the said Warren Hastings did not take or recom-

" The Miseries which have fallen upon my Coun- mend any Measure whatsoever for the Relief thereof,

" try, and the Poverty and Distress which have been in consequence of the said Represen tation; nor even

'heaped upon me, by the Re-appointment of the communicate to the Council General the said RepreSezauwil. are such, that a Relation of them would, (entation; and it was not until the 28th of 1783,

" I am convinced, excite the strongest Feelings of that is Sixteen Months from the Arrival of the Reli Compassion in your Breast. But it is impossible to dent at his Station, that any Thing was laid before " relate them: On one Side, my Country ruined and the Board relative to the Regulation or Relief of the " uncultivated to a Degree of Desolation which ex- dittrefied Country aforesaid, and that, not from the " ceeds all Description; on the other, my domestic said Warren Hastings, but from other Members of the Concerns and Connexions involved in such a State Council; which purposed Neglect of Duty, joined " of Distress and Horror, that even the Relations, the to the preceding wilful Delay of Seven Months in " Children, and the Wives of my Father are starving, proposing the said Relief originally, caused near Two " in Want of daily Bread, and are on the Point of flying Veal's Delay. And the said Warren Hastings is further " voluntary Exiles from their Country, and from each culpable in not communicating to the Council Board " other." the Older which he bad, of his own Authority, and

But although the said Hastings did, on the 16th of without any Powers from them, given to the said February, receive and admit the Justice of the said Resident Witles, and thereby prevented them, and Complaint, and did not deny the urgent Necessity of did thereby prevent them from taking such Steps as Vox.. 41, 6 R might

522

4° Aprilis. A. 1786*

Charges might counteract the ill Effects of the said Order;

which Order purported that the said Wilks was not Mr. a mgs. to jDterfere wjtj, t^e Nabob of s Government, for the Regulation of which he was in eflefit appointed to the ltefidency; declaring as follows: "I " rely much on your Moderation and good Judgment, " which I hope will enable you to regulate your Condust towards the Nabob and his Servants in such a " Manner, that xvithout interfering in the executive Part " of his Government, you may render him eiTential Service by pour Council and And this Restriction the said Hastings did impose, which totally frustrated the Purpose of the Resident’s Midion, though he well knew, and had frequently stated the extreme Imbecility and Weaknds of tl»e said Nabob of Farruckabad, and his Subjection to unworthy Servants. And in the Minute of Consultation, upon which he founded the Appointment, did state the Nabob of Farruckabad " as a " weak and unexperienced young Man, who had abancloned himself entirely to the Discretion of his Servants; " and the Restoration of his Independence was followed " by a total Breach of the Engagements he had pro-u mifed to fulfil, attended by pointed Instances of Contumacy and Disrespect." And in the said Minute the said Hastings adds (as before mentioned) his principal Servant and Manager had propagated a Report, that the " Interference (namely his the said Hastings’s >" Interference) to which his Master owed the Power " he then enjoyed, was purchased by him," the principal Servant aforesaid; yet he, the said Hastings, who had assigned on Record the Character of the said Nabob, and the Conduct of his Servants, and the aforesaid Report of his principal Servant, lo highly dishonourable to him the said Hastings, as Realons for taking away the Independency of the Nabob of Farruckabad, and the subjecting him to the Oppression of the Nabob of Oude's Officer Almas Ali, did again himself establish the pretended Independence of the said Prince of Farruckabad, and the real Independence of his corrupt and perfidious Servants, not against the Nabob of Oude, but against a British Resident appointed by himself (" as a Character eminently qualified for " such a Charge") for the Correction of those Evils, and for rendering the Prince aforesaid an useful Ally to the Company, and restoring his Dominions to Order and Plenty.

That the said Hastings did not only disable the Resident at Farruckabad by his said prohibitory Letter, but did render his very remaining at all in that Station perfectly precarious, by a subsequent Letter rendering him liable to Dismission by the Vizier — thereby changing the Tenure of the Resident’s Office, and changing him from a Minister of the Company, dependent on the Governor General and Council, to a Dependent upon an unrefponfible Power; in this allb acting without the Council, and by his own usurped Authority: And accordingly the said Resident did declare, in his Letter of the 24th of April 1785, " that the Situation of the Country was more diltrefeful than when he (the Prince of Farruckabad) addressed himself for Relief in 1783, and " that he was ferry to say that his Appointment at " Farruckabad was of no Use." That though the old Tribute could not be paid, owing to Famine and other Causes, it was increased by a new Imposition, making the Whole equal the entire gross Produce of the Revenue; that therefore there will not be " any " Thing for the Subsistence of the Nabob and Family." And the Uncles of the said Nabob of Farruckabad, the Bremen of the late Ahmed Khan (who had rendered important Services to the Company) and their Children, in a Petition to the Resident, repre-fented, that soon after the Succession of Jung, " their Misery commenced. The Jaghires

" (Lands and Estates) on which they subsisted were " dilallowed. Our Distress is great, we have neither " Clothes nor Food. Though we felt hurt at the Idea " of explaining our Situation, yet, could we have " found a Mode of Conveyance, we would have proceeded to Calcutta for Redress. The Scarcity of " Grain this Seafen is an additional Misfortune. " With Difficulty we support Life. From your Presence without the Provinces we expect Relief. It is " not the Custom of the Company to deprive the Zemindars and Jaghirdars of the Means of Subsistence. " To your Justice we look up."

This being the Situation of the Person and Family of the Nabob of Farruckabad and his nearest Relations, the State of the Country and its Capital, prevented from all Relief by the said Warren Hastings, is described, in the following Words, by the Resident Wilks.

" Almas Ali has taken the Purgunnah of Marara at " a very inadequate Rent, and his Aumils have seized " many adjacent Villages: The Purgunnahs of Cocutmow " and Souse are constantly plundered by his People. " The Collection of the Gauts near Futty Ghur have " been seized by the Vizier’s Cutwal, and the Zemendars in Four Purgunnahs are so refractory as to have " fortified themselves in their Gurries, and to refuse all " Payments of RevenuCT This is the State of the " Purgunnahs; and Farruckabad, which was once the " Seat of great Opulence and Trade, is now daily " serted by its Inhabitants. Its Walls mouldering away, " without Police, without Protection, exposed to the Depredations of a Banditti of Two or Three hundred " Robbers, who, Night after Night, enter it for Plunder, murdering all who oppose them. The Ruin <r that has overtaken this Country is not to be xvondered at, when it is considered that there has been no State, " no stable Government for many Years. There has " been the Nabob Vizier’s Authority, his Ministers, " the Residents at Lucknow, the Sezauwils, the Camp " Authority, the Nabob Muzuffer Jung’s, and that of " Twenty Dewans or Advisers. No Authority sufficiently predominant to establish any Regulations for " the Benefit of the Country, whilst each Authority " has been exerted as Opportunity offered for temjwrary " Purposes.

" Such being the present deplorable State of Farruckabad and its Districts, in the ensuing Year it will be in vain to look for Revenue, if feme Regulations, equal to the Exigency, be not adopted. The " whole Country will be divided between the Neighbouring powerful Aumils, the refractory Zemindars, " and Banditti of Robbers; and th who might

" be made useful Subjects, will fly from the Scene of " Anarchy. The Crisis appears now come, that either " feme Plan of Government should be resolved on, so " as to form faithful Subjects on the Frontier, or the " Country be given up to its Fate; and if it be abandoned,

" there can be little Doubt but that the Marattas will " gladly seize on a Station so favourable to Incursions " into the Vizier’s Dominions, will attach to their Interests the Hindoo Zemindars, and possess themselves " of Forts, which with little Expence being made formidable, would give Employment perhaps to the Whole " of our Force, should it be ever necessary to recover " them. "

That the Council at Calcutta, on the Representation aforesaid, made by the Resident at Farruckabad, did propose and record a Plan for the better Government of the said Country, but did delay the Execution of the fame, until the Arrangements made by the said Hastings with the Nabob Vizier should be known; but the said Hastings, as far as in him lay, did entirely set aside any Plan that could be formed for that Purpose, upon the Basis of a British Resident at Far-06 ruckabad,

16 Geo. III. 4° Aprilis.

ruckabad, by engaging with the said Nabob Vizier, that no British Influence shall be employed within his Dominions, and he has engaged to that Prince, not to abandon him to any other Mode of Relation; and he has informed the Court of Directors that the Territories of the Nabob of Oude will be ruined, if Residents are leut into them, observing, that " Residents never will be sent for any other Purposes, than those of Vengeance and Corruption."

That the said Warren Hastings did declare to the Court of Directors, that in his Opinion the Mode of Relief most effectual, and most lenient with Regard to Farruckabad, would be to nominate One of the Family of the Prince to luperintend his Affairs, and to secure the Payments; but this Plan, which appears to be most connected with the Rights of the ruling Family, whilst it provides against the Imbecility of the natural Lord, and is free from his Objection to a Resident, is the only one which the said Hastings never has executed, or even proposed to execute.

That the said Hastings, by the Agreements aforesaid, has left the Company in such an Alternative, that they can neither relieve the said Prince of Farruckabad from Oppression, without a Breach of the Engagements entered into by him the said Hastings with the Nabob Vizier, in the Name of the Company, nor suffer him to remain under the said Oppression, without violating all Faith, and all the Rules of Justice with regard to him. And the said Hastings hath direCUy made, or authorized no less than Six Resolutions in less than Five Years, in the aforesaid harraffed Province; by which frequent and rapid Changes of Government, all of them made in Contradiction to all his own declared Motives and Reasons, for the several ACks successively done and undone in this Transaction, the Distresses of the Country, and the Disorders in its Administration, have been highly aggravated; and in the said irregular Proceedings, and in the grots and complicated Violations of Faith with all Parties, the said Hastings is guilty of High Crimes and Mif-demeanors.

reduce those disordered Parts of the Province to Sub- Charges mission, after several Advantages gained over the Ra- against jah and his Adherents, and expelling him from the Mr , Ia 1D*' Country, did represent the utter Impossibility of bringing it to a permanent Settlement " merely by forcible " Methods; as in any of his (the Rajah’s) Incursions,

" it would not be necessary to bring even a Force " with him, as the Zemindars [landed Proprietors " and Freeholders] are much attached to the Rajah,

" whom they consider as their Hereditary Prince, and " never fail to assist him; and that his Rebellion " against Government is not looked on as a Crime:*

And Mr. Lumsdaine declared it " as his clear Opi-

" nion, that the allowing the said Rajah a Peolion,

" suitable to his Rank and Influence in the Country,

" to be the most certain Mode of obtaining a permanent Peace;" alledging, among other cogent Rea-fbns, " that the Expence of the Force necessary to be " employed to subdue the Country might be spared,

" and employed elsew here; and that the People would " return to their Villages with their Cattle and Ef-"fects, and of course Government have feme Security for the Revenue, whereas at present they have " noneAnd the Representation containing that prudent and temperate Counsel, given by a Military Man of undoubted Information, and perfect Experience in the local Circumstances of the Country, was transrait-ted by the Resident Bristow to the said Warren Hastings, who did wilfully and criminally omit to order any Relief to the said Rajah, in Conformity to the general Sense and Wishes of the Inhabitants; a Compliance with whose so reasonable an Expectation, his Duty in restoring the Tranquillity of the Country, and in retrieving the Honour of the English Government did absolutely require. But, instead of making such Provision, a Price was set upon his Head; and several Bodies of British Troops being employed to pursue him, after many Skirmiihes and much Bloodshed, and mutual Waste of the Country, the said Rajah, honoured and respeQed by the Natives, was hunted down, and at length killed in a Thicket.

N° 6. N* 7.

Destruction of the Rajah of Sahlone. That the Court of Directors of the East India Com- Ninth Report,

pany had laid down the following fundamental Rules, Anp^ViV.

I. That the late Nabob of Oude Sujah Ul Dcrwla, did for the Conduct of such of the Company’s Bufi- us.

(on what Reasons of Policy, or Pretences of Justice, is ness in Bengal, as could be performed by Contract; unknown) dispofitfs a certain native Person of Distine- and bad repeatedly and ftriCily ordered the Gover-

tion, or eminent Rajah, residing in the Country of nor and Council of Fort William to observe those Sahlone, " the lineal Dependent of the most powerful Rules; viz. That all Contracts should be publicly " Hindoo Family in that Part of Hindostan," of his Pa- advertised, and the most reasonable Proposals accepted; trimonial Estate; and conferred the fame, or Part of that the Contracts of Provisions, and for fumishing the fame, on his (the Nabob’s) Mother, as a Jaghire Draught and Carriage Bullocks for the Army, lhoula [or Estate] for the Term of her Life: And the Mo- be Annual', and, that they should not fail to adver-ther of the Nabob, in order to quiet the Country, and tile for and receive Proposals for those Contracts every to satisfy in feme Measure the principal and other In- Year.

habitants, did allow, and pay a certain Pension to the That the said Warren Hastings, in direct Disobe-said Rajah; which Pension, on the general Confifca- dience to the said positive Orders, and as the Di- ljd d*.. I77g

tion of Jaghires (made at the Instigation of the said rectors themselves say, by a most deliberate Breach of Ear. 96,97. Warren Hastings) and by the letting the Lands lo con- his Duty, did, in September 1777, accept of Proposals filcated to Farmers at Rack Rents, was discontinued, and offered by Ernest Alexander Johnson, for providing refused to be paid; and the Discontinuance of the said Draught and Carriage Bullocks, and for victualling Pension, " on Account of the personal Respect borue the Europeans, without advertising for Proposals, as " to the Rajah (as Connections with him are fought he was expressly commanded to do, and extended the " for, and thought to confer Honour,)" did cause an Contract for Three Years, which was pofitrvely order-universal Discontent, and violent Commotions, in the ed to be and, notwithstanding that Exten-

District of Sahlone, and other Parts of the Province of lion of the Period, which ought at least to have Oude, with great confe'juent Eflrufion of Blood, and been compensated by some Advantage to the Corn-Interruption, if not totai Discontinuance, to the Col- pany in the Conditions, did conclude the said Con-legion of the Revenues in those Parts, other than as tract upon Terms less advantageous than the preceding Con-the same was irregularly, and with great Damage to tract, and therefore not on the Terms

the Country, enforced by British Troops. — That tire laid Warren Hastings, hi Defiance of the

II. That Mr. Lumsdaine, the Officer employed to Judgment and lawful Orders of his Superiors, which

Vol. 41. in

V

*s Sept 1777.

Lie. of 13d Dec. 177S. Par. 10s.

Lre. «3d Dec. 177*. Par. 46.

Lre. 13d Dec. 177S. Par. 79, Sec.

524 40 Aprilts. A. 1786.

in this same left him no Option, declared, that he Service, for supplying the said Marine with Naval disapproved of publishing for Proposals, and that the Stores, and executing the said Service for the Term Contract was reduced too low already, thereby avow- of Two Years, and without advertising for Proposals: ing himself the Advocate of the Contractor, against That the Use and Expenditure of such Stores, and whom, as Representative of the Company, and Guar- the Direction of the Pilot Vessels, is under the Ma-dian of their Interests, he properly was Party, and nagement, and at the Disposition of the Master At-preferring the Advantage of the Contractor to those tendant, by virtue of his Office: That he is Officially of his own Constituents and Employers: — That the the proper and regular Check upon the Person who Court of Directors of the East India Company, hav- furniffies the Stores, and bound by his Duty to take ing carefully considered the Circumstances and Ten- Care that all Contracts for furnilliing such Stores are dency of this Transaction, condemned it in the duly and faithfully executed: — That the said Warren strongeft Terms, declaring, that they would not per- Hastings, by uniting the Supply and the Check in mit the Contract to be continued, and that " if the the same Hands, did not only disobey the Company’s " Contractor should think himself aggrieved, and specific Orders, and violate the fundamental Rules " take Measures in Consequence, by which the Com- and Practice of the Service, but did overset the only " pany became involved in Loss or Damage, they just and rational Principle, on which this, and every " should certainly hold the Majority of the Council other Service of a similar Nature, ought to be conresponsible for such Loss or Damage, and proceed ducted; and did not only subject the Company’s In against them accordingly." — That the said Warrenterest, in Point of Expence, to Fraud and Collusion,

Hastings, in Defiance of Orders, which, the Direc- but did thereby expose the Navigation of the Bengal tors say, were plain and unequivocal, did, in January River to manifest Hazard and Distress; considering

1777, receive from George Tempter, a Proposal, essen- that it is the Duty of the Master Attendant to take tially different from the Advertisement published by Care that the Pilot Vessels are constantly stationed the Governor General and Council for receiving Pro- in the lioads to wait the Arrival of the Company’s posals for feeding the Company’s Elephants, and did Ships, especially in tempestuous Weather, and that accept thereof, not only without having Recourse to they should be in a constant Condition to keep the-the proper Means for ascertaining whether the said Sea; whereas it is manifestly the Interest of the Con-Proposal was the lowest that would be offered, but traftor, in the first Instance, to equip the said Vessels with another actually before the Board, nearly 30 per as lcantily as possible, and afterwards to expose them Cent, lower than that made by the said George Templer, as little as possible to any Service in which the to whom the said Warren Hastings granted a Contract, Stores, to be replaced by him, might be loft or con-in the Terms proposed by the said Templer, for Three fumed: And finally, that in June 1779, the said Con-Years, and did afterwards extend the same to Five tract was prolonged to the said Master Attendant, by Years, with new and distinct Conditions, accepted by the said Warren Hastings, for the further Period of the said Warren Hastings, without advertising for fresh Two Years from the Expiration of the First, without Proposals, by which the Company w'ere very confi- advertising for Proposals. — That it does not appear derable Losers: — On all which the Court of Directors that any of the preceding Contracts have been an-declared, " That this Waste of their Property could nulled, or the Charges attending any of them abated,

" not be permitted; that he, the said Warren Hastings, or that the Court of Directors have ever taken any " had disregarded their Authority, and disobeyed Measures to compel the said Warren Hastings to in their Orders, in not taking the lowest Offersdemnify the Company, or to make good any Part and they ordered that the Contract for Elephants of the Loss incurred by the said Contrails.

should be annulled: And the said Directors further That in the Year 1777 the said Warren Hastings App*toy*'

declared, that "if the Contractor should recover Da- did recommend and appoint John Belli, at that Time Rer-N"»*>

" mages of the Company for Breach of Engage- his private Secretary, to be Agent for supplying the

" ment, they were determined, in such Case, to in- Garrison of Fort William with Victualling Stores:

" stitute a Suit at Law against those Members of That the Stores were to be purchased with Money

" the Board who had presumed, in direct Breach of advanced by the Company; and that the said Agent " their Orders, to prefer the Interest of an Individual was to be allowed a Commission, or per for

" to that of the Company." — That the said Warren his Risk and Trouble: That, in order to ai’certain Hastings did, in the Year 1777, conclude with - - - - what Sum would be a reasonable Compensation for Forde, a Contract for an armed Vessel for the Pilo- the Agent, the Governor General and Council agreed tage of the Chittigong River, and for the Defence of to consult some of the principal Merchants of Calcutta, the Coast and River against the Incurlions of Rob- That the Merchants so consulted, reported their Opi-bers, for the Term of Five Years, in further Disobe- nion, that 20 per Cent, on the Prime Cost of the Stores dience of the Company’s Orders, respecting the Mode would be a reasonable Compensation to the Agent: and Duration of Contracts, and with a considerable That, nevertheless, the said Warren Hastings, sup-

Encrease of Expence to the Company: — That the ported by the Vote and Concurrence of Richard Bar-farming out the Defence of a Country to a Contrac- well, then a Member of the Supreme Council, did for, being wholly unprecedented, and evidently absurd, propose and carry it, that 30 per Cent, per Annum could have no real Object but to enrich the Contrac- should be allowed upon all Stores to be provided by for at the Company’s Expence; since either the Ser- the Agent: That the said Warren Hastings professed, vice was not dangerous, and then the Establishment that " he preferred an Agency to a Contract for was totally unnecessary, or if it was a dangerous Ser- " this Service; because, if it were performed by vice, it was evidently the Interest of the Contractor " Contract, it mult then be advertised, and the to avoid such Danger, and not to hazard the Loss of " World would know, what Provision was made for his Ship or Men, which must be replaced at his own " the Defence of the Fortas if its being publicly Expence, and therefore that an active and faithful Dif- known that the Fort was well provided for Decharge of the Contractor’s Duty was incompatible with fence, were likely to encourage an Enemy to attack his Interest. it. — That in August 1779, in Defiance of the Prin-

That the said Warren Hastings, in further Defiance ciple laid down by himself for preferring an Agency ep' of the Company’s Orders, and in Breach of the efta- to a Contract, the said W Hastings did propose, blished Rule of their Service, did, in the Year 1777, and carry it, that the Agency should be converted conclude a Contract with the Master and Deputy into a Contract, to be granted to the said John Belli,

Master Attendant of the Company’s Marine or Pilot without advertising for Proposals, and fixed for the

Terra

':Jik

i6 Geo. III. 4® Aprilis. 535

Term of Five Years, " pretending that he had received " frequent Remonstrances from the said Agent, concerning the heavy Losses and Inconveniences to which " he was subjected by the indefinite Terms of his Agency," notwithstanding it appeared, by Evidence produced at the Board, that, on a Supply of about 37,000l. he had already drawn a Commission of 22,000l. and upwards. — That the said Warren Hastings pledged himself, that, if required by1 the Court of Directors, the Profits arising from the Agency should into the Company s Treasury, andappropriated as the Court should direct. — That

the Court of Directors, as soon as they were advised of the First Appointment of the said Agency, declared, that they considered the Commission of 20/. per Cent. as an ample Compensation to the Agent; and did positively order, that, according to the Engagement of the said JVarren Hastings, " the Commission paid " or to be paid to the said Agent, should be reduced MthDtc.1779. to 20/. per Cent." — That the said John Belli did positively refuse to refund any Part of the Profits he had received, or to submit to a Diminution of those which he was still to receive; and that the said Hastings

has never made good his own voluntary and solemn Engagement to the Court of Directors herein above mentioned: And as his Failure to perform the said Engagement is a Breach of Faith to the Company, so his Performance of such Engagement, if he had performed it, and even his offering to pledge himself for the Agent, in the first Instance, ought to be taken as presumptive Evidence of a Connexion between the said JVarren Hastings and the said Agent, his private Secretary; which ought not to exist between a Governor, acting in Behalf of the Company, and a Contractor making Terms with such Governor for the Execution of a public Service.

That, before the Expiration of the Contract hereinbefore mentioned, for supplying the Army with Draught and Carriage Bullocks, granted by the said JVarren Hastings to Ernest Alexander Johnson for Three Years, the said JVarren Hastings did propose and carry it in Council, that a new Contract should be made, on a new Plan, and that an Offer thereof should be made to Richard Johnson, Brother and Executor of the said Contractor, "rS without advertising for Proposals, for the Term of Five Years: — That this Offer was voluntarily accepted by the said Richard Johnson, who, at the same Time, desired,

’ and obtained, that the new Contracts should be made out in the Name of Charles Croftes, the Company’s Accountant and Sub-treasurer at Fort William ;-i-That the said Charles Croftes offered the said Richard Johnson as One of his Securities for the Performance of the said Contract, who was accepted as such by the said JVarren Hastings', and that, at the Request of the said Contractor, the Contract for victualling the Europeans serving at the Presidency was added to and united with that for furnishing Bullocks, and fixed for the same Period: That this Extension of the Periods of the said Contracts was not compenfeted by a Diminution in the Charge to be incurred by the Company on that Account, as it ought to have been; but, on the contrary, the Charge was immoderately increased by the new Contracts; inso much, that it was proved, by Statements and Computations produced at the Board, that the Increase on the Victualling Contract would, in Five Years, amount to 40,000l.} and that the Increase on the Bullock Contract, in the same Period, would amount to above Four hundred thousand Pounds: That when this, and many other weighty Objections against the Terms of the said Contrafts were urged in Council to the said JVarren Hastings, he declared, that he should deliver a Reply thereto; but k* 119. it does not appear that he did ever deliver such a Reply, or ever enter into a Junification of any Part of his Con-dust in this Transeftion. That the Act of Parliament . Vo t. 41.

of 1773, by which the First Governor General and Charges Council were appointed, did expressly limit the Du- vP1 Juration of their Office to the Term of Five Years, which r* 11>es expired in October 1779, and that the several Contracts, hereinbefore mentioned, were granted in 1779,

and were made to continue Five Years after the Expiration of the Government by which they were granted; that by this Anticipation, the Discretion and Judgment of the l'ucceeding Government, respecting the Subject Matter of such Contracts, was taken away, and any Correction or Improvement therein, rendered impracticable. — That the said JVarren Hastings might have been justified by the Rules and Practice, or by the Necessity of the Public Service, in binding the Government by Engagements to endure One. Year after the Expiration of his own Office; but on no Principles could he be justified in extending such Engagements beyond the Term of One Year, much leis on the Principles he has avowed, namely, " that it was only an Act of common Justice in 4th oa 1779.

" him to secure every Man connected with him, as far as N*110'

" he legally could, from the Apprehension of future " Oppression." — That the Oppression, to which such Apprehension, if real, mult allude, could only consist in and arise out of the Obedience which he feared a future Government might pay to the Orders of the Court of Directors, by making all Contrafts Annual, and advertising for Proposals publicly and indifferently, from all Persons whatever, by which it might happen that such beneficial Contrafts would not be constantly held by Men connected'with him, the said JVarren Hastings: — That this Declaration made by the said JVarren Hastings, combined with all the Circumstances belonging to these Tran factions, leaves no room to doubt that, in dilobeying the Company’s Orders, and betraying the Trust reposed in him as Guardian of the Company’s Property, his Object was to purchase the Attachment of a Number of Individuals, and to form a Party capable of supporting and protecting him in Retuni.

That with the same View, and on the same Principles, it appears that excessive Salaries and Emoluments, at the East India Company’s Charge and Expence, have been lavished by the said JVarren Hastings, to sundry Individuals, contrary to the general Principles of his Duty, and in direct Contradiction to the pofi-tive Orders of the Court of Directors: Particularly, *9«i>Mar.1774. that whereas by a Resolution of the Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, and by an In-struction of the Court of Directors, it was provided and expressly ordered. That there should be paid to the late Sir John Clavering " the Sum of Six thousand App. to jth " Pounds Sterling per Annum, in full for his Services " as Commander in Chief, in lieu of Travelling Charges, ‘ *’

" and of all other Advantages and Emoluments whateverand whereas the Court of Directors positively ordered that the late " Sir Eyre Coote should 7th May 1778. " receive the same Pay, as Commander in Chief of " their Forces in India, as was received by Lieutenant " General- Sir John Clavering;" — The said JVarren Hastings, nevertheless, within a very short Time after Sir Eyre COote's Arrival in Bengal, did propose and ,«hApnii779. carry it in Council, that a new Establishment should be created for Sir Eyre Coote, by which an Increase Rep' of Expence would be incurred by the India Company to the Amount of Eighteen thousand Pounds a Year and upwards, exclusive of and in Addition to his Salary of Ten thousand Pounds a Year, provided for him by Act of Parliament as a Member of the Supreme Council, and exclusive of and in Addition to his Salary ' of Six thousand Pounds a Year as Commander in Chief, appointed for him by the Company, and expressly fixed to that Amount

That the Disobedience and Breach of Trust of which 6 S tb»

v

5^6

4° April.

1786.

Chargw

against

Mf.Haflinga.

sd May 1778.

ntUApril 1779. App. to jth Rep. N« 8.

App. to 5th Rep* N°S.

the Aid Warren Hasting* was guilty in this TranSa&km, is highly aggravated by the SeMowiag Circumstances CMDe&ed with it: That from the Death' of Sir Queering to the Arrival of Sir Eyre in Bengal, die provisional Command of the Army bad devolved to, and been veiled m, Brigadier General Giles Stibbert, the eldest Officer on that Establishment; that in this Capacity, and, as the Aid Warren Hastings has declared, " handing

" ao way distinguished from the other Officers in the " Array, but by his accidental Succefikxt to the First " Place on the Lift," he, the find Giles Stibbert, had, by the Recommendation and Procurement of the find Warren Hastings, received and enjoyed a Salary and other Allowances to the Amount of Thirteen thoofiuid Eight hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings per Amwu. — That Sir Eyre Coote, soon after his Arrival,

represented to the Board, that a considerable Part of those Allowances, amounting to 8,220 /. 10 & per Annum, ought to devolve to himself, as Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India; and stating, that the said Giles Stibbert could no longer be considered as Commander in Chief under the Presidency of Fort William, made a formal Demand of the fame. — That the Aid Warren Hastings, instead of reducing the Allowances of the said Giles Stibbert to the Establishment at which they flood during General Clavering'% Command, and for the Continuance of which, after Sir Eyre Coote'* Arrival, there could be bo Pretence, continued the Allowances of Thirteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings per Annum to the Aid Giles Stibbert; and, at the same Time, in order to appease and Satisfy the Demand of the said Sir Eyre Coote, did create for him that new Establishment, hereinbefore specified, of Eighteen thousand Pounds per Annum; inso much, that instead of the Allowance of Sis thousand Pounds a Year, in lieu of Travelling Charges, and of all Emoluments and Allowances whatsoever, to which the Pay and Allowances of Commander in Chief were exprefily limited by the united Act of the Legislative and Executive Powers of the Company, the Annual Charge to be borne by the Company on that Account was increaSed by the find Warren Hastings to the enormous Sum of Thirty-eight thousand Two hundred and Seventeen Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling.

That on the First of November 1779, the find Warren Hastings did move, and carry it in Council, " that the " Resident at the Vizier’s Court should be furnished with " an Account of all the Extra Allowances and Charges " of the Commander in Chid* when in the Field, with " Orders to add the same to the Debit of the Vizier's " Account, as a Part of his general Subsidy; the Charge " to commence from the Day on which the General foul pais the Carmtmssa, and to continue till his Return " to the same Line." — That tins additional Expence, hnposed by the said Warren Hastings on the Vizier, was unjust in itself, and a Breach of Treaty with that Prince, the specific Amount of the Subsidy to be paid by him having been fixed by a Treaty, to winch no Addition could justly be made, but at the previous Requisition of the Vizier: — That the Court of Directors, in their Letter of the 18th of October 1780, did condemn and prohibit the Continuation of the Allowances above mentioned to Sir Eyre Coote, in the following Words: " These Allowatacea appear to us in a Light so very extraordinary, and so repugnant to the Spirit of a Resolution of the " General Court of Proprietors, respectjog the Allowance " made to General Clavemng, that we positively direct " that-they be discontinued immediately, and no Part " thereof paid after 'the Receipt of this Letter." — That on the 27th of April 1781, the Governor General and

Council, in Obedience so the Orders of the Directora, did Signify the same to the Commissary General, as an In-struction to him, that the extraordinary Allowances to Sir Eyre Code should be discontinued, and no Part thereof paid after that Day: That it appears, nevertheless that the said Extra Allowances (amounting to above Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling a Year) were continued to be charged to the Vizier, and paid to Sir Eyre Coote, in De- -fiance of the Orders oif the Court of Directora, in*. Defiance of the consequent Resolution of the Governor General and Council; and in Contradiction to the Terms of the original Motion, made by the said Warren , for

adding those Allowances to the Debit of the Vizier; vis. " that they Should continue till Sir Eyre Caste's " Return to the Carumnassa." — That Sir Eyre Coote arrived at Calcutta about the End of August 1780, and mud have crofted the Carumnassa, in his Return from Oude, some Weeks before, when the Charge on the Vizier, if at any Tune proper, ought to have ceaSed:

— That it appears that the said Allowances were continued to be charged against the Vizier, and paid to Sir Eyre Coote, for Three Years after, even while he was Serving c^di, in the Carnatic, and that this was done by the foie March 17*5. Authority and private Command of said Warren Hastings.

That the East India Company, having thought proper to create the Office of Advocate General in Bengal, and to appoint Sir John Day to that Office, it was reibived, by a General Court of Proprietors, that a Salary of 3,000l. a Year Should be allowed to the said Sir John Day, in full Consideration of all Dema Fee°"', LIr*' whatsoever for his Services to the Company at the Pre- e 17 ' sidcncyof Fort William: — That the Aid Wirren nevertheless, Shortly after Sir John Day's Arrival in Bengal, did increase the said Sir John Day's Salary and Allowances to Six thouAnd Pounds a Year, in direct Disobedience of the Resolution of the Court of Proprietors, and of the Order of the Court of Directora: — That °° p«- s the Directora, as Soon as they were informed of this Proceeding, declared, " that they held themselves bound by " the Kesolution of the General Court, and that they " could not allow it to be disregarded by the Company's " Servants in Indiaand ordered, that the increased Allowances Should be forthwith discontinued.

That the said Warren Hastings, after having first thought it necessary, in Obedience to the Orders of the Court of Directora, to Slop the extraordinary Allowance which he had granted to Sir John Day, did afterwards refoive that the Allowance, which had been struck oft, app-Should be repaid to him, upon his signing an Obligation r4>. to refund the Amount which he might receive, in case the N* Directora Should confirm their former Orders, already Twice given: — That in this Trao Action the said Warren Hastings trifled with the Authority (ft the Company, eluded the repeated Orders of the Directora, and exposed the Company to the Rifque and Uncertainty of recovering, at a distant Period, and perhaps by a ProceSs of Law, a Sum of Money which they had positively ordered Sum not to pay.

That, in the latter Part of the Year 1776, by the Death of Colonel Mansaa, the whole Power of the Gomernment of Fort William devolved to the Governor and One Member of the Council; and that from that Time, the Governor General and Council has generally consisted of an even Number of Persons, in Consequenoe of which the casting Voice of the Aid Warren Hastings has usually prevailed in the Decision of all Questions: — That about the End of the Year 1776, the whole Civil Eftahlishment of the Aid Government did not exceed 205,399/. per Amttan; mom inh that in the Year 1783, the Said Civil Establishment had M*rtb ,7*5' been increased to (be enormous Annual Sum of 927,945 /.

~Tfaat

IOO.

D.

17th

‘June

17S1.

Vide Account laid before the House of Coop

Vide Account; D", D°, 7* Feb. 17*5-

2$ Geo. III. 40

5*7

— That such Increase in the Civil EftaWiftmient could not have taken place, if the said Warren , who

was at the Head of the Government, with the Power annexed to the cafcing Voice, had not a&ively promoted the said Increase, which he bad Power to prevent, and which was his Duty to have prevented: — That by such immoderate Waste of the Property of his Employers, and by such feandalous Breach of his Fidelity to them, it was the Intention of the said Warren Hastings, to gain and secure the Attachment and Support of a Multitude of Individuals, by whose united Interest, Influence, and Intrigues, he hoped to be protected against any future Inquiry into his Conduct: — That it was of itself highly criminal in the said Warren , to have to

wasted the Property of the East India Company, and that the Pur pole, to be obtained by such Waite, was

a great Aggravation of that Crime.---- That among the various Instanoes of Profofion, by which the Civil Establishment of Fort William was increased to the enormous Annual Sum hereinbefore mentioned, it appears that a Salt Office was created, of Six Cotumif-lioners, whose Annual Emoluments were as fellows; viz.

President, or Comptroller, per - £.18,480

ift Member- ----- 13,100

?d D*- - - - - 11,480

3d D*.....13.183

4th D*.....6,257

5th D°.....10,307

£ 73,807

That a Board of Revenue was created by the said Warren Hastings, confuting of Five Commissioners,

whose Annual Emoluments were as fellows; viz.

ift Member, per Arrnim - *£10,950

ad D* - 9,100

3d D*- - - - - 9,100

4th D* - 9,100

5th D*.....9,100

£47>35°

That Dadd Anderson, Esquire, First Member of the said Board, did not execute the Duties, though he received the Emoluments of the said Offices having acted, for the groateft Part of the Time, as Ambassador to MadajeeScindia, with a further Salary of 4,280/. a

Year, making in all 15,230/. a Year.

That ffie laid Warren Hastings did create an Office of Agent Victualler to the Garrison of Fort William whose Profits, on an Average of Three Years, were 15,970/. per Annum .-- — That this Agency was held by the Postmaster General, who, in that Capacity, received 2,200l. a Year from the Company, and who was actually no higher than a Writer in the Service: — That the Person who held these lucrative Offices, viz. John Belli, was private Secretary to toe laid Warren Hastings.

That the said Warren Hastings created a nominal Office of Resident at Goa, where the Company never bad a Resident, nor Bufinefe of any Kind tp transod, and gave the said nominal Office to a Person who was not a Covenanted Servant of toe Company, with an Allowance of 4,380/. a Year.

That these Inft&pces are Proofs of a criminal Profusion and high Breach of Trust to the India Company in the said Warren Hastings, under whose Government, and by Means of whose special Power, derived from the Efieft of his casting Voice, all the said Waste and Profusion did take Place.

Vol. 41.

That at the End of the Year 1780, when, as the Charges Court of Directors affirm, the Company were in the,

utmost Distress for Money, and almost every - '"g*’

ment in Arrear, and when it appears, that there was a tu Ju 117 *'

Seat Scarcity and urgent Want of Grain at Fort St.

eorge, the said Warren Hastings did accept of a Propofol made to him by James Peter then Secre-

tary to the Council, to supply the Presidency of Fort St. George with Rice and other Articles, and did appoint the said Auriol to be the Agent for supplying all the other Presidencies with those Articles: — That the said Warren Hastings declared, that the Intention of Geo Lr Joth the Appointment " was moll likely to be fulfilled by April 17*.

" a liberal Consideration of it," and therefore allowed the said Auriol a Commission of 15 per Cent, on the Whole of his Disbursements; thereby rendering it the direct Interest of the said Auriol to make his Disburs-ments as great as possible: — That the Chance of Capture by the Enemy, or Danger of the Sea, wad to be at the Risque of the India Company, and not of the said Auriol: — That the said Warren Hastings declared personally to the said Auriol, " that this Poll was intended as a Reward for his long and faithful Services." — That the President and Council of Bombay l7th May ,7j, did remonllrate against what they called the enormous Amount of the Charges of the Rice with which they were supplied, which they state to be Nine Rupees a Bag at Calcutta, when they themselves could have contracted for its Delivery at Bombay, free of all Risque and Charges, at Five Rupees and Three Sixteenths per Bag; and that even at Madras, where the Distress and vi<i« statement Demand was greatest, the Supplies of Grain by private Traders charged to the Company, were Nineteen per aiftsepc 17s*. Cent cheaper than that supplied by the said Auriol, exclusive of the Risque of the Sea and of Capture by the Enemy. — That it is stated by the Court of Directors, that the Agent’6 Commission on a Supply of a single mb jui717s,. Year (the foid Commission being not only charged on the Prime Cost of the Rice, but also on the Freight and all other Charges) would amount to Pounds Sterling Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-three, and by the said Auriol himself is admitted to amount to vis« his Letter 18,292/.: — That William Larkins, the Accomptant ^g£hMarch General at Fort William, having been ordered to examine the Accounts of the said Agent, did report to the Governor General and Council, that he found them to be correct in the Additions and Calculations', and that then the said Larkins adds the following Declaration:

" The Agent hang upon Honour with respect to the " Sums charged in his Accounts for the Cost of the " Articles supplied, I did not think myself authorized " to require any Voucher of the Sums charged for the u Demurrage of Sloops, either as to the Time of Detention, or the Rate of the Charge, or of those for " the Articles loft in going down the River; and on H that Ground I thought myself equally bound to admit " the Sams acknowledged as received for the Sales " of Goods returned, without requiring Vouchers of " the Rates ut which they were fold." — That, in this Transaction, the said Warren Hastings has been guilty of a high Breach of Trust and Duty, in the unnecessary Expenditure of the Company’s Money, and in subjecting die Company to a Profusion of Expence, at all Times wholly unjustifiable, but particularly at the Time when that Expence was incurred. — That the said Warren Hastings was guilty of Breach of Orders, as well as Breach of Trust, in not Advertising generally for Propofols, in not Contracting indifferently for the Supplies with such Merchants as might offer to fumish them on the lowed Terms; in giving an enormous Commission to an Agent, and that Commission not confined to toe Prime Cost of the Articles, but to be computed

t

Charges

Mr.Hastings.

Confutation, 15th March 1782.

Vide App. to 5th Rep. of Secret Comm. N'JS-

Hastings's Lre. of nth Nov. 1773*

nth Rep. App. A.

Gen1 Inft0*, 30th March 1774. Arc. *2.

lc.h Rep. Page 26.

nth Rep. App. J.

4* Aprilis.

A. 1786.

puted on the Whole of his Charges; in accepting of the Honour of the said Agent as a sufficient Voucher for the Cod of the Articles supplied, and for all Charges whatever, on which his Commission was to be computed; and finally, in giving a lucrative Agency for the Supply of a - distressed and starving Province, as a Reward to a Secretary of State, whole Labours in that Capacity ought to have been rewarded by an avowed public Salary, and not otherwise. — That, after the First Year of the said Agency was expired, the said Hastings did agree, that for the future the Commis-iion to be drawn by the said Agent should be reduced to Five per Cent, which the Governor General and Council then declared to be the customary Amount drawn by Merchants; but that, even in this Reduction of the Commission, the said JVarren Hastings was guilty of a Deception, and did not in Fast reduce the Commission from 15 to 5 per Cent, having immediately after resolved that he, the Agent, should be allowed the current Interest of Calcutta upon all his Drafts on the Treasury, from the Day of their Dates, until they should be completely liquidated: That the legal Interest of Money in Bengal is Twelve per C and the current Interest from 8 to 10 per Cent.

N° 8.

That, before the Appointment of the Governor General and Council of Fort by Act of Parliament, the Allowances made by the East India Company to the Presidents of that Government were abundantly sufficient; and that the said Presidents in general, and the said JVarren Hastings particularly, was refrained by a specific Covenant and Indenture, which he entered into with the Company, from accepting any Gifts, Rewards, or Gratuities whatsoever, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever: — That, in the regulating Act, passed in the Year 1773, which appointed the said JVarren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Fort J! illiam in Bengal, a Salary of 25,000l. a Year was established for him, to which the Court of Directors added, " that he should enjoy their principal Houses, " with the Plate and Furniture, both in Town and " Country, Rent-free." That the same Law, which created the Office, and provided the Salary of the said JVarren Hastings, did expressly, and in the cleared

and 1110ft comprebenfive Terms that could be devised, prohibit him from receiving any Present, Gift, or Donation, in any Manner, or on any Account whatsoever; and that the said JVarren Hastings perfectly understood the Meaning, and acknowledged the binding Force of this Prohibition, before he accepted of the Office to which it was annexed. He knew, and had declared, that the Prohibition was positive and that

it admitted neither of Refinement or Misconstruction; and that, in his Opinion, an Opposition would be to incur the Penalty.

That, notwithstanding the Covenants and Engagements above mentioned, it appears in the recorded Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Fort William, that sundry Charges have been brought against the said JVarrenHastings, for Gifts or Presents corruptly taken by him before the Promulgation of the Act of 1773 in India, and that these Charges were produced at the

Council Board, in the Presence of the said JVarren Hastings: That, in March 1775, the late Rajah comar, a Native Hindoo, of the highest Call in his Religion, and of the highest Rank in Society, by the Offices which he had held under the Country Government, did lay before the Council an Account of various Sums of Money paid by him to the said JVarren

Hastings, amounting to 40,000l. and upwards, for Offices and Employments corruptly disposed of by the said JVarren Hastings, and did offer and engage to prove and establish the same by sufficient Evidence. — That this Account is stated with a minute Particularity and Precision; the Date of each Payment, down to that of small Sums, is specified; the various Coins in which such Payments were severally made, are distinguished, and the different Persons through whose Hands the Money passed into those of the said JVarren Hastings ore named: That such Particularity on the Face of such a Charge, supposing it false, is favourable to the Party wrongfully accused, and exposes the Accuser to an inltant and easy Detection; for though as the said JVarren Hastings himself has observed on another Occasion,

" Papers may be forged, and Evidences may appear in ffiJ " Numbers, to attest them, yet it mult always be an peo4uu, N° 7. " easy Matter to detest the I’alfity of any forged Paper " produced, by examining the Witnesses separately, and " subjecting them to a subsequent Cross Examination, in " which Cafe, if false, they will not be able to persevere " in One regular confident Story."

Whereas, if no Advantage be taken of such Particularity in the Charge, to detest the Falsehood thereof, and if no Attempt to disprove it, and no Defence whatever be made, a Presumption justly and reasonably arises in Favour of the Truth of such Charge. — That the said "*hRe,jnh JVarren Hastings, instead of offering any thing in his March 177"^ Defence, declared, that he would not suffer Nuncomar to appear before the Board as his Accuser. — That he attempted to indict his said Accuser for a Conspiracy, in which he failed; and that the said P.ajah Nuncomar was soon after, and while his Charge against the said JVarren Hastings was depending before the Council, indicted upon an English penal Statute, w'hich does not extend even to Scotland*, before the Supreme Court of Q^rY<^Lrf Judicature, for an Offence said to have been committed *°r|e* several Years before, and not capital by the Laws of India, and was condemned and executed. — That the Evidence of this Man, not having been encountered at the Time, when it might and ought to have been, by the said JVarren Hastings, remains justly in Force against him, and is not abated by the capital Punishment of the said Nuncomar, but rather confirmed by the Time and Circumstances in which the Accuser of the said JVarren Hastings suffered Death. — That one of the Offices, for which a Part of the Money above mentioned is stated to have been paid to the said JVarren Hastings, was given by him to Munny Begum, the Widow of the late Myr Jaffier, Nabob of Bengal, whose Son, by another Woman, holds that Title at present. —

That the said JVarren Hastings had been instructed by the Court of Directors of the East India Company to appoint " a Minister to transact the Political Affairs of »6th Aug. 1771. " the Government, and to select for that Purpose feme page

" Perl’on well qualified for the Affairs of Government,

" to be the Minister and Guardian of the Nabob’s " Minority." — That, for these Offices, and for the Execution of the several Duties belonging to them, the said JVirren Hastings selected and appointed the said Munny Begum, a Woman evidently unqualified for and incapable of such Offices, and restrained from acting in such Capacities, by her necessary Seclufion from the World, and Retirement in a Seraglio. — That a considerable p- *< Deficiency or Embezzlement appearing in this Woman’s Account of the young Nabob’s Stipend, Ihe voluntarily declared, by a Writing under her Seal, that ffie had given 15,000l. to the said JVarren Hastings, for an Entertainment; which Declaration corresponds with, and confirms that Part of the Charge produced by Rajah Nuncomar, to which it relates. —

That neither this, nor any other Part of the said

Charge,

a6 Geo. III. 4" Aprilit, 529

D*, r. *9- 1th Charge, has been at any Time directly denied or dif-May ,775‘ puted by the said Warren ,though made to

his Face, and though he was repeatedly accused by his Colleagues, who were appointed by Parliament at the same Time with himself, of Peculation of every Sort. — That, instead of promoting a ftriGt Inquiry into his Conduct for the Clearance of his Innocence and Honour, he did repeatedly endeavour to elude and stifle all Inquiry, by attempting to dissolve the Meetings of the Council at which such Charges were produced, and by other Means, and has not since taken any Steps to disprove or refute the fame.- That the said Warren Hastings, so long ago as Septembei' 1775, assured the sithRep.p.si. Court of Directors, " That it was his fixed Determination most fully and liberally to explain every " Circumstance of his Conduct on the Points on which " he had been injuriously arraigned, and to afford them " the cleared Conviction of his own integrity, and of " the Propriety of his Motives for declining a present " Defence of itand having never since given to the Court of Direfitors any Explanation whatever, much less the full and liberal Explanation he had promised so repeatedly, has thereby abandoned even that late and protracted Defence, which he himself must have thought necessary to be made at some Time or other; and which he would be thought to have deferred to a Period more suitable and convenient than that in which the Facts were recent, and the Impression of these and other Charges of the same Nature against him, was fresh and unimpaired in the Minds of Men. mTS.'k. „Tta‘ on the 30th of March 1775 a Member of the ’ Council produced and laid before the Board a Petition from Mir Zein Abul Dheen, (formerly Farmer of a District, and who had been in creditable Stations) setting forth. That Kh&n Jehan then Phouldar of

Houghly, had obtained that Office from the said Warren Hastings, with a Salary of Seventy-two thousand Sicca Rupees a Year, and that the said Phousdar had given a Receipt of Bribe to the Patron of the City, meaning Warren Hastings, to pay him Annually Thirty-six thousand Rupees a Year, and also to his Banyan, Cantoo Baboo, Four thousand Rupees a Year, out of the Salary above mentioned. — That by the 35th Article of the Instructions given to the Governor General and Council, they are directed " immediately to cause the " strictest Inquiry to be made into all Oppressions, " which might have been committed either against the " Natives or Europeans, and into all Abuses that might " have prevailed in the Collection of the Revenues, or " any Part of the Civil Government of the Presidency, " and to communicate to the Directors all Information " which they might be able to obtain relative thereto, " or to any Dissipation or Embezzlement of the Company’s Money." — That the above Petition and Instruction having been read in Council, it was moved that die Petitioner should be ordered to attend the next Day to make good his Charge. — That the said Warren Hastings declared, " that it appeared to him to be the " Purpose of the Majority to make him the foie Object " of their Personal Attacks. — That they had taken their " Line, and might pursue it. — That he should have " other Remarks to make upon this Transaction, but " as they would be equally applicable to many others, " which in the Course of this Business were likely to " be brought before the Board, he should say no more " on the Subject;" — and he objected to the Motion. — That by the preceding Declaration, the said Warren Hastings did admit, that many other Charges were likely to be brought against; him, and that such Charges would be of a similar Nature to the First, viz. a corrupt bargaining for the Disposal of a great Office, since he declared that his Remarks on that Tran-faction would be equally applicable to the rest: and Vox.. 41.

that, by objecting to the Motion for the Personal Charges Attendance of the Accuser, he refilled and disobeyed the jf^Haftwcs Company’s Instructions; and did, as far as depended ' *

on his Power, endeavour to obstruct and: prevent all Inquiry into the Charge. That in so doing be failed in his Duty to the Company; he disobeyed their express Orders, and did leave the Charge against himself without a Reply, and even without a Denial; and with that unavoidable Presumption against his Innocence, which lies against every Person accused, who not only refuses to plead, but, as far as his Vote goes, endeavours to prevent an Examination of the Charge, and to stifle all Inquiry into the Truth of it — That die Motion having been nevertheless carried, the said Warren Hastings did, on the Day following, declare, " that he could not fit *f to be confronted with such Accusers, nor suffer a " Judicial Inquiry into his Conduct, at the Board of " which he was President; and declared the Meeting.

" of the Board dissolved." That the Board continued to fit, and examine Witnesses, Servants of the Phoufdar, on Oath and written Evidence, being Letters under the Hand and Seal of the Phoufdar, all direCUy tending to prove the Charge; viz.that out of the Salary of Seventy-two thousand Rupees a Year paid by the Company, the said Phoufdar received but Thirty-two thousand, and that the Remainder was received by the said Warren Hastings and his Banyan. — That the Phoufdar, though repeatedly ordered to attend the Board, did, under various Pretences, decline attending, until the 19th of May, when the Letters stated to be his, that is, under his Hand and Seal, being shewn to him, it was proposed by a Member of the Board, that he should be asked, whether he had any Objection to swear to the Truth of such Answers as he might make to the Questions proposed by the Board. — That the said Warren Hastings objected to his being put to his Oath. — That the Question was nevertheless put to him, in Consequence of a Resolution of the Board. — That he first declined to swear, under Pretence that it was a Matter of serious Consequence to his Character to take an Oath; and, when it was finally left to his Option, he declared,

" Mean People might swear, but that his Character " would not allow him; that he could not swear, and " had rather subject himself to a Lois." — That the Evidence in Support of the Charge being on Oath, was in this Manner left uncoutradicted; that it was admitted by the said Warren Hastings, that neither Mussulman or Hindoos are forbidden by the Precepts of their Religion to swear. That it is not true, as the said Warren Hastings asserted, that it was repugnant to the Manners either of Hindoos or Musselmen; and that if, under such Pretences, the Natives were to be exempted from taking an Oath, when examined by the Governor and Council, all the Inquiries pointed out to them by the Company’s Instructions might stop or be defeated. —

That no valid Reason was, or could be assigned, why the said Phoufdar should not be examined on Oath; that the Charge was not against himself; and that, if any Questions ha<j been put to him, tending to make him accuse himself, he might have declined to answer them. —

That, if he could have fefely sworn to the Innocence of the said Warren Hastings, from whom he received his Employment, he was bound in Gratitude, as well as Justice, to the said Warren Hastings, to have consented to be examined on Oath. — That not having done so, and having been supported and abetted in his Refusal, by the said Warren Hastings himself, whose Character and Honour were immediately at Stake, the Whole of the Evidence for the Truth of the Charge remains unanswered, and in full Force against the said Warren Hastings, who on this Occasion recurred to the Declaration he had before made to the Directors; viz. " That he would most fully and liberally explain every Circumstance of

6 T "his

V

Charges

ag&inli

Mr.Hrfiiqp.

App/to nth Rep. M.

7th Jan. 1776.

0*K.

19th May 1775.

D* K. b.

Ith Nov. 1776.

uthRep. Sd. Com. Page 11. App. to D°,

C. N° 1.

App. to 6th Rep. of Secret Com. N*»86.

1 ith Rep. App. B. N° 1.

a5th Jan. 1781. App. B. N* 7.

uthRep. P.7.

530

4° Jprilis. 4, 1786.

his Conduct," but has never since that Time given the Directors any Explanation whatsoever of his said Conduct — And finally, that when the Court of Directors, in January 1776, referred the Question (concerning the Legality of the Power assumed, and repeatedly exercised by the said Warren Hastings, of dissolving the Council at his Pleafere) to the late Charles Sayer, then Standing Council of the East India Company, the find Charles Sayer declared his Opinion in Favour of the Power; but concerning the Use and Exercise of it, in the Cafes dated, did declare his Opinion in the following Words: " I believe he, Warren Hastings, is the ".first Governor that ever difiolved a Council inquiring " into his Behaviour, when be was innocent." Before be could fuuunon Three Councils, and didolve them, he had Time fully to consider what would be the Result of such ConduCI, to convince every Body beyond a Doubt of his conscious Guilt.

That by a Resolution of a Majority of the Council, constituting a lawful Ad of the Governor General and Council, the said Khdn JehanKhdn was difmided from the Office of Phoufdar of Ho, for a Contempt of the Authority of the Board. — That, within a few Weeks ader the Death of the late Colonel the Number of the Council being then even, and all Questions being then determined by the Governor General’s cading Voice, the said Warren Hastings did move, and carry it in Council, that the said Khan Jehan Khdn diould be redored to his Office; — and that Redoration not having been preceded, accompanied, or followed by any Explanation or Defence whatsoever, or even by a Denial of the specific and circumdantial Charge of Collusion with the said Khdn Jehan Khdn, has confirmed the Truth of the said Charge.

That, besides the Sums charged to have been paid to the said Warren Hastings by the said Nuncomar and Mumty Begum, and Khdn Jehan Khdn, and besides the

Sum of 110,000l. already mentioned to have been accepted without Hesitation by him as a Present on the Part of the Nabob of Oude and that of Ills Miniders, the Circumstances of which have been particularly reported to the House of Commons, it appears by the Confession of the said Warren Hastings, that he has, at different Times since the Promulgation of the A fit of 1773, received various other Sums, contrary to the express Prohibition of the said A 6k, and his own declared Sense

of the evident Intent and Obligation thereof. — That in the Month of June 1780, the said Warren Hastings made to the Council, what he called " a very unusual " Tender, by offering to exonerate the Company from " the Expence of a particular Measure, and to take it " upon himself; declaring that he had already deposited " Two Lacks of Rupees (or Twenty-three thousand " Pounds) in the Hands of the Company’s Sub-Treasurer for that Service." That in a subsequent Letter, dated the 29th of November 1780, he informed the Court of Directors, that " this Money, by whatever Means it " came into their Possession, was not his orvnbut he did not then, nor has he at any Time since made known to the Court of Directors from whom, dr on what Account, he received that Money, as it was his Duty to have done in the first Instance; and, notwithstanding the said Directors signified to him their Expedition that he should communicate to them " immediate Information *' of the Channel by which this Money came into his " Possession, with a complete Illustration of the Cause " or Causes of so extraordinary an Event:" — But, from Evidence examined in England, it has been discovered that this Money was received by the said Warren Hostings from Chat Sing, the Rajah of Benares, who was soon after dispossessed of all his Property, and driven from his Country and Government by the said Warren Hastings.

That notwithstanding the Declaration made by the said Warren Hastings, that he had actually deposited the Sum above-mentioned in the Hands of the Company’s Sub-Treasurer for their Service, it does not appear, that " any Entry whatsoever of that, or any other Payment P.4.

" by the Governor General, was made in the Treasury " Accounts, at or about the Time," nor is there any Trace, in the Company’s Books, of its being actually paid into their Treasury.

It appears then, by the Confession of the said Warren Hastings, that this Money was received by him; but it does not appear that he has converted it to the Property and Ule of the Company.

That in a Letter from the said Warren Hastings to app- b. k* *. the said Court of Directors, dated the 22d of May 1782, but not dispatched, as it might and ought to have beeu, at that Time, but detained and kept back by the said Warren Hastings till the 16th of December following, he has confessed the Receipt of various other Sums, amounting (with that which he accepted from the Nabob of Oude) to nearly 200,000l. which Sums he affirmed had been converted to the Company’s Property through his Means, but without discovering from whom, or on what Account he received the fame. — That, instead of converting this Money to the Company’s Property, as . he affirmed he had done, it appears that he had lent the greater Part of it to the Company upon Bonds bearing Interest, which Bonds were demanded and received by him, and, for aught that yet appears, have never been

f'ven up or cancelled. — That for another considerable art of the above-mentioned Sum he has taken Credit to himself, as for a Deposit of his own Property, and therefore demandable by him out of the Company’s Treasury, at his Discretion. — That all Sums so lent or deposited are not alienated from the Person who lends or deposits the fame, consequently, that the Declaration made by the said Warren Hastings, that he had converted the Whole of these Sums to the Company’s Property, was not true; nor would such a Transfer, if it had really been made, have justified the said Warren Hastings in originally receiving the Money; which being, in the first Instance, contrary to Law, could not be rendered legal by any subsequent Disposition or Application thereof; much less would it have justified the said Warren Hastings in delaying to make a Discovery of these Transafitions to the Court of Directors, until he had heard of the Inquiries then begun, and proceeding in Parliament, in finally making a Discovery, such as it is, in Terms the most intricate, obscure, and contradictory. That, instead of that full and clear Explanation of his Conduct, which the Court of Directors demanded, and which the said Warren Hastings was bound to give them, he has contented himself with telling the said Directors, that " if ld " this Matter was to be exposed to the View of the Pub- r££’b. n*j " lie, his Reasons for acting as he had done might furniffi " a Variety of Conjectures, to which it would be of little " Use to reply. That he either chose to conceal the " first Receipts from Public Curiosity, by receiving " Bonds for the Amount, or possibly acted without any " studied Design which his Memory could at that Distance of Time verify; and that he could have concealed " them from their Eye, and that of the Public, for ever."

That the Discovery, as far as it goes, establishes the Guilt of the said Warren Hastings, in taking Money against Law, but does not warrant a Conclusion that he has discovered all that he may have taken. That, on the contrary, such Discovery not being made in proper Time, and when made, being imperfefit, perplexed, and wholly unlatisfafitory, leads to a jult and reasonable Presumption, that other Facts of the same Nature have been concealed, since those which he has confessed might have been for ever; and that this partial Confession was either extorted from the said Warren Hastings by the Dread

A’jfcj

3$ Qpo^III.

4

of. Detection, or with a view of removing

Sufpjciop, and preventing any further Ifntjulr^ into his' yo, ndpct.

That the said Warren Hasin a Letter to the Court of Directors, dated 21st of 1784, has

eonfeffed his having privately another Sum of

SjToney, tjffe Amount of which he has not declared, but lyhich, from the Application he fays he has made of it,1 could, not be Ids than 'fliirty-fous thousand bounds Sterling, — -That, be has not informed the Directors from whom he received th^ Money. af what Timej nor of what Account; but, on the contrary, has attempted to justify the Receipt of it, which was illegal, by the Application of it, which was unauthorized and unwarrantable, and which, if admitted as a Reason for receiving ^foney privately, would constitute a Precedent of the inpft dangerous Nature to the Company’s Service. — Inat in attempting to justify the Receipt and Application of foe find Money, he has endeavoured to establish princip^ of Condpft in a Gbyerhor,' which'' tend to fubryert all Order and Regularity in the Cohduft of public Bufinefe, to encourage and facilitate Fraud and Corruption in all Offices of pecuniary Trust, and to defeat a}l Inquiry into the Misconduct of any Person in whom pecuniary Trust is reposed. — That the said tfarren Hastings, in his Letter above mentioned, has made a Declaration to the Court of Directors, in the following Terms: — " Having had Occaffon to disburse " from n5y own Cash many Sums, which though required to enable me to execute the Duties of my Station, I have hitherto omitted to enter in my public u Accounts, and my own Fortune being unequal to so " heavy a Charge, I have resolved to reimburse myself " in a Mode the most suitable to the Situation of your "Affairs, by charging the same in my Durbar Accounts of the prefpnt Ye^rjand crediting them by a Sum " privately received, anff appropriated to your Service 41 in the same Manner with other "Sums received on Account of the "Honourable Company, anfo already 41 carried to their Account." — That, at foe Time of writing this Letter the said Warren Hastings had been in Foffeflion of the Government of Port tfilliam about Twelye Years, with a clear Salary, or avowed Emoluments, at no Time less than Twenty-five thousand Pounds Sterling a Year, exclusive of which all the principal Expences of his Residence were paid for by the Company. — That if the Services mentioned by him were required to enable him to execute the Duties of his Station, he ought not to have omitted to enter them in his public Accounts, at the Times when the Expences were incurred. That if it was true, as he affirms, that when he first engaged in these Expences he had no Intention to carry them to the Account of the Company, there was no subsequent Change in his Situation which could justify his departing from that Intention. — That if his own Fortune, in the Year 1784, was unequal to so heavy a Charge, the State of his Fortune, at any earlier Period, must have been frill more unequal to so heavy a Charge. — That the Fact so asserted by the said Warren Hastings leads directly to an Inference palpably false and absurd, viz! That the longer a Governor General holds that lucrative Office, the poorer he mult become. — That neither would the Assertion, if it were true, nor the Inference, if it were admitted, justify the Conduct avowed by the said in

resolving to reimburse himself out of the ‘ Company’s Property, without their Consent or Knowledge. — That the Account transmitted in this Letter is styled by himself an Aggregate of a contingent Account of Twelve rears. — That all contingent Accounts should be submitted to those who ought to have an Official Controul over them, at Annual or other shorter Periods, in order that ‘the Expence already incurred may. be checked and examined, Vol. 41.

53,

and similar Expences, if disapproved of, may be prohi- Charges bited hi'Time ' tHat'asser a‘Very Ibng Period is elapsed, ^a,"A.. alj Check and Cpntroul over fudh Expetices is imprafti- /* >n®*’

cable; and? if it wlere practicable in the present Instance, would be completely useless/ since the stud Has-

tings, without waiting for" the 'Content of the Directors, dpi resolve to reimburse"himsdf. — That the Conduct of

foe foid Warren Hastings, 'id withholding these Accounts for Twelve Years together, and then tefolring to reimburse himself without the Consent of his1 Employers, has been fradulent’in the First Instance, and in the Second amounts to a Denial and Mockery of the Authority placed over him by Law; and that he has thereby set a dangerous Example to his Successors, and to every Man in Trust or Office under him. — That the Mode in which he has reimbursed himself is a Crinfe of a much higher ‘Order, and greatly aggravates ’whatever was already Criminal in the' other Paris of this Transaction.

That' the said Warred Hastings, in declaring that he should reimburse himself, by crediting the Company by a Sum privately received, nas acknowledged himself guilty of anvillegal Act, in ‘receiving Money privately. — That he has suppressed or withheld every Particular which could throw any Light on a Conduct so suspicious in a Governor, as the private Receipt of Money. — That the general Confession of the private Receipt Of a large Sum iri grOls, in which no 'Circumstance of Time, Place,

Occasion, or Person, nor even the Amount is specified, tends to cover or ’ protest any Act of the' fame' Nature (as far as a general Confession can protest such Acts) which may be detected hereafter, and which in Fast may not make Part of the groifs Sum so eonfeffed, and that it tends to perplex and defeat all inquiry into such Practices. — That the said Warren Hastings, in stating to the Directors that he has resolved to reimburse himself in a Mode the 'most suitable to the Situation of their Affairs, viz. by receiving Monies privately against Law, has stated a PresumptioO highly injurious to the Integrity of the said Directors; viz.that they will not object to, or even' inquire into, any extraordinary Expences, incurred and charged by their Governors in India, provided such Expences are reimbursed by Money privately and illegally received.' — That he has not explained what that Situation of their Affairs was or could be, to which so dangerous and corrupt a Principle was or might be applied. — That no Evidence has been produced to prove that it was true, nor any' Ground of Argument stated to shew that it might be credible, that any Native of India had voluntarily and gratuitously given Money privately to the said Warren Hastings, that is, without forae Prospect of a Benefit in Return, of some Dread of his Resentment, if he rtefufed. — That it is not a Thing to be believed, that any Native would give large Sums privately to a Governor, which he refilled to give or lend publicly to Government, unless it" were to derive'some adequate secret Advantage from the Favour, or to avoid some Mischief from the Enmity, of such Gbvernor. That the late Confessions made by the said Warred Hastings of Money received Law, are no'Prods that he did not originally intend to appropriate the'fatnfe to his own Use, such Gbrifessions having been' made at a lufpicious Moment, w'heh, and not before, he'was apprised of the Inquiries commenced "in the ’House’ of .'Commons, and when a Dread' Of the Consequence' of those Inquiries might aft‘upon his ‘Mind; that such1 Confessions, from the obscure, intricate, and contradictory Manner in which they are made, imply Guilt in the said Warren,

as far' aS they gO; that they do not furnish any Colour of Reason to conclude that he /has eonfeffed all the Money which he may have corruptly received; but that, on the contrary, they warrant'a just and reasonable Pfefumption, that in discovering some Part of the Bribes 1 he

jr~

532 4* April 178

Charge* he had received, he hoped to lull Suspicion, and thereby *£"1?.. conceal and secure the rest. r. ngk ^hat the Court of Directors, when the former Accounts of these Transactions came before them, did shew an evident Dispofilion not to censure the said 6th March 1*4. Warren Hastings, but to give the roost favourable Construction to his Conduct; that nevertheless they found themselves obliged " to confess that the Statement of " those Transactions appeared to them in many Parts " so unintelligible, that they felt themselves under the " Necessity of calling on the Governor General for an " Explanation, agreeably to his Promise voluntarily " made to them."

That their Letter, containing this Requisition, was received in Bengal in the Month of August 1784, and that the said warren Hastings did not embark for England until the 2d of February 1785, but made no Reply to that Letter before his Departure, owing, as he has since said, to a Variety of other more important Occupations. — That, under Pretence of such Occupations, he neglected to transmit to the Court of Directors a Copy of a Paper, which, be fays, contained the only Account he ever kept of the Transaction. That such a Paper, or a Copy of it, might have been transmitted, without interrupting other important Occupations, if any could be more important than that of giving a clear and satisfactory Answer to the Requifi-ift July 17*j. tion of the Directors. That, since his Arrival in England, he has written a Letter to the Chairman of that Court, professedly in Answer to their Letter above-mentioned, but iu Fact giving no Explanation or Satisfaction whatsoever on the Points which they had declared to be unintelligible. That the Terms of his Letter are ambiguous and obscure, such as a guilty Man might have Recourse to, in order to cover his Guilt, but such as no innocent Man, from whom nothing was required but to clear his Innocence, by giving plain Answers to plain Questions, could possibly have made Use of That in his Letter of the nth of July 1785 he fays, " That he has been kindly apprized, that the Information required as above was yet expected from " him: That the Submission, which his Respect would " have enjoined him to pay to the Command imposed " on him, was lost to his Recollection, perhaps, from the " stronger Impression, which the first and distant Perusal " of it had left on his Mind, that it was rather intended " as a Represension for something which had given " Offence in his Report of the original Transaction, than " as expressive of any Want of a further Elucidation " of iu"

That the said Warren Hastings, in affecting to doubt whether the Information exprefely required of him by his Employers, was expected or not, has endeavoured to justify a criminal Delay and Evasion in giving it.-r-That, considering the Importance of the Subject, and the recent Date of the Command, it is not possible that it could be lost to his Recollectionmuch less is it possible that he could have understood the specific Demand of an Answer to specific Questions to be intended only as a Represension for a former Offence; viz. the Offence of withholding from the Directors that very Explanation which he ought to have given in the First Instance. — That the said Warren Hastings, in his Answer to the said Questions, cautiouily avoids affirming or denying any Thing, in clear positive Terms, and professes to recoiled; nothing with absolute Certainty. — That he has not, even now, informed the Directors of the Name of any one Person from whom any Part of the Money in Question was received, nor what was the Motive of any one Person for giving the fame. — That he has, indeed, declared that his Motive for lending to the Company, or depositing in their Treasury, in his own Name, Money which he has, in other

Places, declared to be their Property, was to avoid Ostentation, and that lending the Money was the least

liable to Refection; yet, when he has stated these and other conjectural Motives for his own Conduct, he declares he will not affirm, though he is frmly persuaded, that those were his sentiments on the Occasion. That of one Thing only the said Warren Hastings declares he is certain; viz. " That it was his Design originally to " have concealed the Receipt of all the Sums, except " the Second, even from the Knowledge of the Court " of Directors; but that when Fortune threw a Sum " in his Way of a Magnitude which could not be " cealed, and the peculiar Delicacy of his Situation,

" at the Time in which he received it, made him more " circumspect of Appearances, he chose to apprize his " Employers of it." — That the said Warren Hastings informs the Directors that he had indorsed the Bonds taken by him for Money belonging to the Company, and lent by him to the Company, in order to guard against their becoming a Claim on the Company as Part of his Estate in the Event of his Death; but he has not affirmed, nor does it any where appear, that he has surrendered the said Bonds, as he ought to have done. That the said Warren Hastings, in affirming that he had not Time to answer the Questions put to him by the Directors, while he was in Bengal — in not bringing with him to England the Documents necessary to enable him to answer those Questions, or in pretending that he has not brought them — in referring the Directors back again to Bengal for those Documents, and for any further Information on a Subject on which he has given them no Information, and particularly in referring them back to a Person in Bengal for a Paper which he fays contained the only Account he ever kept of the Transaction, while he himself professes to doubt whether that Paper be still in being, whether it be in the Hands of that Person, or whether that Person can recollect any Thing distinctly concerning it — has been guilty of gross Evasions, and of palpable Prevarication and Deceit, as well as of Contumacy and Disobedience to the lawful Orders of the Court of Directors; and thereby confirmed all the former Evidence of his having conllantly used the Influence of his Station for the most scandalous, illegal, and corrupt Purposes.

N° 9.

That Warren Hastings having, by his Agent Lauchlin Macleane, Esquire, on the 1 otW Day of October, in the Year 1776, " signified to the Court of Directors his Appen&t* " Desire to resign his Office of Governor General of 9tbRep'N°,°l " Bengal, and requested their Nomination of a Successor " to the Vacancy which would be thereby occasioned in the Supreme Council," the Court of Directors did thereupon desire the said Lauchlin Macleane " to inform " them of the Authority under which he acted in a Point " of such very great Importance; and the said Laughlin Macleane " signifying thereupon his Readinefe to give ibid.

" the Court every possible Satisfaction on that Subject,

" but the Powers with which he was intruded by the " Papers in his Custody being mixed with other Matters " of a Nature extremely confidential, he would submit the same to the Inspection of any Three of " the Members of the Court," the said Court of Direc- j

tors impowered the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and Richard Beecher, Esquire, to- inspeCk the Authorities,

Powers, and Directions with which Mr. Macleane was furnished by Mr. Hastings, to make the Propositions contained in his Letter of the 10th October 1776, and to report their Opinion thereon. And the said Committee did accordingly, on the 23d of the said Month, report, " That, having conferred with Mr. Macleane j

26 Geo. III. 4’ ApriHs.533

" on the Subject of his Letter presented to the Court mencing from the Date of the said Proclamation; but did charges " the nth Instant, they found that, from the Purport of not carry any of the Acts or Resolutions so prepared into against " Mr. Hastings & Instructions, contained in a Paper in Execution. Mr. Hading*.

" his own Hand Writing given to Mr. Macleatie, and That the said Warren Hastings did, notwithstanding " produced by him to them, Mr. Hastings declared he thereof, and in pursuance of his Resolution to aifeit and " would not continue in the Government of Bengal, un- maintain his Authority, illegally and unjultiiiably sumless certain Conditions, therein specified, could -be mon the Council to meet in another Department, and did " obtained, of which they law no Probability; and Mr. fit and preside therein, apart from the said General Cla George Vansittart had declared to them, that he was vering and his Council; and in Conjunction with Richard " present when these Instructions were given to Mr. Barwell, Esquire, who concurred therein, issued sundry,

" Alacleahe, and when Mr. Hastings empowered Mr. Orders, and did sundry Acts of Government belonging " Macleane to declare his Resignation to tlte said Court: to the Office of Governor General; and, amongli others,

" That Mr. Stewart had likewise confirmed to them, did order several Letters to be written in the Name of " that Mr. Hastings declared to him, that he had given the Governor General and Council, and did subscribe " Directions to the above Purpose by Mr. Macleane." the lame, to the Commandant of the Garrison of Fort And the Court of Directors, having received from William, and to the Commanding Officer at -

the said Report due Satisfaction respecting the Authority pore, and to the Commanding Officers at the other vested in the said Lauchlin Macleane, to propose the Stations, and also to the Provincial Councils and Col-laid Resignation of the Office of Governor General of lectors in the Provinces, enjoining them severally " to Bengal, did Unanimously resolve to accept the fame; " obey no Orders, excepting such as should be signed and did also, under Powers vested in the said Court by " by the said Warren or a Majority of his

the Act of the 13th Year of His present Majesty, " nomi- " Council."

" nate and appoint Edward Wheler, Esquire, to succeed That the said Warren Hastings did by the said Proto the Office in the Council of Fort William in Ben- ceedings, which were contrary both to Law and to good " gal, which will becoine vacant by the said Resignation, Faith, constitute a double Government, thereby destroy-'* if such Nomination shall be approved by His Ma- ing and annihilating all Government whatever; and, by "jesty:" which Nomination and Appointment was his said Orders to the Military Officers, did prepare for1 afterwards, in due Form, approved and confirmed by open Resistance by Arms, exposing thereby the Settle-His Majesty. meat and all' the Inhabitants, Subjects of or dependant

That the Court of Directors did, by a Pollscript to on the British Government, whether Native or Ettro-their General Letter, dated 25th October 177 6,acquaint pean, not only to Political Distractions, but to the Hor-the Governor General and Council at Calcutta, of their rors of Civil War; and did, by exposing the Divisions:' Acceptance of the said Resignation, of their Appoint- and Weakness of the Supreme Government, and thereby mens of Edward Wheler, Esquire, to fill the said loosening the Obedience of the Provinces, shake the Vacancy, and of His Majesty’s Approbation of the said whole Foundation of British Authority, and imminently Appointment,- together with the Grounds of their said endanger the Existence of the British Nation in India. Proceedings: And did transmit to the said Governor That the said Evils were averted only by the Modera-General and Council Copes of the said Instruments of tbn of the said General Clover ing, and Philip Francis, Appointment and Confirmation. Esquire, in consenting to a Reference, and submitting to

" That the said Dispatches from the Court of Directors the Decision of the Judges of the Supreme Court of '

were received at Calcutta, and were read in Council on’ Judicature, although they entertained no Doubts them-the 19th Day of June, in the Year 1777; and that War-< selves on the Legality of their Proceedings, and the ren Hastings, Esquire, having taken no Steps to yield the Validity of General Clavering’s instant Right to the Government to his Successor, General Clavering, and Chair; and although they were not in any Way bound having observed a profound Silence on the Subject of the by . Law. to consult the said Judges, who had no legal find Dispatches, he, the said General Clavering, did, on or judicial Authority therein, in virtue of their Offices, the next Day, being the 20th of June, by a Letter ad- or as a Court of Justice, but were consulted, and inter- ' drafted to the said Warren Hastings, require him to fur- poled their Advice, only as Individuals, by the voluntary render the Keys of Fort William and of the Company’s Reference of the Parties in the said Dispute. And the Treasuries: But the said Warren Hastings did positively said Warren Hastings, by his Declaration, entered in, refuse to comply with the said Requisition, "denying Minutes of Council, "that it was his Determination to w

" that his Office was vacated, and declaring his Resolu- " abide by the Opinion of the Judges," and by the n° 114.* tion to aftert and maintain his Authority by every Measures he had previously taken as aforesaid, to enforce " legal Means." the same by Arms, did risque all the dangerous Conle-

That the said General Clavering, conceiving that the quences above-mentioned; which mull have taken place.

Office of Governor General was vacated, by the Arrival if the said General Clavering, and Philip Francis, of the said Dispatches, whicti acquainted the Council' Esquire, had not been more tender of the Public In-General of the Resignation of the said Warren Hastings, terefts, and less tenacious of their own Rights, and had and the Appointment of the said Edward Wheler,' persisted in their Claim, as they were by Law entitled to Esquire, and that he, the said General Clavering, had, do, the extrajudicial Interposition of die Judges notwith-in consequence thereof, legally succeeded, under the Pro- Handing; and from which Claim they receded only from visions of the Act of the 13th Year of His present Ma- their Desire to preserve the Peace of the Settlement, and jesty’s Reign, to the said Office of Governor General,. to prevent the Mischiefs which the illegal Resistance of become vacant in the Manner aforesaid, did, in virtue the said Warren Hastings would otherwise infallibly have thereof, Hl’tie, in his own Name, Summonses to Richard occasioned.

Barwell, Esquire, and Philip Francis^ Esquire, Mem- That after the said Judges had delivered their Opinion, bers of the Council, to attend the fame; and in the " That the Place and Office of Governor General of Presence-of the said Philip Francis, Esquire, who obeyed " this Presidency bad not yet been vacated by Warren the said Summons, did take the Oaths as Governor " Hastings, and that the actual Afiumption of the General, and did fit and preside in Council as Governor " Goverment by the Member of the Council next in'

General, and prepared several Acts and Resolutions in the " Succession to Mr. Hastings, in consequence of any said Capacity of Governor General; and did, amongli " Deduction which could be made from the Papers other Things, prepare a Proclamation to be made of his " communicated to them,' would be absolutely illegal said Succession to the Government, and of its com- and after the said General Clacering, and Philip Francis,

You 41. U Esquire,

534 4 Aprili 1786.

Charges Esquire, had signified to the said Bastings, by a

gainst Letter dated the 21st of ,"their Intention toac- Mr. Hasting*. qUjefce in the said Opinion of the Judges;* and when the Differences in the Supreme Council were by these Means composed, and the Calamities consequent thereon were avoided; the said Warren Hastings and 'Richard Harwell, Esquires, did once more endanger the Public Peace and Security by other illegal, unwarrantable, and unprovoked Acts of Violence; having omitted to summon either the said General or the said Philip

Francis, Esquire, to Council; and having, in a Council held thus privately and clandestinely, and contrary to Law, on the 22d Day of June, come to the following Resolutions; viz.

" Resolved, That by the said Acts, Orders, and Declarations, of Lieutenant General John Clavering, recited in the foregoing Papers [meaning the Proceedings of General Claiering in his separate Council on the 20th of June] he has actually usurped and assumed, and taken Possession of, the Place and Office of Governor General of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, granted by the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty to Warren Hastings, Esquire.

" Resolved, That Lieutenant General John Clavering has thereby relinquished, resigned, surrendered, and vacated, the Office of Senior Counsellor of Fort William in Bengal.

" Resolved, That Lieutenant General John Clavering has thereby relinquished, religned, surrendered, and vacated, his Plaice of Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India.

" Resolved, That Richard Esquire, by vir-

tue of the said Act of Parliament, and by the Death of the Honourable George Monson, Esquire, is promoted to the Office of Senior Counsellor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in consequence of the said Relinquishment, Resignation, Surrender, and Vacation of General Chroering.

" Resolved, That the Office of Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India, by the Relinquishment, Resignation, Surrender, and Vacation of General Clavering, and by the Death of the Honourable George Monson, Esquire, does no longer exist.

" Resolved, That, for the Preservation of the Legality of our Proceedings, Lieutenant General John Clavering be not in future liimmoned or admitted as a Member of the Governor General and Council."

And the said Warren Hastings, and Richard Barwell,

' Esquire, did again fit in Council on the next Day, being

the 23d of June, without summoning either General Clavering, or Philip Fronds, Esquire; and did come to several other Resolutions, and make several Orders, contrary to Law or Justice, and inconsistent with the Tranquillity and the Security of the Settlement; that is to fey, they ordered their Secretary " to notify to General " Chroering that the Board had declared his Offices of " Senior Counsellor and Commader in Chief to be vacant; and to furnish him with a Copy of these Proceedings containing the -Grounds of the Board for the " aforesaid Declaration."

And they ordered Extracts of the said Proceedings " to be issued in General Orders, with Letters to all this " Provincial Councils and Military Stations, directing " them to pablifii the same in General OrdersAna drey resolved, " That all Military Returns be made to " the Governor General and Council, in their Military " Department* until a Commander in Chief ihallbe " appointed by the Compaoy."

That on the Day following, that is to fey, on die' . 24th of June, the said Warren Hastings did again omit' to summon General Chroering to Council, and did again, together with Richard Harwell, Eftjuire, who.

02

concurred therein-, adhere to and confirm the said illegal Resolutions come to on the Two former Days, declaring " that they could not be retrafted but by the present " Authority of the Law, or by future Orders from " Home;" and aggravating the Guilt of the said unjustifiable Acts, by declaring, as the said Warren Hastings did; " that they were not the precipitate Effects of an " instant and passionate Impulse, but the Fruits of long " and most temperate Deliberations, of inevitable Ne-

cefflty, of the strictest Sense of public Duty, and of " a Conviction equal in its Impression on his Mind to " absolute Certainty."

That the said Warren Hastings was the less excusable in this obltinate Adherence to his former unjust Proceedings, as the said Declarations were made in Answer to a.

Motion made by Philip Francis, Esquire, for the Rever-fal of the said Proceedings, and to a Minute introducing the said Motion; in which Mr. Francis set forth, in a clear and forcible Manner, and in Terms with which the Court of Directors have since declared their entire Concurrence, both the extreme Danger and the Illegality and Invalidity of the said Proceedings of Wjarren Hastings. and Richard Barwell, Esquire, concluding the said Minute by the following conciliatory Declaration;

" And, that this salutary Motion' may not be impeded-

by any Idea or Suspicion that General Chroering maydo any Act mconliftent with the Acquiescence which " both he and I have avowed in the Decision of the " Judges, I will undertake to answeF for him in this " Respect; or that, if he should depart from the true " Spirit and Meaning of that Acquiescence, I will not " be a Party with him in such Proceedings."

That the said Warren Hastings could not plead Ignorance of the Law in Exeufe for the said illegal Acts, a* it appears, froth the Proceedings of the Four preceding Days, that he was well acquainted with the Tenure by which the Members of the Council held their Offices under the Act of the 13th of His present Majesty, and had stated the same as a Ground for retaining his own Office, contrary to an express Declaration of the Court' of Directors, and on Instrument under the Sign Manual of His Majesty: And the Judges of the Supreme- Court, in their Reasons for their Decision in his Favour, had stated the Provisions in the said Act, so far as they related to the Matter in Dispute; from which it appeared, that there were but Four Grounds on Which the Office *,6^*j of any Member of the Council could be vacated; namely.

Death, Removal, Resignation, or Promotion. And as the Act confined the Power of Removal to " His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; upon Representation " made by the Court of Directors of the said United " Company foe the Time being and conferred no such , 10 #fthe Power on the Governor General, or a Majority of the Council, to remove, on any Ground, or for any Canfe Whatever, One of their Colleagues; so, granting the Claim of General Chroering to the Chair, and his Acts done in Furtherence thereof, to have been illegal and criminal in whatever'Degree, yet it did not furnish to the rest of the Council any Ground to remove him from his Office of Counsellor, under the Provisions of the said Act; and there could therefore remain only his Resignation, or Promotion, as a possible Means of vacating his said Office. But with regard to the Promotion of General Chroering to the Office of Governor General, although, he claimed it himself, yet, as Mr. Hastings did not admit it, and as in Fast it was even receded from by General Chroering, it could not be considered, at least by Mr. Hastings, as a valid Ground for vacating his Office - of Senior Counsellor, since the Act requires for that Purpose, not a rejected Claim, but an aftoal and effectual Piprnotion; and General Glavering's Office of Counsellor could no more be vacated by such a naked Claim, uhsupported and difi-

allowed,

26 Geo. III. 40 ApriliS. 535

allowed, than the Seat of a Member of the House of of the Council next in SuCCelfion was (in the actual Charges Commons could be vacated, and a new Writ issued " Circumstances, and rebus sic stantibus) illegal." |falHLtins

to supply the Vacancy, by his Claim to the Office of That the said Hastings does nowhere him- r'

Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds, when his Majesty self contend, that the said Resignation was not absolute, has refused to appoint him to the said Office. And but optional, according to the true Meaning and Un-with regard to Resignation, although the said Warren derstanding of the Parties in and so far as the

Hastings, as a Colour to his illegal Resolutions, had Acts of Lauchlin Macleane, Esquire, and the Court of aftededly introduced the Word " Resigned," amongst Directors, were binding on him; but, on the contrary, those of " relinquished, surrendered, and vacated," yet be grounds his Refuf&l to complete the lame, not on he well knew that General Clacet'ing had made no any Interpretation of the Words in which the said Re?

Offer nor Declaration of his Resignation of his Offices signation, and the other Instruments aforesaid, were of Senior Counsellor and Commander in Chief; an4 conceived, but rather on a Disavowal (not direct in* that lie did not claim the Office of Governor General deed, but implied) of his said Agent, and of the Powers on the Ground of any such Resignation made by him- under which the said Agent had claimed to ad in his lelf, but on the Ground of a Resignation made by the Behalf. Neither did the said Warren Hastings grouud said Warren Hastings; which Resignation the said his laid Refusal on any Objection to the particular Warren Hastings did not admit; and the Use of the Day, or Period, or Circumstances, in which the Re-Term Resigned, on that Occasion, was therefore a quisition of General Clavering was made; nor accom-inaiiifeft and wilful Misconltrudion and Misapplication pany the said Refusal with any Qualification in that of the Words of the Act of His present Majesty. And Relped, or with any Intimation that he would, at any such Mifinterpretaiion and false Extension of the Term future or more convenient Season, comply with the of Resignation was the more indecent in the said War- fame; although such an Intimation might probably ren Hastings, as lie was at the same Moment disavowing have induced General Clavering to wave an inltant and refilling to give Etied to his own clear and ex- and immediate Claim to the Chair, and might, therefore, press Resignation, according to the true Intent and have prevented the Distractions which happened, and Meaning of the Word, as used in the said Act, made the greater Evils which impended, in consequence of the by his Agent, duly authorized and instructed by him- laid Claim of General , and the said Refu-

self lb to do, to an Authority competent to receive and falof Warren Hastings, Esquire; but the said War-accept the fame. ren Hastings did, on the contrary, express his laid Re-

That although the said Warren Hastings did after- fufal in such general and unqualified Terms, as intimated wards recede from the said illegal Measures, id com- an Intention to refill absolutely and altogether, both pliance with the Opinion and Advice of the Judges then and at any future Time, the fetid Requisitioa again interposed, and did thereby avoid the Guilt of of General Clavering. And the subsequent Proceedings such further Acts, and the Blame of such further Evils; of the said Warren Hastings do all concur in proving as mult have been consequ?nt on a Perfiftapce therein; that such was his Intention; for he did afterwards, id yet he was, nevertheless, still guilty of the illegal Acts conformity to the Advice of the Judges, move a Re-above described; and the same are great Climes and solution in Council, " That all Parties be placed in

Misdemeanors. " the same Situation in which they Rood before the

That, although the Judges did decide that the Of- " Receipt of the last Advices from England; refeffice of Governor General, held by the said Warren " ving and submitting to a Decision in England,

HastingsTwas pot ipsofacto and instaftter, vacated by " the respective Claims that each Party may conceive the Arrival of the said Dispatches and Documents; " they have a Right to make, hut not acting upon those transmitted by the Court of Ditedofs; and did con- " Claims till such Decision shall arrive in ;"

lider the said Consequences of the Resignation as await-; thereby clearly and explicitly declaring, that it was not ing some future Ad or Event for its. complete and his Intention to surrender the Government until such eiffedual Operation; yet the said Judges did not d6- Decision should arrive in Bengal, which could not be clare any Opinion on the ultimate- Invalidity of the said expected in less Time than a Year and a Half after the Acts of Lauchlin Macleane, Esquire, as not being Date of the said Resolution; and thereby clearly and binding on his Principal, Warren Hastings*, Esquire, explicitly declaring, that he did not consider his Re-nor did they declare any Opinion, that the Obligation' signation as binding for the present And the said of the said Resignation was not from the Beginning Intention was manifested, if possible, still more di-conclusive and eifedual, although its Operation was;- redly and exprefely, in a Letter written by the said from the Neceflaty of the Cafe, on account of the Dif- Warren to the Court of Directors, dated the tance between England and Indxat to take place only 15th of August 1777, being almost Two Months af-in future; or that the said Resignation made by Lauch- ter the Receipt erf the said Dispatches, in which the lin Macleane, Esquire, was qnly au Offer or PropOfat laid Warren Hastings declares that "hedid not hold of a Resignatioa to be made at feme future and inde- " himself bound by the Notification made by Mr.

finite Period, or a mere Intimation of the Desire of " Macleane nor by any of the Acts consequent of

Warren Hastings, Esquire, to refigp at fotne future " it."

and indefinite Period, and that the said Resignationr, That, such appearing to have been the Intention notwithstanding the Acceptance thereof by the Court of the said Warren Hastings, General Clavering was of Directors, and the regular Appointment and Con- justified in immediately afiuming the Government, firmation of a Succoffor, was still to remain optional without waiting for any future Ad of the said Wwren in the said Warren Hastings, to be ratified or departed Hastings, for the actual Surrender of the said Govern-from at his future Choice or Pleasure; Dor did the ment, none such being likely to happen; and Philip laid Judges pronounce, nor do any of their lteafon- Brands, Esquire, was justified in supporting General ings which accompanied their Decision tend to establish Claver in the fame, on the foundefl Principles of it as their Opinion, that even the Time for ratifying and Justice, and on a Maxim received in Courts of Equi-eompleting the said Tranladion was to be at the solo ty, namely, That no one shall avail himself of his Discretion of the said Warren Hastings’, byt they only own Wrong; and that, if any one refuse or neglect delivered their Opinion, as aforesaid, that his said Office to perform that which be is bound to do, the Rights " has not yet been vacated, and (therefore) that the of others shall not be prejudiced thereby, but such " actual Affiimption of the Government by the Member Acts shall be deemed and reputed to have been Vol. 41. actually

V

53

A. 17

Charge* actually performed, and all the Consequences shall ayainil be enforced, which would have followed from such Mr. Hastings. a&uai Performance. And therefore the Resolutions moved and voted in Council by the said Warren Hastings, declaring the Offices of General Clavering to be vacant, were not only illegal, in as much as the said Warren Hastings had no Authority to warrant such a Declaration, even on the Supposition of the A els of General Ciavet'ing being contrary to Law; but the said Resolutions were further' highly culpable and criminal, in as much as the said Acts done by General which were made the Pretence of that Proceeding, were strictly regular and legal.

That the Refofal of the said Warren Hastings to ratify the said Resignation, and his Disavowal of the said Lauchlin Macleane, his Agent, is not justified by any Thing contained in his said Letter to the Court of Directors, dated on the 15th of 1777; the said Warren Hastings no where directly and positively asserting that the said Lauchlin Macleane was not his Agent, and had not both full and general Powers, and even particular Instructions, for this very Act; although the said Warren Hastings uses many indirect and circuitous, but insufficient and inapplicable. Insinuations to that Effect. And the said Letter does on the contrary contain a clear and express Avowal that the said Lauchlin Macleane was his Confidential Agent, and that in that Capacity he acted throughout, and particularly in tiro Special Matter, with Zeal and Fidelity. And the said Letter does further admit in Effect the Instructions produced by the said Lauchin Macleane Esquire, confirmed by Mr. Vansittart and Mr. , and

relied on and confided in by the- Court of Directors, by which the said Lauchlin Macleane appeared to be specially empowered to declare the said Resignation; the Words of the said Instruction being as follows:

" That he (M r. Hastings) will not continue in the " merit of Bengal, unless certain Conditions therein " specified can be obtainedAnd the Words of the Appendix t» said Letter being as follows: " What I myself know ftg* " with Certainty, or can recollect at this Distance of " Time, concerning the Powers and Instructions which " were given to Mefiieurs Macleane and Graham, when " they undertook to be my Agents in England, I will circumstantially relate.

" I am in Possession of Two Papers which were presented to those Gentlemen at the Time of their Departure from Bengal; one of which comprizes Four " Short Propositions, which I required as the Conditions of my being confirmed in this Government."

And although the Said Warren Hastings does here artfully Somewhat change the Words of his written Instructions (and which, having in his Possession, he might as easily have given verbatim) to other Words which may appear less explicit, yet they are in Fast capable of only the same Meaning; for, as, at the Time of giving the said Instructions to his Agents, he was in full. Pof-leflion of his Office, he could want no Confirmation therein, except his awn; and in Such Circumstances, " to require certain Things, as the Condition of his " being confirmed in his Government," is tantamount to a Declaration, " that he will not continue in his " Government, unless those Conditions can be obtained." And the said Attempt at Prevarication can Serve its Author the leis, as either both Sentences have one and the same Meaning; or, if their Meaning be different,' the original Instructions in his own Hand Writing, or in other Words, the Thing itself, inuft be preferred as Evidence of its Contents, to a loose Statement of its Purport, founded perhaps on a loose Recollection of it at a great Distance of Time.

That the said Refusal of Warren Hastings, Esquire, was a Breach of Faith with the Court of Directors,

and His Majesty’s Ministers in England; as the said Resignation was not merely a voluntary Offer, without any Consideration, and therefore subject to be recalled or retraced at the Pleasure of the said Warren Hastings, but ought rather to be considered as having been the Result of a Negociation carried on between Mr. Macleane, for the Benefit of Hastings,

Esquire, on the one Hand, and by the Court of Directors, for the Interests of the Company, on the other; which View of the Transaction will appear the more probable, when it is considered that, at the Time of the said Resignation, a strict Enquiry had been carrying on, by the Court of Directors, into the Conduct of the said Warren Hastings; and the Solicitor and Coun-fel to the Company, and other eminent Counsel, had given it as their Opinions, on Cafes stated to them, that there were Grounds for suing the said Warren Hastings, in the Courts of Law and Equity, and that the Company would be entitled to recover in the said Suits against Warren Hastings, Esquire, several very large

Sums of Money, taken by him in his Office of Governor General, contrary to Law, and in breach of his Covenants, and of his Duty to the Company and the Public; and the Court of Directors had also come to various levere Resolutions of Cenl'ure against the said Warren Hastings, and amongst others to a Refo-solution to recall the Said Warren Hastings, and remove him from his Office of Governor General, to answer for funtiry great Crimes and Delinquencies by him committed in his said Office.

And on these Accounts it appears probable, that the said Resignation was tendered and accepted, as a Consideration for some beneficial Concessions made in consequence thereof to the said Warren Hastings, in his laid dangerous and desperate Condition.

And the said Refusal was also an Act of great Dif-respect to the Court of Directors, and to His Majesty; and, by rendering abortive their said Measures solemnly and deliberately taken, and ratified and confirmed by His Majesty, tended to bring the Authority of the Court of Directors, and of His Majesty, into Contempt.

And the said Refusal was an Injury to General Clavering.

And was also, or might have been, a great Injury to Edward Wheler, Esquire.

And was an Act of Signal Treachery to Lauchlin Macleane, Esquire, as also to Mr. Vansittart and Mr.

Stewart, whole Honours and Veracity were thereby brought into Question, Doubt, and Suspicion.

And the said Refusal was prejudicial to the Affairs of the Servants of the Company in India, by Shaking the Confidence to be placed in their Agents by those Persons, with whom it might be for their Interests to negotiate on any Matter of Importance, and by thus subjecting the Communication of Persons Abroad with those at Home to Difficulties not known before.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Articles be printed, as Shall be fuSficient for the Use of the Members of the House. 1

Ordered, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were or- pfrfons u dered to attend the Committee of the whole House, attend, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said

Article*

a<5 Geo. lit. 40 — 50 537

Articles are referred, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 26th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the several Papers and Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East , be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of are

referred.

Ordered, That dhe several Reports which, since the Year 1772, have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and, from the SeleQ. Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Adrainistration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5* die Aprilis;

since expended, and the said Campany have never been able to raise the further Sum of 30,000 /.: That the Canal is compleated from Coventry to Atherstone, being about Sixteen Miles and Three Quarters in Length; but the Powers and Provisions of the said Afit have been found insufficient to enable the said Company to raise a sufficient Fund towards proceeding with the said Canal — That in pursuance of several Agreements, and of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Navigations, have undertaken and are empowered to execute that Part of the Coventry Canal wich lies between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, with a Power for the Coventry Company to redeem or purchase Part thereof, upon the Terms mentioned in such Agreements and Acts of Parliament.

And the Witness further said, That in order to complete the remaining Part of the said Coventry Canal between Atherstone and Fazeley, and also to support and maintain the Canal already made from Atherstone to Fazeley, it will be necessary that the said Coventry Company should have a Power to raise a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Rates; and that feme of the Rest rift ions contained in the said Afifc of the Eighth of His present Majesty should be repealed, ana several other Alterations and Amendments made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering effefitual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford', and for other Purposes therein mentioned; AQd that Mr. Page, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Wilmot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anno 26* Georgii 1II*U Regis, 1786. Pkatebs.

MR. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, nor to increase any of the Tolls or Duties authorized to be taken by the said Act; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His1 present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal then making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Company were enabled to raise amongst themselves the Sum of 50,000 lor the Purposes of the said Act; and if that Sum should not prove sufficient, they were authorized to raise a further Sum of 30,000l. in the Manner therein mentioned: And,

The Reverend Mr. Homer being examined, said, That the said Sum of 50,000 L hath been long Vol. 41.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Erich, Ac. Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of I"closure. Erich and Southwingfield, in the County of Derby, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich and Southwingfield, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report which, Stourbridgt upon the 2 2d Day of March last, was made from the Canal. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Persons. being Subscribers for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, on Behalf of themselves and the other Subscribers to that Undertaking; and also, the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Persons having Property in the County of Worcester, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the' City of Worcester, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a Navigable Cut from the intended Canal, at or near Ash Coppice, in the Parish of Hanbury, to communicate with the Droilwich Canal, at or near the Town of Droitwich, and for removing Shoals and other Obstrudions in the

C X River

538 5° 'dprihs- 1786.

River Secern, between the Cities of Worcester and ably Wider in that Part than it is either above or be-Gloucester. low — That the River is at that Place 230 Feet wide

between the Abutments, which is Twenty Yards Chester, ttc. Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom wider than it is immediately below — That all the Road*. the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Vessels which navigate that Part of the River are pair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the of a ConstruQion to lower their Masts — That if the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End Centre Arch shall be left Fifty Feet wide, and the of Wilders-Pool Causeway, and, from the Market other Parts of the Bridge are properly constructed, it Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Town- will leave a sufficient Water-way, and not impede ship of Ashton, in the County of Chester, was com- the flowing of the Water in any Degree whatever, roitted; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Shaw, Then,

Proprietor of certain Cora Mills at Mickle Trafford, Mr. Dyson being further examined, said, That the in the County of Chester', was referred; That the Com- Ferry at Gainsborough is sometimes dangerous and im-mittee had considered the said Petition, and had examined passable; and that the building a Bridge there will greatly the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; facilitate the Passage of Cattle and Sheep, and be of great and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and public Utility, as by Means thereof, and of the Roads made several Amendments thereunto, which they had proposed to be made and repaired, a Communication will

directed him to report to the House; and he read the be opened with the Great North Road at Barctry and

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Retford, and between the Counties of York, Nottingham, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where and Lincoln.

the Report was read. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

And the House being informed, that several other building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to Bill; the opposite Shore, in the Parish of in the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. County of Nottingham: And that Lord Edward Ben~

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the tinck, Mr. Medows, and Sir John Thorold, do prepare, Committee to whom the same was committed. and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Gain (borough Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Commit- making maintaining, and repairing a Road from the

Bridge, See. tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near

Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whole the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Coun- the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the ties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York, was referred; County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of That the Committee had examined, and found that the Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, and to East Retford, all situate in the said

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report to the Town of Gringleu on the Hill, in the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s County: And that Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr. Medows,

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; and Sir John Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the viz. fame.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Dyson being examined, said, That the Road from Sir Edward Astley reported from the Committee, to Tichwell the Ferry over the River Trent, at the South End of the whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosur*. Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to East Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is in many Places Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, dangerous to Travellers, and the Whole thereof in a in the County of , was committed, THat the

very ruinous State, narrow and incommodious, and is Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing frequently rendered impassable by the Overflowing of the Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, reraid River; and that the repairing and widening the said lative to Bills of Inclpfure, had been complied with; old Road, and in feme Parts altering and diverting the and that the Committee had examined the Allegations lame, lb as to avoid Floods, will be of great public of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Utility. the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the

That there is at present no Communication between Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York, except Proprietors of 84 Acres 3 Roods and 1 Perch of by Means of Ferries, for nearly the Space of Sixty Miles the Lands to be inclosed, who did not chuse to sign — That great Numbers of Cattle and Sheep frequently the Bill, but made no Objection to it; and the whole pals these Ferries, the Passage whereof is sometimes Quantity of the Lands to be inclosed is 1,365 Acres greatly impeded and even rendered dangerous in Times and 36 Perches; and also, except the Owners of Seven of Flood and Frosty which wa3 the same this last Winter Houses, or Tofts, having Right of Common upon for a long Time together, and was the Cause of railing Part of the said Lands, who did not chuse to lign the Price of Provisions at Leeds, and other Places, Fif- the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses, or teen or Twenty per Cent. — That Gainsborough is nearly Tofts, having such Right of Common, is Eighteen; the Centre of the said Sixty Miles, and is a most con- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to venient Situation for building a Bridge over the River oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone Trent. Then, through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, produced to Your thereunto, which they had directed him to report Committee a Plan for such proposed Bridge: And to the House; and he read the Report in his - being examined, he said, That a Bridge may be built Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the at or near the present Ferry at Gainsborough — That Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the be has examined the Place, and is of Opinion that Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Bridge may be constructed there, without any Im- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-pediment to the Navigation, or Obstruction to the tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Course of the Water, because the River is consider- House,

02 Ordered,

Scotch Society for promoting Thrift kin Knowledge*

Newfoundland Fisheries,

Deni Small Debts.

Plymoatk

Poor.

Creat

Grimsby

Hoad.

a6 Geo. III. 5° Aprilis. $39

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houife, to confuler of the Report which was made from the Committee, to wLcxn the Petition of the Society in Scotland, for propagating Christian Knowledge, was referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Committee, That hp was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u|x>n the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Earns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, and

Sholden, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and forfetting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates erf Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road w from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called

Vol. 41.

" The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and " from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of " Irby, in the County of Lincolnwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spittlegat« for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Hill Roud> the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made, One in the Twelfth Year of the Reim of King the

First, mid the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to Margate license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of - pla)'tl0U,'e-gate, in the Isle of Thatiet, in the County of Kent, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Civil List. Account of the Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being " in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of " Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned,

" which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil " Lift," and also, by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled,

" An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off " and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil " Lift."

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Ditto, the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in " Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Jrayments out of the said Revenues, and by foppressing or " regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are " now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Listand also, an Account of the Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the " Debts due and owing on the Civil List."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

54°

A. 1786.

50 Apriti,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assemblerL

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act " made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same " from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and " by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues " of the Civil List." And also,

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts " due and owing on the Civil List."

The Exchequer made in the the Sum of Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 8$c. amount to L s. d. 125,000 — —

The Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, which were made out by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fyc. amount to the Sum of-------- 55,000

I- 180,000

Exchequer, the 5th Day of April 1786.

John Hug

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

York to Kexby Bridge Road.

The Lord Galway reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Road from the City of York, by " ston-Smithy to Kexby Bridge, and from

" Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End " of Garraby Hill, in the County of ," whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Plummer being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, great Part of which still remains due — That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston-Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston-Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York: And that the Lord Galway, Mr.

Milnes, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing Ships soM. the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums of Money received for any of his Majesty’s Ships of the Line, or Frigates, fold between the in of January 1782 and the lft of 1786, distinguishing the Ship and Sum; and also, an Account of the Grols Amount of the Sums of Money arising from the Sale of Old Stores within the said Time, and the Uses to which those Sums have been applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the -Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

An ingrossed Bill for the more ealy and speedy Re- Sandwich, covery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, JValmer, Ash, Eastry, Wing-ham, Staple, Goodneslone, Chillenden, Nonnington,

Woodnesborough

26 Geo. III. 5° jiph 541

Worintsborough otherwise IVtnsbofmo, Word

otherwise Worth, Lime, Preston, and

Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster, and Saint Lawrence, in the Me of Thanet, Ash

Sandwich, Eastry, Wing Staple, Goodnestone next

Wingham, Chillenden, Nomungton, Woodnesboroagh other-

wile IVinsborow, Eytho Word otherwise Limestone, Preston next Wingham, Jckkam, and kambreux, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the BHl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barking Mr. Gascoyne, Senior, reported from the Committee,

Workhouse. to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and several other principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and Is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Spurnell being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Parish are of late Years greatly increased, and are maintained at a very considerable Expence, there not being any Workhouse in the Parish for their Reception; but that if a Place proper for that Purpose were provided, the Poor might be better supported, and at left Charge than they are at present.

That many Years ago a Free Grammar School was established within the said Parish, and Two large Buildings were erected, the one for the School and the other for the Schoolmaster, to whom an Annual Sum of Twenty Pounds was made payable, but no Provision having been made for repairing the said Buildings, the same are become ruinous, and the School is of very little Benefit to the Parish — that if Powers were given to convert the said PremilTes whereon the said Buildings are Handing to the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, and on other PremilTes very conveniently situate and adjoining to the said School House, which the Parish now have an Opportunity of purchasing on very reasonable Terms; and, if Power was also given for appropriating the said Annual Sum of Twenty Pounds towards educating the Children of those really Poor, the same would be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Parish.

And being further examined, he laid, That there is within the Town of Barking, in the said Parish, a common Wharf, where divers heavy and bulky Commodities are landed at or embarked from, and the same are suffered to remain thereon for a considerable Time, to the great Injury of the said Wharf, and to the Obstruction and Annoyance of Persons making life of the Wharf; and that it would be a Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if Provision was made to oblige Persons to remove all such heavy and bulky Commodities within a reasonable Time, and to regulate all Vessels lying at the said Wharf.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex’, and for regulating the common Wharf within the Town of Barking: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Senior, Mr . Bramston, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-Vol. 41.

count of the Amount of the Duties on all Coals exported Account of Coaittwife within the Kingdom of England, l'pecifying the C°ra,*de5t‘ . Sums ntifed at each Pert, from the 5th of 1780 printed.*0

to. the 5th of January 1786; difringuishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of Marchlati, by Mr. Pm'elt, from the ('onimissionets of the Customs) l*c pfrirtted, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to JU(,oes* consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rcfolVe itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Monies re-mainirtg in the Exchequer, for tile Uses of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5 th Day of January 1785; the Monies arisen and applicable to the fame, between the said 5th Day of January 1785 and the 5th Day of January 1786, with the Amount of the Demands unpaid on the 5th of January 1785, and of the Charge for the Year ended the 5th of January 1786 (as near as the same can be ascertained); the Payments in the said Year ended the 5th of January 1786; the Amount of the Demands unsatisfied, and the Money remaining and applicable towards discharging the fame, 8yc.; and ad Account of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, due and unpaid on the 5th Day of January 1786, with the Money applicable towards the Discharge of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted-the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that thfey may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hoafe will, upon Friddy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Gibraltar ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more efteftmrl, an- Act made in die lust Sessiort of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twentythird Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy " to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at " Gibraltar the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish " Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and " Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War,

" taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the " Enemy."

6 Y Resolved,

1 v

Ways and Mcuns.

New Malton Road.

The Click Paving, Ac,

542 50 — 6° A 1786.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Anno 26* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786. Prayers.

A 4 R. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom 1.VJL the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Filth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for re-jmiring and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town, and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. David Lambert being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road compleated and kept in Repair for the future, unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York: And that Mr. Weddell and Mr. Burke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Inhabitants within the Clink, or Bishop of Winchester’s Liberty, and Borough of Southwark, in the Parish of Saint and County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Stephen Lmodell, Esquire, being examined, said, That it would be a great Convenience to the Public if a new Street was to be made leading from the North End of a Place called Great Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, within the Clink Liberty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, I a lies, and other public Passages and Places, within the Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of

for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to Bank Side, in the said Liberty.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Lan»b«tb,&c, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for widening certain Parts of the said Road, leading from Westminster Bridge towards Remington Common-, for amending, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Roto, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Blackfriars Bridge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital', and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street aforesaid, into the said Blarkfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road; for repairing the Road between the South End of Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Parish of Christ Church; and for reducing all the Acts into One Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Godftom Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Hoad.

Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of " East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex:" And the

feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Sewn and principal Inhabitants, of Chepstow, in the County of Navigation. Monmouth: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Common Ditt*. Council, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Meadow Wharf, near Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near Diglis, below Worcester; and that the Petitione rs apprehend the passing of such Bill into a law will be a Means of opening and preserving a regular Communication of Water Carriage between the extensive Coal Mines, Iron Works,

Lime Works, and Founderies, in Shropshire, the great trading Counties of Worcester and Stafford, and the Western Parts of this Kingdom, to the great Advantage of Trade and Commerce, and will also be a Means of regulating and reducing

the

6 Geo. III. 6° Ap543

the Price of Freight on the said River, which will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Severe A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands

Navigation. an(j Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Severn, in the County of , and others, was

also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application hath been made to the House, for I cave to bring in a Bill, under a Pretence of improving the Navigation of the River Secern, by erecting Locks and Wears, and laying a Toll thereon, raising the Water, lowering the Bed of the River, or otherwise; and that the Petitioners being almost the only Proprietors and Occupiers of Land on the Banks of the said River, running through the said County of Worcester' (except 1’uch Proprietors as are Members of either House of Parliament) beg Leave to inform the House, that they are very apprehensive great Injury will ensue to their Property, if an Act is passed agreeable to such Petition, as it will be laying a burthensome Toll on a free River, and that by a Set of Men totally unconnected with the said County of Worcester; and that the Petitioners, as well from their own Knowledge, as from the Information of able and experienced Engineers and Surveyors, are fully allured that the intended Alterations, so far from answering the End proposed, will greatly injure the Navigation, much increase the Price of Coal, and other Merchandize carried upon the said River, and be productive of many ill Confluences to the Property and Trade of the said County, all which the Petitioners are able and willing to prove to the House, by very sufficient Evidence: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Confederation, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of those whole Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, being Commissioners under an Act of Parliament for supplying the City of Worcester, and Liberties thereof, with Water, and being also the principal Inhabitants of the said City, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That about the Year 1771, the City of Worcester obtained the above-mentioned Act, and in Consequence thereof have, at a very large Expence, erected an entire new Water-work adjoining the 'River Severn, One Mile above Worcester, from which, by means of Pipes conducting the Water to a Reservoir built in the City of Worcester, the said City is at present well supplied with Water, and secured in a great Degree from the alarming Consequences of Eire, by the Reservoir and Pipes being conliantly well felled, and the Water from them ealily procured; and that the Petitioners observe, with great Concern, that a BilEis now before the House, for erecting Locks and Wears on '-the said River Severn, and, in case the same passes into a Law', and Locks are erected at the Spots proposed, below the said Water-work, and near to the said City, such Water-w’ork will be rendered totally useless, and the City of Worcester deprived of the happy Effects they at present experience from the said Work: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Confederation; and that they may have Leave to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a

JjiW.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coal-brook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near , a Place called Digits, below the City of Worcesbe read a Second Time: Vol. 41.

And ther Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, againfe; the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

k

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol and House Salop Gaol, of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several *« Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the same, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of " Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County,

and for the other Purposes therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the same, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire " Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop, and the " 1 own of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the " other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. FeUawes reported from the Committee, to whom Upper Wal-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common J°P’

Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other iDC 0 ure* Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursboum Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that tire Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Yard Land and a Half, in the Parish of Wallop, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property in that Parish, interested in the Inclosure, con-fists of 53 Yard Lands 3 Quarters and 10 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bem/on presented to the House, according to Romford Order, a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and Workhouse* better regulating the Poor within the Parish of Romford, in the County of Ewer.’ And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pyereported from the Committee, to whom the Br»y

Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Incl°fur Fields, a Common Meadow, and Common Pafeure, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee

bad

Edinburgh Poor, Ire.

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

544 6° Apritis.

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examimed the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 3 Roods and Perches of Land, 'who declared herself neuter, and also, except the Proprietor of Acres and 16 Perches, who could not be found; and that the whole Properly intended to be indofed confjfts of 311 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Trees being planted within a certain Distance from the Road.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Awepdmente, be ingrqfled.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of , for themselves,

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as if appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cjerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of foe said Petition, James Hunter Blair, Esquire, being examiped, laid, That there is no regular Puna sufficient for the M4inten*nce of thp Poor within the said City, therefore it is necessary to establish a regular Fund, by a Tax on equal Principles, on all the Inhabitants, and to make further Regulations respecting the said Poor — That the Street at the booths is so nqrrow, as to be exceedingly inconvenient, and it will be necessary to widen, improve, and extend several of the Streets, and to purchase Houses and Ground for that Purpose; and also to purchase Property in the Barony of Broughton.,required for a Street from Brough-

ton Loan into Queen Street, and to extend the Royalty over the Purchases in the said Barony. — And he further said, That it is proposed to enlarge the Burying Ground within the said City, and to purchase certain Houses and Areas for that Purpose, on the West Side of The Grey-friars Church Yard.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets in the said City, for opening & Communication from Queen’s Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of BroughtonAnd that Sir Adam Fergusson and Mr. Henry Dundas do prepare, and bring in, foe fame.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society in Scotland, for propagating Christian Knowledge, was referred.

Sir Adam Fergusson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee bad directed the House to be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions, therein mentioned.

And Sir Adam Fergusson moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and laiely annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for foe Purposes, and under the Conditions, therein mentioned: And that Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Henry Dundas, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and briqg in, the lame.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of foe Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report foe fame, as it appeared to them, to foe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of foe said Petition, Mr. David Stephenson being examined, laid, That the Town of Newcastle is very large and populous, and a Place of great Relbrt; and that several of the Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, within the said Town and Liberties, are very narrow and inconvenient, and subject to many Nuisances and Annoyances — That several of foe Market Places are inconveniently situated, and are too small and insufficient for vending foe Goods, Victuals, and Merchandize exposed to Sale therein; and that it would be highly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to the Public in general, if the Petitioners were enabled, at the Expence of the said Corporation, to widen and enlarge the said Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and to make and open new Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, and proper Communications therewith, where it may be necessary or expedient; and also, from Time to Time (in Common Council assembled) to make and ordain Orders, Rules, and Regulations respecting the said public Markets, and for appointing proper and convenient Places for the Handing, loading, and unloading of Waggons, Carts,' and other Carriages, and for de-poflting Soil and Rubbish.

And the Witness added, That, for eflecting the above Purposes, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Houses, or Tenements, within the said Town, or the Liberties thereof. Then

Mr. Nathaniel Clayton, Town Clerk of Newcastle, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and foe Liberties thereof; for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Markets and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire: Aud that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr.

06 Brandling,

Newraiile upon Tyim Streets, Ire.

26 Geo. III. 6° Jpril 545

Brandling, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

rtftbury An ingrossed Bill for the Appointment of an additional veifcer. Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer. for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to The Lord Galway presented to the House, according

tnl^e Road *° Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ’ and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and‘widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston-Smi thy, to Kexby Bridge, and from -

ston-Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Harrington Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do make the Report Inclosure. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harcington, in the County of Worcester, was committed.

Sir John Rushout accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Eleven Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of Sixty Yard Lands and a Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Athtrftone Sir Robert Laxcley presented to the House, according inclosur*. to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Town-lliip of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge The House was moved, that the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, is committed. Vei. 41.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Naval Account of the Value of all such Malts, Yards, and Store* Bowsprits, as have been purchased for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, between the lit Day of January 1782 and the lft Day of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Quantities of Hemp, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into this Kingdom, between the ill Day of January 1772 and the lft Day of January 1786.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from £a(t India the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Office*, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A complete and perfect Lift of the Officers, Places, and Employments, as well Civil as Military, at the Settlement or Presidency of Fort Marlborough, in The East Indies, as in the Judgment of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, will be adequate to the Support, Safety, Defence, and Security thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Persons whole Names are there- Island of unto subscribed, Officers of His Majesty’s Navy: And St- Euftauus. also.

Another Petition of the Persons whole Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed. Officers of His Majesty’s Navy;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting foith. That the Petitioners perceive by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, from certain Persons, claiming a Share in the Distribution of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, for Leave to bring in a Bill to veil in Commissioners the Property captured at the said Island, and that such Commissioners may be impowered to call all Persons who shall appear to have any Part of the said Property in their Hands to a speedy Account, and for Payment of the Money in the Hands of the Agents into the Bank, to the End that a Dividend thereof may be made in due Time; and that the Petitioners were Officers in His Majesty’s Navy, and serving in the Fleet at the Capture of the said Island, and His Majesty having been pleased to relinquish, in Favour of the Captors, the Property captured (except as to certain Articles) the Petitioners thereby became entitled to a Share thereof, and apprehend that the obtaining an Act, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, will be the Means of giving Effect to His Majesty’s Gracious Intentions, and of expediting a Distribution of the captured Property:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Player of the said Petition, and that the same may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Land Tax a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an oner*

Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Laud " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

QZ "of

Shipping and Navigation*

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

Supply.

Net Produce of Taxes.

Public

Annuities.

Civil List Establifti-stunts, Ice.

546

6° Apri.

A. 1786.

of the Year Eighty-six.’'

One thousand Seven hundred and

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Account of the; Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christmas, 17^4 to the 5th of April 1785, and from Christmas 1785 to, the.5th of April 1786.

drawn out in Classes, and arranging, by Estimate, the Expence of each Clafe, and of each individual Office in each Ciafs, in the Manner directed by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon his Civil List Revenues, and " for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the " future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating " certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid " out of the Revenues of the Civil List."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws respecting Shipping and Navigation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws respecting the Greenland Whale FHhery.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrefc — His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give ^l^Ccat‘ Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Four and a Half per Cent. Duties paid out of His Majesty’s Leeward Islands for the last Three Years, with the'Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide* further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, " by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said " Revenues, and by Ibppressing or regulating certain " Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out " of the Revenues of the Civil Listand allb, by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of <e Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off u and discharge the Debts due and owing on the " Civil Lilt."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Arrears and Dehts due and owing upon the Civil List, upon the 5th Day. of January, One. thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Civil List particular Account of the Disbursements of the Civil 1784-5* Lift, for the Years 1784 and 1785, distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Hawker* tad last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant- 1>edlare*

" ing to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers,

" Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade," might he read.

And the same being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to repeal so much of the said Act as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade: And that Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second RtduSion of

___n!ii r n n \I

reading of the Bill for vetting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinglyj

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this' House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts of Parliament now in Fpccp, by, which Public. Annuities; for Lives or Terms of Yeans, have been granted, and' by which Duties or Texe* hwzbeen, imposed for paying such Annuities*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Plan of the Civil- Lift Establishments and Payments,

03

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Severn Second Reading of the Bill for improving the Naviga- Navigation, tion of the River Secern, from or near a Place called Meadow Wharf, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to the deep Water at or near a Place called Diglis, below the City of Worcester;

A Motion was made, and the-Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add at the End of the Question the Words " upon " this Day Three Months."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the> House, withdrawn.

Then the main-Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then

26 Geo. III. 6° — 70 547.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Secern, in the County of Worcester, and others; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Secern, in the County of Worcester, and others; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Secern, in the County of Worcester, and others; and also, the Petition of the Barge Owners navigating on the River Secern, and others residing in and near the Town of Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and also, the Petition of the Bowhallers, or Watermen, working on the River Severn, in navigating Vessels up and down, the said River; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds adjoining and lying near to the River Secern, in the County of Worcester, and others; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners under an Act of Parliament for supplying the City of Worcester, and Liberties thereof, with Water, and being also the principal Inhabitants of the said City, against the said Bill, were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was beard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Barge Owners navigating on the River Severn, and others residing in and near the Town of Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill lie adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of* the Clock.

Veneris7* Aprilis;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Praters.

Hoekliffr, A BILL to continue the Term of Two Acts, made

fcc. Road. f\. in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between in the County

erf Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Young, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, &c.: And they are to to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in' the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thringftone Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to

BritlgcCanal. Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thr'mgstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at

Barreto upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Limestone to the said Canal and Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcsoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coventry Sir Sampson Gideon presented to the House according.

CanaL to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and render-

Vol. 41.

ing effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Bradley Heath, in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Tichwell Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Inc olur®‘ Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. L 20. After " Land " to insert " and also " except the Owners of Common " Right Messuages or Tofts, in " respect only of such Messuages " or Tofts."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill to pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to NewMalton Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Chester, &c. tlfe Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Road*, pair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wildets-Pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in' thd Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were'

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Stourbridg* Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, Can*1' under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, which were severally presented to the House upon the 16th and 20th Days of March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, is committed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Nvwcaflte according to Order, a Bill for widening, enlarging, upon Tyne and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Streel*’ c*

Places,

Edinburgh Poor, &c.

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

Alton Abbott* Inclosure.

Tonbridge

Road.

Ditto.

Answer to Address.

Adjourn-

ment.

Public

Annuities.

548 70 Aprilis. A. 178

Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Pafr And the said Order being read accordingly;

lages, within the Town of’ Newcastle upon Tyne, and* The House resolved itself into the said Committee, the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing - Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Markets and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Carts, carrying Goods for Hire: Sid the same was Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

received; and read the First Time. had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Sir Adam Fergusson pretented to the House, according Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday to Order, a Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of Morning next, the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several

Streets in the said City, for opening a Communication The other Orders of the Day being read;

from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Militia,

the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing Broughton: And the same was received; and read the into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Maitland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

Mr. Powney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Galway reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, by which Public Annuities for Lives, or Terms of Years, have been granted, and by which Duties or Taxes have been imposed for paying such Annuities, be now read.

Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- EI«&ion* — ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights 0 "* of Votes at County Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- British ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p"5bot House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the er*‘ . British Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Loblters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery.

Resolved, That this House w ill, ,upon Monday Morning Newfound1, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lantl F"h-upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the enes* several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Land Ta* the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commis-Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of ‘t0D*rfc this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs Blackfmrs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was Brid8e* called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to build a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and to make Ways and Passages to and from the same, on each Side of the said- River; and, by another Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, they were impowered to complete the said Bridge, and the Avenues

thereto

Godstone

Hoad.

Bawtry Bridge, Ac. Roads.

16 Geo. III. 70 — 10'

thereto on the London Side of the said River; and that, by the said last mentioned Act, the Petitioners were impowered to embank a certain Part of the North Side of the said River, within the Limits therein described, and, for the Purpose of providing a Fund to defray the Expence of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge, they were also impowered to charge the Ground to be obtained by the said Embankment with certain Quit Rents to arise therefrom; and that the Petitioners have compleated the Works of the said Bridge, and also the said Embankment, as directed by the said Acts; and the Annual Funds arising from and under the Authority of the said Acts, applicable to (the Support and Maintenance of the said Bridge, as well as of the lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering thereof, which are productive, amount to no more than 175/. per Annum» which is quite inadequate thereto; but that a Toll on all Horses and Carriages passing over the said Bridge on a Sunday, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, enable them to defray the Annual Expence of lighting, w'atching, cleansing, watering, and keeping the Bridge in proper Repair; and that Passengers travelling on a Sunday through the other Avenues and Outlets leading from the Cities of London and Westminster, except Blackfriars Bridge, are liable to a particular and separate Toll for passing through the Turnpikes on that Day; and that, on Account of the unavoidable Delays incident to the necessary Forms and Mode of conducting the Business of the Corporation of the City of London, the Petitioners were not able to prepare, within the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills, the Estimates and Particulars requisite in Support of their Petition, and a Sufficient Fund for defraying the Annual Expence of lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and keeping in Repair, the said Bridge, for the Safety and Convenience of the Public, is necessary to be established as soon as possible: And therefore praying. That they may now have Leave to present a Petition to the House, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10* die Aprilis;

Anno 26* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1786. Prayers.

ABIL L to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year " of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from *' Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to in

the Parish of East Grins in the County of " Sussex," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to " Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North You41.

Aprilis. 549

Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford " Bridge, and from the great Road near Bishop Bridge " to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of " Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey Field to The " Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln," as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursboum Pryors, and Tuft on, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Walbp, Hursboum Pryors, and Tuft on, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow, and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow, and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbreok Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilders-Pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Town-

7 A ship

Upper Wallop, &c. Inclosure,

Bray

Incfofure.

Chatteris Ferry Roads.

Chester, &c. Roads.

Harrington

inclosure.

3

Heage, &e. Road.

Exporting

Wool.

James Deeping Stone Bridge Roads

550 10° Aprilis.

ship of Ashton, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilders-Pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Prodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41.1. 35. To leave out " Part of the Principal Money so to be borrowed as " aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for making, re^ pairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Stretton, in the same

County, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 9th Day of March last, and the 3d Day of this Instant April, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were, upon the 17th Day of March last, and the said 3d Day of this Instant April, severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Woollen Manu-fasturers of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the frequent Exportation of Wool by secret and illicit Mfeans, into Foreign Countries, has greatly injured the Track of this Kingdom in general, and of the said Town in particular which has been chiefly supported by the Woollen Mhnufastory, and on that Account his reduced many of the Inhabitants to great Distress:

And therefore praying the House to lake this same into their serious Consideration, and provide such Remedies, and afford such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for reviving continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South

A. 178

End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cecil,

Mr. Harrison, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Pcpys':

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Oxford to amend and render effectual Two Acts, of the Ninth ^an*1-and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of ;without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made India in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present A airs" Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Erich, &c. Tor dividing and inclosing. the several Commons and Inclosor*-Wafts Grounds, within the Manors of Erich and South-wingfield, in the County of Derby; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Regulating Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an A "n-Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company.

And the said Amendments were read; and are ed followeth; viz.

After " least" insert " in the whole " residentin India."

After " Service" leave out " in India,"

After " this " insert " or in any " former."

Leave out from " Execution" to " And" in Pr. 11. 1. 8.

After " the" leave out " Sicknes " Absence."

After " Presidency" insert " or his u Deputy for the Time being."

After " Governor" insert " or President."

After " Person" leave out " in the."

Leave out " Company’s Service in " India," and in the same Line, after " shall " insert " for the " future."

After " capable of" leave out " holding at the fame."

Leave out " Time," and insert " taking " in the Civil Line of the Company's Service."

After " Employments" insert " the " joint Amount of the," and in the same Line leave out " whose."

After " Emoluments" insert " of " which."

1. 12. After " Annual,*’ interlined in the Bill, leave out " Amount of."

Leave out " the"

After " Emoluments" leave out to (< Regulations," in line 19, and insert " respectively prescribed in " the."

Pr. 15.

Pr. 3. 1. 5.

1. 7-

Pr. 6. 1.19.

Pr. 9. 1. 37,

Pr. 12. 1. 6

Pr. 13. 1. 6.

1. 8.

Pr. 15. 1.

1.

6.

7-

1. 8.

1. 9.

1.10.

1.11.

1.13*

1. 13-& 14-

26 Ge<x III. 10° Aprilis.551

Pf. 15. 1.10. After u Restrictions" leave out " of " this."

1. 26. Leave out " Act," and infer! " be- . - " fore mentioned."

Pr. tfr. 1. 33. After " Presidencies" insert "aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severalty read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Erich, Ac. t . The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Indofor*. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Chmmons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Crick and Sdutkmngfield, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed);

Pr. 20. 1. 9. After " Aft" insert " Provided " always, That no Exchange of " any Land, Hoofe, Bam, or " Building, shall be made under " this Act, by the Vicars of Crick . " and aforesaid,

" without the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of " Litchfield and Coventry for the " Time being."

1. 10. Leave out " always," and insert

" also."

Pn 29. I.25. After " only" insert " other than " and except the Vicars of Crick " and Southwingfeld aforesaid for "the Time being."

Pr. 33. 1. 9. After " only" insert other than " and except the Vicars of Erich " and aforesaid for the Time being."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Newfound* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House landFifheries. jq rejf0]Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, lor a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Vol. 41.

Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuf* ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better Romford regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the w°Ahoofe. County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benyon,

Mr. Gascoyne, Scc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ill of January 1786 to the ill of January 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of John, in America, from the ill of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Amount of " the Sum necessary to discharge a Demand due to the " Representatives of John Ellis, Esquire, deceased,

" late Agent for the Province of West Florida, being " the Surplusage of his Account between the 24th of June " 1772 and the 24th of June 1776," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Blands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the lft of January 1786 to the lft of January 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Juliice of The Bermuda, or Somer's,

" from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787," be referred , to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, from the 24th of June 1786 to the 24th of June 1787, be referred , to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftirqate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of several Battalions of Foot, for the respective Times therein mentioned, in the Years 1784, 1785, and 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuxned the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

y

Public

Annuities.

552 10'

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, by which Public Annuities for Lives, or Terms of Years, have been granted, and by which Duties or Taxes have been imposed for paying such Annuities, the Reiblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all and every the Duties, Taxes, and Impositions

f anted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in orce, and appropriated to the Payment of any Public. Annuities for Lives or Years, which Duties are to cease and determine on the Expiration of the Term of the said Annuities, be further continued, and made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Expiration of the Term for which any Public Annuities for Lives or Years are now payable, by virtue of any Act or Abb of Parliament, the Annual Sums appropriated to the Payment of the said Annuities shall respectively be veiled in Commissioners, to be by them applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt.

The said Resolution9 being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, is committed; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Reiblutions.

Hawkers and Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Pedlars. Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, " Pedlare, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

East India Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com-. Affairs. pany do lay before this, House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hastings to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 17th of January 1785, relative to his giving up and cancelling certain Bonds and Notes previous to his Resignation of the Government of Bengal.

East India Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pa-Papers t« be pers, contained in N* 3, which was presented to the printed. House upon the 13th Day of March last, by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies (except those in the said Number already ordered to be printed) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Greenland The House being informed that Mr. Jan'att, Sur-and Southern veyor for the Act of Navigation in the Port of London, Fisheries. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Aprilis*

A. 178

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Great Britain for the Greenland Whale Fishery, from the Commencement of the Bounty in the Year 1733 to the present Time; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whence they were fitted out: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Great Britain for the Southern Whale Fishery, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing the Places from whence they were fitted out: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been fitted out from several Ports in Great Britain on the Greenland Whale Fishery, with their Tonnage, in ths present Year 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy Debt Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1785.

Mr. Brett also, from the Commissioners for executing African the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Fort*, fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of the 13th of December 1785: And also,

N° 2. Report of the Fort at Diacovc, the 22d of December 1785: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of British Succundee Fort, in September 1785: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, the 23th of December 1785: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, the 16th of January 1786: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Armamaboe Fort, the 6th of January 1786: And also,

N° 7. Report of the Fort at Tantumquerry, the 10th of January 1786: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of JVamebali Fort, the 1 ith of January 1786: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, and of Vernon's Fort, Prampram, the 13 th of January 1786: And also,

N° 10. A short Account of the State and Condition' of Apollonia, independent of that given by the Committee’s Servants, by Edward Thompson: And also,

N° 11. A short Account of the State and Condition of Dixcove, independent, of that given by the Committee’s Servants, by Edward Thompson: And also,

N° 12. A short Account of the State and Condition of Succundee, independent of that given by the Committee’s Servants, by Edward Thompson: And also,

N° 13. A short Account of the State and Condition of Commenda, independent of that given by the Committee’s Servants, by Edward Thompson.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Title of the said Estimate, and the said Schedule, were read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

Geo. III. 10° Aprilis. 555

Navy Debt.

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 7th February 178 6.J mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1785.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, See. Applied for the Service thereof -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1785, as also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establish-ment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1785 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c....

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1785 For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office The Total amounts to the Sum of Two Million Five hundred and Thirty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence -From thence deducting the Money in' the Treasurer’s Hands - - las on the

And also the Money that remained to [ Other side, come of the Supplies -

The Debt of the Navy will then be One Million Seven hundred and Twelve thousand Four hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds, Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny -

JY. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1785 ....

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, which is alfe included in this Debt, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Convicts, between ift January and 31st December 1785, is

I- - d-

517,273 8 4

131,623 5 11 V, 158,695

11 2,o42 7 4

718,532 >6 *

543,o73 18 8 14,201 13 u J

30,01

6 3 3

190,448 4 6

10,983 *3 6 37,463 J3 —

8,3°°

273,79

6 9

551,478 13 101

L

78,429 ?3 2

11,910 18 4

90,34°

11 6

£. s. d.

919,634 1 7

1,275,808 8 8

277,211 14 3

65,110 12 11

2,537,764 17 5

825,275 3 —

1,712,489 14 4*

Vol. 41.

7 B

Mem*":

g

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

M125

1*3

Merrt"; — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1785, in Money, as undermentioned, and maybe reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what Treasurer’g Hands.

Right honourable Welfare Ellis -

Right honourable Isaac Barre -

Right honourable Henry Dundas (1)

Right honourable Charles Townshend -

Right honourable Henry Dundas (2)

IN MONEY.

1 In Money /D* toward

1 In Money

JD-

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

"I In Money -

/ D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

1 In Money -

/D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

In Money - _ -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

On the Heads of

r Wear and Tsar, Ordinary, and TransporU. Seamens Wages. A Viftttals. TOTAL.

j^s dm £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d.

5,387 19 7 12,923 1,750 3 7* 2 1,707 2 2 - 21,768 5 H

3,289 9 10 16,985 13 14 17 3* 9 470 9 8f| 20,760 10 6*

3,602 11 nf 8,023 6 11 4 74- 9 1 M Ox pa 1 <0 1 - 12,383 17 8*

3*145 2 6f 15,505 162 8 16 7l 5 646 15 4t| - 19,460 2 ni

76,930 1 nf 105,549 7,49i 12 9 2* 5 9,452 8 10 J 199,423 12 4*

92,355 5 io* 00 p* 17 104- 13,028 5 4| - 273,796 9 1*

o

9

There remained, on the 31st December 1785, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1785

iC-55M78- 13- lot

Meat*: — The Debt of the Navy, between the lft January and 31st December 1785, has been reduced by the Sum of £9,327,214. 6. 1. being the Amount of Navy, Transport, and Victualling Bills, subscribed into 5 per Cent. Bank Annuities, Anno 1785.

Chat Middkton. Edw‘ Hunt. J. Hem low. Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogers. W. Palmer. W* Campbell.

Imprisonment bjr Courts of Conscience.

Militia.

Reduction of

National

Debt.

Public

Annuitants.

Seamen.

26 Geo. III. 10* Aprilis.

555

Ordered, That the said Eftkoate and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors " committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts " of Confidence in London, M, and the Borough

" of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court,

" and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to " Gaolers or others on Account of such Imprisonment,’* to all Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Btd-ler, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty’s

Vol. 41.

Ships of War when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service, whenever they shall be duly called forth: And that Mr. Pulteney, and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Scotch Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Jud6e:i-Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Farmers Manufacturers, and others, Dulies on Inhabitants within the West Riding of the County of Horses. York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are small Farmers or Manufacturers, principally employed in or about manufacturing of English Wool; and the fame, whether considered in its raw or manufactured State, is of great Weight, and too heavy to be carried to the Fulling Mills, and other

Places, for manufacturing the fame, or, when manufactured, to be conveyed to the Market Towns (from whence the Petitioners are, in general, several Miles did ant) where the same are disposed of, without the Help of Carriages or Horses, and the Petitioners are therefore under the Necessity of keeping a Horse purposely for carrying such Burthens, and also to lead and carry the Coals and other Fuel consumed by the Petitioners; and that by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Duty of Ten Shillings was laid on every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding, and the said Duty was charged and assessed upon the Petitioners, a great Number of whom appealed against the said Assessment to the Commissioners appointed for carrying the same into Execution, inasmuch as the Petitioners never having rode or permitted to be rode, any Horse by them kept, unless when upon Business respecting their Farms, or going to, or returning from, buying the Materials of their Trade, or when going to fetch, or returning from carrying, the same to the dillant poor Persons employed in spinning or manufacturing such Materials, or when going to fetch, or returning from carrying, their Goods to the Alill, or other Places, where the same are scribbled or wrought, or attending the Markets with, or felling the lame, or upon extreme Ne-ceflity, occasioned by Sickness or Indisposition of themselves or Families, the Petitioners apprehend that Horses so kept and used were not the Objects intended by the Legislature to be taxed, but, the said Tax was confirmed upon the Petitioners, to the great Distress and Oppression of themselves and Families, and to the particular Discouragement of those who are employed in the said Woollen Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant that Persons who shall keep Horses which shall be rode only upon the before-mentioned Occasions, may be exempt from the said Tax or Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

Taxes for

KxciiVOtfice.

Taxes for Stamp Office.

Somerset

house.

Admiralty

Office.

Army 1 Savings.

American

Suiferers.

Claims

decided.

Exchequer

liilis*

Duties on Post Horses, fee.

Ditto.

Scotland — Court of Session Stock.

556 10° — ii° A. 178

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums retained in the Office of Excise, an Account of any Taxes transferred from that Office, in order to answer any Demands which might be made on Account of any Payments of the same Taxes to the present Collectors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the several Sums retained in the Stamp-Office, on Account of any Taxes transferred from that Office, in order to anl'wer any Demands which might be made on Account of any Payments of the same Taxes to the present Collectors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the further Total Expence of completing the Buildings at Somerset House, with the Offices, Furniture, and other Things belonging thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Total Charge of completing any Houses or Buildings begun, or intended to be built, at the Expence of the Public, near the Office of Admiralty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums which arose and were applicable to the Service of the Public, under the Head of Army Savings, in the Years 1704, 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, 1770, and 1771, stating the Amount in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid out of the Civil List in the Year 1785, for the Relief of American Sufferers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of such Claims already decided on by the Commissioners appointed to settle the fame, and by them delivered to the Lords of the Treasury, stating the Proportion which such Amount bears to the Total Amount of the like Claims now under Investigation.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money " by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five," and the Times of issuing such Bills respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, Stage Coaches, and Diligences, from August 1783 to August 1784, and from August 1784, to August

1785, distinguishing the same into Half Years, as taken from the Accounts Current of the Collectors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, Stage Coaches, and Diligences, for the Six Months, commencing August 1785, as far as the same can be made up, together with an Estimate of waht Sums may be probably contained in the Accounts not yet received.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums now remaining in the Hands of the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, called " The Stock of the Court," with an Account of the Charges thereupon: And also.

An Abstract or Account of the Fees and Perquisites received by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Scotiatia.

And the Tides of the said Account and Abstract

were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Abstract are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fort- Elediom — night, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself County into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Lobsters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fish used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except for the Use of British Subjectsin the Cod Fishery.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the Land Tax whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Com- Comm", missioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 11° die

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

ABI L L for widening, enlarging, and cleansing Newcastle . the Streets, Lanes and other public Places, and upon Tyne for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, with- Streets, &c. in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the public Markets and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carryings Goods for Hire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bawtry of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of ®nd8* &c* the Reign of His present Majesty King George the acts* Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County " of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North Willingham, to the North End " of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langtori, and from

" West Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the great " Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common,

" and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth, and

" from

26 Geo. III. na Aprilis. 557

" from Haxey Field to the Trent at Kimald in

xi the said County of as relates to the First

and Second Districts of Roads therein del'cribed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bau'try Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to

" Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North " Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Devthorpe and Langton and from West Raisin to

" Pilford Bridge, and from the great Road near " Bridge to Bishop N Common, and from the " Hamlet of Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey Field " to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of " Lincoln," as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Caua"^ A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering effec-

J ’ tual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Wilmot,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sudbury A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur-

Magistrate*. gefies, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Charter, granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, the Body Corporate of the said Borough consists of a Mayor, Six Aldermen, and Twenty-four Capital Burgesses, but only Two can aft as Justices of the Peace, namely, the Mayor for the Time being, and the Mayor of the preceding Year, which last, by the Charter, is also appointed His Majesty’s Coroner for the said Borough, for the Space of One Year, and that Power is given, in case of the Mayor's Death or Removal from the Town, to elect one other of the Aldermen to be Mayor for the Remainder of the Year, but, in case of the Death or Removal of the Justice and Coroner, no Power is given by the said Charter, to elect another Person in his Room, so that, in the last Event, the said Borough may be reduced to One Magistrate only, which, in Cafes where by Law Two are required to act, may be an Obstruction to public Justice, and of great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, who carry on a very large and extensive Trade in the Woollen Manufactory j and that, by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and rendering more " effectual the several Laws now in being for the more " effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons " employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the " 'Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur,

" Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures, and " also lor making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers," it is enacted, That no Person or Persons employed to prepare or work up any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, or Silk Manufactures, w ho shall be charged with purloining, embezzling, secreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully dif-pofir.g of nny of the Materials with which he, she, or they shall be respectively intruded, shall be liable to be convicted, unless before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Vol. 41.

Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and that Mr. Edmund Piper, the late Mayor, and now Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, is a very extensive Manufacturer, and having, on the 18th Day of March last, had feme of his Property embezzled, cannot bring the Offender to Justice, as in such same he inuft aft in the double Capacity of Accuser and Judge, by Reason whereof the Offender cannot be brought to that Punishment which the Law prescribes; and that, by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, a Corporation to continue for ever is established, with Power to proportion, rate, and assess, Weekly or Monthly, Sums of Money for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, but no such Rates can be collected without the Warrant of Two Justices for the said Borough; and, in case of the Death or Removal of the said Justice and Coroner, it is manifest that, among many other Inconveniencies, no Pauper, becoming chargeable, can be removed to the Place of his or her legal Settlement, no Licences can be granted to any Innkeeper, no Sessions can be held for the said Borough, nor any Inquisition taken on the View of the Body of any Person who may come to an untimely Death; and that the above-mentioned Embezzlement of Mr. Edmund Pipers Effects happened so recently, that the Petitioners could not make Application to the House in the regular Course of Time appointed for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to remedy the Defects of the Charter, and to make additional Magistrates in and for the Borough of Sudbury, the Petitioners apprehending that an Application to the Lord High Chancellor, to make new Justices under the Great Seal, would not reach the Whole of their Cafe, inasmuch as a Coroner cannot be made under a Commission of the Peace.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances fot forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Then a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to supply the Defects of the Charter, and to make additional Magistrates in and for the said Borough, and a Coroner, with due Powers to discharge the Duties of that Office, when and as often as Occasion shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Langston, Mr. William Smith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and York to enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Filth Kexby Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Bnd8e Road‘ ing and widening the Road, from the City of York, by Grimston-Smithy to Kexby Bridge, and from Grim-ston-Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upjier End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Gakcay, Mr. WilberJ'orce, &c.: And they are to meet

7 C this

T?ifhopp*s

fcftate.

Chatteris Ferry Roads.

Barking Work house.

The Clink Paving, &c.

Hemp, Ac, imported.

11° Aprilis. A. 178(5.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Yorkc reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the* Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorhe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Petersin the I lie of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Clink, or Bishop of Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and Preventing of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying-Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saviour aforesaid; and also Foul Lane, leading from the High Street in the said Borough, towards the said Parish Church and the Public Market, and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, in the said LII>erty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp Rough, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into this Kingdom, from the 5th of January 1772 to the 5th of January 1786; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, n«w Mahon passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Road, jesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Margate Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to liceufe Playlwufe. a Play house within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Me of Thanet, in the County of Kent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. James Luttrell, Sir Charles Preston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a F.aft ir.ciia Letter from Mr. Vansittart to the East India Directors, Affairs, dated 13th April 1781, relative to Mr. Hastings's Resignation.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Greenland the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended an(i Southern at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Fishenei* fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Bounties paid in Scotland on the Greenland Whale Fishery, from the Time of their first being granted; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Scotland for the Greenland Whale Fishery, from the Commencement of the Bounty in the Year 1733 to the present Time; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whence they were fitted out: And also,

An Account of the Bounties which have been paid to the Vessels fitted out for the Southern Whale Fishery, under the Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and under another Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, fitted out in Scotland, for the Southern Whale Fishery, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas' 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whence they were fitted out: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships now fitting out in the several Ports of Scotland, for the Greenland and Southern Whale Fishery, with the Tonnage of the Vessels so-fitting out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Scotland — Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Rum '-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Pyrle<kSp!"t* the House, pursuant to their Orders, eue ' c'

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum into and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Year ending at Christmas 178s, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

Ao

Ml

Geo. III. 110 Aprilis. 559

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign and Spirits seized and condemned since passing the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, and the Disposal of such Spirits, from lft November 1784 to 5th January 1786: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Wash, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, from the Commencement of that Duty to as late a Period as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

MetMoy The Lord Delaval reported from the Committee, to

luclosure. whom thp Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 390 Acres 3 Roods and 13 Perches of Land, and the Owners of Five Cottages having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 2,922 Acres and 1 o Perches, and 35 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Royal Assent to Bills.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers. *

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal w’as read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbwy, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Privy Seal, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed!, viz.

An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the better Vol. 41.

Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the India Company:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, North-bourne, Great Mongeham, Little stone, Betshanger, Ham, and in the County of

Kent:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon:

An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and -

hithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to amend and render effectual Two Acts, of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford:

An Act to continue and render more effectual so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Parishes of Hot'smonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent:

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent:

An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or near thereto:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchet, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for enlarging the Tern! and Powers of aq Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present

Methley

Inclosure.

N. Shields Waterworks.

560 11 0 AvriliA. 1786.

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing " and wideuing the Road from Great Haven,

" at or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to " Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The " ATill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of " Lincoln:"

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and also of Two Acts, made, one in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Geoi'ge the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the Parishes of Narberth and Robestone Wathan, in the County of Pembroke:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and alloting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Wsst Pennard, in the County of Somerset:

An Act to enable George Tasburgh, Esquire (lately called George Crathome) and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh, Esquire, deceased.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of York, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Armstrong, John Rippon, William Watson, and William Taylor, all of North Shields, in the County of Nrthumbcrland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Blenkinsop being examined, said, That the Town of North Shields is very ill supplied with Water, to the great Inconvenience of its Inhabitants, who are put to a great Expence for the Water they at present procure. — And he further said, That a Plan has been formed for supplying the said Town with good fresh Water, frotn Springs within a finall Distance thereof.

Mr. Charles Ryder, who was Purserof the Queen Anne Ship, Rationed off Shields during the last War, being examined, said. That for Want of a Supply of good fresh Water, the Shipping resorting to the Harbour experienced much Inconvenience.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying with Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping resorting to the Harbour of the said Totvn: And that Sir Alattliew White Ridley, Lord Algernon Percy, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships " shall be answerable for the Acts of the Matters or " Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, asdefired by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, on the 15th Day of March last, several Buildings in James Street, adjoining to the Top of Great Suffolk Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, were entirely consumed by Fire; and that, since the Time of the said Fire, several Meetings of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster have been held, to take into Consideration the Advantage that would arise from opening a Carriage Way from the Top of Great Suffolk Street into James Street aforesaid, and it has been determined to apply to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for opening such Carriage Way, and a Petition hath been prepared and ligned for that Purpose, but, the Petitioners find, the Time limited by the House for presenting Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed; and that, unless an Act can be obtained in the present Session for opening such Carriage Way as aforesaid, feme Part of the Ground which became vacant by the late Fire, and which will be necessary to be purchased for the Purpose of making the said Carriage Way, may be again built upon before the next Session, which would occasion a very considerable Increase to the Expence of making such Carriage Way, in case it should be ' thought proper to be made: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to present a Petition to the House, for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Then a Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That frequent 02 Interruptions

Ship Owners and Malteik

Dlnelifrun

lijidge.

Great Suffolk Street, YVtll-lui nfter.

Accounts to be printed.

Edinburgh Poor, &c.

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

East India Papers to 1 printed.

Supply.

0.6 Geo. III. 11° Aprilis

Interruptions and Accidents happen to Carriages in passing along the Iluymurket on Market Days; and that, if a proper Opening was made at the Top of Great Suffolk Street, Carriages might pass, at all Times, from the City of Westminster to Coventry Street, and several

oilier Parts of the Liberty of Westminster, without being subject to the Delays and the Accidents they are liable to in passing up the and that an

Opening for Carriages at the Top of Great Suffolk Street might be made, there being now only Two Houses, the Part of another already much damaged by Fire, and a finall Piece of Ground, needfary to be purchased for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making such Carriage Way as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all British Grain and Corn exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1771, and from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1785, distinguishing each Year, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant April, by Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets in the said City, for opening a Communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of Broughton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in , to pay

a certain Sum to the Society in Scotlaiul lor propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers contained in N" 1 and 2, which were presented to the House upon the 13th Day of March last, by Mr. Morion, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies (except those in the said Numbers already ordered to be printed) be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Yot. 41.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House- which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred Seventy-seven Pounds and Eight Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of several Battalions of Foot, for several Periods, during the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four and One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of F0U1* Companies of Foot, from the Twenty-fifth Day of Mdrch One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days ihclusive, being Two hundred and Seventy-five Hays.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge a Demand due to the Representatives of John Ellis, Esquire, deceased, late Agent for the Province of West. Florida, being the Surplufiage of his Account between the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to support the Civil Establishuient of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers, out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of The Bermudas, or Somers Islands, from the Twenty-fourth

7 D Day

Sheffield

Vicarage.

Atherftoue

inclosure.

Cor.viction for Felonies.

Loyal ifts Claims.

Elections —

County

Voters.

5 62 xi* AprilisiA- 1786.

Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-leven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighly-seven.

The laid Kelblutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Wilberfarcereported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parllh and Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate, belonging to the said Vicarage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waite Woodlands, in the Township of Athcrsione, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

force. Sir Robert Lawley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Persons convicted of Felonies on the several Circuits of England and Wales, in the present Year 178b, and at the several Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held at the Old Bailey; specifying their several Offences, and the Sen- tences passed on l'uch Felons respectively, and which of them, being capitally convicted, have been executed, reprieved, or pardoned, and in what Manner such of them as were sentenced to be transported have been fiuce dil'posed of.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the whole Claims given in by the Loyalists to the Commissioners appointed to examine the said Claims; and an Account of the Amount of the Claims which have been heard, and already liquidated; and an Account of the Sum at which the said Claims are liquidated; and also, an Account of the Amount of the Claims not yet heard and liquidated.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant April, upon the Bill for the better feeuring the Rights of Voters at County Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House skipping and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navigation, take into Consideration the Laws respecting Shipping and Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker' left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And that Mr. Mr.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Manifesto. regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-, landing of Goods: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Int'erect (in McthWy Right of His Duchy of Lancaster) is concerned in the inclosuro- Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York, which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Marquis of Graham, according to Order, re- Scotch ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Judges, whom it was referred to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise, from Time to Time, from any of the Duties and Revenues in that 04 Part

6 GeO, III. n° Aprilis. 563

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, the several Salaries following to the Judges after mentioned: That is to say, to the Lord President of the Court of Session, for the Time being, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the Time being, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; to each of the ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, for the Time being, the Sum of One thousand Pounds; to each of the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, the like Sum of One thousand Pounds; to the Lord Justice Clerk, for the Time being, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds; and to each of the ordinary Judges of Justiciary, for the Time being, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, in Place of the Salaries and Allowances which they at present have, and of the Interest of a Sum of Money at present in the Hands of the Judges of the Court of Session, called " The Stock of the Court," which Sum ought to be paid into the Exchequer; but excepting always any additional Sum in Use to be granted by Warrant from His Majesty to One of the Puisne Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, when appointed to that Office from the Bar of England', and excepting also any Sums of Money that are in Use to be issued for maintaining the Judges of the Court of Justiciary upon their Circuits, which shall continue to be paid as formerly, over and above the said Salaries.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be issued and paid to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, for the Time being, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise, from Time to Time, from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of the Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty,-her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds as a Salary, in lieu of all Sentence Money, Fees, and Perquisites heretofore in Use to be paid to, or exacted by or for, the Judge of the said Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be ifl'ued and paid to each of the Judges of the Commissary Court of , for the

Time being, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise, from Time to Time, from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of the Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum of One hundred Pounds as a Salary in lieu of all Sentence Money heretofore in Use to be paid to, or exacted by, the Judges of the said Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of replacing to the Revenue afiling out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sums hereby granted towards the Augmentation of the said Salaries, there be laid upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Deposition taken in any Vol. 41.

Cause before the Court of Session, or Commissioni of Tythes, or High Court of Admiralty or Commissary Court of Edinburgh, a Stamp Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, for the same Purpose, there shall be laid upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Deposition taken in any Civil Cause, where the Sum or Subject libelled for shall exceed Twelve Pounds Sterling, before any Sheriff, or Stewart Court, Inferior Admiralty, or Commissary Court, or Town Court of any City, or Royal Burgh in Scotland, a Stamp Duty of Six Pence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the Marquis of,

the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Henry Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for paying into His Majesty s Exchequer the Sums at present in the Hands of the Judges of the Court of Session, called " The Stock of the Court."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for regulating the Jurisdiction

% n p #

of the Court of Admiralty, and for punishing Persons destroying Ships.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Seamen, Order, a Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty’s Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service, whenever they shall be duly called forth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Militia, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plenfe to receive the lame,

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

Mr. Neville accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Three Weeks, the Fourth Day of May next*

Ordered, That stich a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered

toritifti

Toibot

Fishery.

Land Tax Commr*.

fcibraltar

Prizes.

Severn

Navigation.

564

11° — 12° Aprilis.

A. 1786.

Ordered, That the Grder of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the British Turbot Fishery, and for securing a Preference to British Subjects in the Importation of Lobsters, and for prohibiting, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of certain Sorts of Fife used as Bait in the catching of Cod, except f6r the Use of British Subjects in the Cod Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whem the Bill for appointing Commissioners for potting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great " tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-six," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain* amend, and render more ef> feftoal, an Act* made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to " pay to the Garrifcn and Naval Department at " raltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish " Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers ana Men " on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, " taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the " Enemy."

Resolved That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the Twenty-fifth Day of this lnstant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counlei upon the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Meadow Whaif, in Coalbrook Dale, in the County of Salop,

to the Deep Water at or near a Place called Digits, below the City of Worcester.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill examined several other Witnfeflbs in Support of the Petitions against the said Bill, and went through their Evidence.

Then One of the Counsel for the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw*

Ordered That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be ad$ouroed till this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornidg, Ten Of the Clock.

Mercurn, 12* die Anno 26* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1786.

Pratehs.

THE House was moved, That the Report which, Loueh-upon the 13th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several c Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradcfinen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigation from the Junction of the River Soar with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Gar rent on, to the Mouth of the River Wreak, and from thence in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mmvbray, in the County of Leicester: And that Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. and Mr.

Pochin, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- East India pies or Duplicates of the several Minutes of the Ho- Aff*ir* nourable Charles Stuart, John Macpherson, Esquire, and John Stables, Esquire, recorded in the Revenue Confutations of Fort William, of May, June, and July 1785, on the Subject of a Plan proposed by the Honourable Charles Stuart, for the Collection and Controul of the Revenue.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Alton Waste Lands, within the Manor of Aston, otherwise Abbott* Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop, was read a hidofui*. Second TitnC.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darnel Pulteney, Mr. Mairrwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Woollen Manu- Exporting fecturers of the City and County of Exon, and Places Wool, adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Bo- Ditto, rough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, and the Merchants and Woollen Manufacturers and principal Inhabitants of the same Borough, and Places adjacent:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Ditto, principal Inhabitants, and Woollen Manufacturers of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of Cornwall:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the illicit Exportation of British Wool, byfecret and subtle Means, from England into Foreign Countries, has of late increased to an alarming Degree, to the great Injury of this Kingdom in general, and of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying the House to take the important Subject into Consideration, and enact such Laws as to them shall seem meet, to supply die Defects of the present Statutes, lb that the fullest and best Use may be made of this Native Commodity, on which the Value of Lands, and the Trade of the Nation do chiefly depend.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an stamfgate

Account Harbour.

Edinburgh Four, &c.

16 Geq. III. 12° Aprilis.

Account of the Sums of Money collected for the Maintenance of Ramsgate Harbour, from the lft Day of January 1780 until the 31st Day of December 1784, both Years inclusive; and also, an Account of the Number of Vessels entered Inwards and Outwards to and from the Port of Ramsgate, for the above Period.

A Petition of John Ramsay, Esquire, an Infant, by his Guardians, Sir John Lindsay, Knight of the Order of the Bath, Alexander Murray, Esquire, of Henderland,

One of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland, and also, of Janet and Katherine Ramsay, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill hath been brought into the House for raising a Fund for Support of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, and other Purposes, and for granting certain Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for carrying the said Act into Execution; and that, amongst other Things contained in the said Bill, it is enacted, that so soon as a new Prison,

Sfc. shall be begun to be built, the Lord Provost and Magistrates shall have Power to agree with the Occupiers and Owners of Houses (iluated upon the Street, known by the Name of The Luckenbooths, and to purchase the Premisses, and order them to be pulled down; and by an after Clause, to which the Attention of the House is more particularly prayed, it is proposed, that Powers shall be given to certain Persons therein mentioned, to take from private Parties, without their Consent, and against their Will, and to divest them of their Properties and Estates, lying vSithin the Boundaries therein described, and to pay them only such Value for the same as shall be fixed thereon by a Jury, composed of Persons therein described, many of whom may themselves be liable to pay such Value; and that the Petitioner John Ramsay is Proprietor of a Shop in the said Street, called The Luckenbooths, which is at present, and for many Years has been, let at 61 /. per Annum, and is enjoyed in Life-rent by the other Petitioners,

Janet and Katherine Ramsay, and if the said Bill shall be passed into a Law, the above Shop mult, in Prosecution thereof, be demolished, and the Proprietor and others having Interest therein will thereby be obliged either to yield up their Property and Interests on such Terms as the Lord Provost and Magistrates of Edinburgh shall propose, or to have it brought into Contest before a Jury of Citizens, perhaps bound in Part to make good the Price, and perhaps of Builders to be benefited by the Demolition, and to receive such Value as a Jury shall in their Award dictate; and that the other Petitioners, as Guardians to the said John Ramsay, conceive themselves bound in Duty, during his Absence and Minority, to state their Reasons why such Part of the said Bill as may divest their Ward of his Property, without his or their Consent, ought not to

be passed into an Act:. Mr. Rams Property is, at

present, l'ubjeft to no Attaint, liable to no Challenge, nor called in Question by any Suit, and the taking it from him, without his or Guardians Consent, impeaches, upon the first Principles which regulate Property, upon the Power of holding or disposing without Controul, nor can it be justified by any Form of Proceeding) however apparently fair, nor by any Principle of Expedience, except what may be founded on public and ablblute Necessity, and none such takes place in the present Cafe, nor is any such stated as the Principle of the Bill; that the Benefit of the Citizens of Edinburgh, and the Ornament of the City, may be laudable Motives, but they are not so grounded in this Instance on urgent Necessity, as to justify a Violation of Property, and though it be proposed that the Value should be settled by a Jury, the Petitioners aver, that from what they have yet been able to learn of the Proceedings of such Juries, under the lat Act of Parliament re-Vol.-41.

5<Sg

spefting the new Bridge in the City of,

they do not hold themselves at Liberty to trust their Wards Property to such Decision; and that opposing this Part of the Bill upon solid Principles which the

House can never violate, and will never get over, but in Cafes of most urgent Necessity, the Petitioners deem it unnecessary further to justily their Opposition, or to profels their Defife, so far as consistent with their Duty, to promote every Scheme which may tend to the Benefit of the Citizens of Edinburgh, or the Ornament of the City, for these Objects, great as they are, ought only to be aimed at with Safety to Individuals, and in Confidence with the Rights of private Property:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill, lb far as herein complained of, may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of the Society of Writers to His Majesty’s Edinburgh Signet, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, &c* was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are One of the component Bodies of the College of Justice in Scotland, and as such have, for Centuries past, been in the uniform and uninterrupted Enjoyment of the Right and Privilege of Exemption from all Taxes, Contributions, and other extraordinary Charges payable to the City of Edinburgh, or exigible from the Inhabitants of the fame, and particularly from Poors Rates; and that this honourable Distinction is enjoyed in virtue of sundry Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, and since the Year 1687, when the Privileges of the College of Justice were confirmed by a Decree of the Supreme Civil Court in Scothas never been called in Question, and these Privileges were also specially saved and preserved by the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, and have since been recognized by British Statutes; and that the Petitioners are informed that the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh have applied to the House in the View of obtaining an Act of Parliament, imposing a Poor’s Rate upon all the Inhabitants of that City without Distinction, but the Petitioners apprehend that sufficient Provision for the Poor has been already made by the Statutes heretofore passed in that Behalf; and that, the Petitioners have a separate and particular Interest to oppose the said Bill, in respect that by making no Distinction between them and the other Inhabitants of Edinburgh, it has a direct Tendency to infringe their special Privileges which they have lb long enjoyed: And therefore praying, That the House will allow them to be heard, by themselves or by their Counsel, against the said Bill for imposing a Poor’s Rate upon the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh.

A Petition of the Dean and Faculty of Advocates in DUt0. that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and further Setting forth, That the Bill now proposed to be brought in, if passed into a Law, will introduce very great and unnecessary Burthens upon the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh in general: And therefore praying, That the House will allow them to be heard, by themselves or by their Counsel, against the said Bill for imposing a Poor’s Rate upon the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets' in the said City, for opening a Communication from Queens Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the

7 E Lands

Corn and Grain.

American

Sufferers.

565 12° Aprilis. A. 178

Ltlnch of Broughton, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come tto the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and " Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he wa6 directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further

regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports " and Places therein mentioned," and for extending Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And Mr. Bramston moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports " and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Bramston, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Alderman tVatson, and

Mr. Alderman Newnham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. tlughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfilant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums paid out of the Civil List, in the Year 17S5, for the Relief of American Sufferers: And allb,

An Account of Exchequer Bills made out in pur- Exchequw fuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five," and the Times of issuing such Bills respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Beresford, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in , and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the several Sums retained in the Taxes tr*w Hands of the Receive* General on Account of Taxes, fclre<1, transferred 1786: And also,

An Account of the Sum retained in the Hands of the Horse Dnty. several Distributors of Stamps on Account of the Horse Duty, transferred 1786, as far as appears from the Accounts transmitted by them: And also,

An Account of the Sum retained in the Hands of Waggon,*, the several Distributors of Stamps on Account of the Duty’ Waggon, Wain, Sic. Duties, transferred 1786, as far as appears firom the Accounts transmitted by them: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Poll Ford, Poll Horses, Stage Coaches, and Diligences, from &c-Dlltiefc Adgust 1783 to August 1784, and from August 1784 to August 1785, distinguishing the same into Half Years, as taken from the Accounts Current of the Collectors — the same for the Six Months commencing at August 1785, as far as it can be made up, with an Estimate of what Sums may be probably contained in the Account not yet received.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cockerell, from Admiralty the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord office* High Admiral of Great Britain, attended at -the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purihant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Total Charge of completing the Building intended to be built at the Expence of the Public, neat the Office of Admiralty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Admiralty

— f£rifc

a6 Geo. Ill

5*>7

Taxes on Servants.

Taxes on Carriages.

Imprisonment by Courts of Conscienc*.

12° Apr

Admiralty Office,! AnESTIMATE of the To til Charge of completing the Building intended to be 12th April 17S6.) built at the Expence of the Public, near the Office of Admiralty.

Prepared in pursuance of a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 10th Day of this

lnstant April.

The Total Charge of the additional Building intended to be erected on the Ground adjoining to the Admiralty Office in a substantial Manner with Brick, and such Projections, Cornices, 8$c. of Stone, as may be necessary, in the Style of the prefect Admiralty Buildings, and to finish the fathe completely, in a plain substantial Manner, with the necessary Offices, will not exceed (exclusive of the Materials of the old Building) the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, unless the Expence of the Foundations, which cannot yet be ascertained, should exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, at which it is at present calculated.

Sam Pepys Cockerell,

Inspector of Buildings.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Patdn, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Sums retained in the Office of Excise on Account of the Taxes on Male Servants (transferred from that Office) in order to answer any Demands which might be made on Account of any Payments of the same Taxes to the present Collectors: And also.

An Account of the several Sliths retaihed in the Office of Excise on AccoUiit of the Taxds on Carriages (transferred from that Office) in order to answer any Demands which might be made on Account of any Payments of the same Taxes to the present Collectors.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amortgft the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fbf the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonmertt of " Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions itt " Courts of Conscience in L, Middlesex', and the " Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors " to Gaolers or others on Account of futh Imprilbnmfent,*’ to all Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bastard took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 41.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Methlej mons, Common Fields, Walles, and other Commonable Inclosure. Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish o in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Deleted do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Hedger was presented to the Lambeth, House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for en- &e* Road*.' larging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to Newington, anti a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads, for widening certain Parts of toe said Road leading from Westminster Bridge, towards Kemington Common, for amending, widening, watching and Fighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street,

Lambeth, to the Blackfriars Bridge Road, near the

Magdalen Hospital, and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street, aforesaid, into the said Blackfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for Watching and lighting futh new Road, for repairing the Road between the South End of Blackfriars Bridge, and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Parish of Christ Church, and for reducing all the Atts into One Act; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pals into a Law, as it now stands, the Property of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced and injured thereby: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or his Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Property or fnterest of the Petitioner, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself,

by

568 i a0 Apr 1780.

himself. Agent, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if be thinks (it

Ordered, That it be an Instru#ion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Charges Mr. Burke presented to the House several other Ar-

MnHaftiogs t'c^es of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

And the said Articles were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

Further Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

N* 10.

That the said Warren Hastings, in the Year 1777, charge*. did grant to the Surgeon General a Contract for Three Years, for defraying every Kind of Hospital and Medicinal Expence — not only in Breach of the General Orders 177' of the Court of Directors, with respect to the Duration qu. p. of Contracts, but in dire# Opposition to a particular Order of the Court of Dire#ors, of the 30th March, General Letter, ^74, when they directed, " that the Surgeon should not

" be permitted to enjoy any Emolument arising from " his being concerned in dieting the Patients; and that

" the Occupations of Surgeon and Contractor should be " forthwith separated." — -That the said Contract was in itself highly improper, and inconiillent with the Good of the Service; as it afforded the greatest Temptation to Abuse, and established a pecuniary Interest in the Surgeon General, contrary to the Duties of his Station and Profession.

N* 11.

iyhfoff<*ru- That the Governor General and Council at Fort rf 177S. William did, on the Motion and Recommendation of Warren Hastings, Esquire, enter into a Contract with Archibald Frazer, Esquire, on the 16th of April 1778, for the Repairs of the Pools and Banks in the Province of Burdwan, for Two Years, at the Rate of 120,000 Sicca Rupees for the First Year, and 80,000 Rupees for the Second Year.

That on the 19th of December 1778, the said Warren Hastings did further persuade the Supreme Council to idCootrmQ, prolong the Term of the above Contract with Archibald sgned 16th of Frazer for the Space of Three Years more, on the same February 1779. Conditions; namely, the Payment of 80,000 Sicca Rupees for each Year. To which was added, a Permission to Mr. Frazer to make Dobunds, or special Repairs, whenever he should judge them necessary, at the Charge of Government.

That the said Contracts, both in the Manner of their Acceptance by the Supreme Council, without having previously advertised for Proposals, and in the Extent of their Duration, were made in dire# Violation of the Special Orders of the Court of Dire#ors.

That so far from any Advantage having been obtained x for the Company in the Terms of these Contracts, in

Consideration of the Length of Time for which they were to continue, the Expence of Government upon this Article was increased by these Engagements to a very great Amount.

That it appears that this Contract had been held for some Years before by the Rajah of Burdwan, at the Rate of 25,000 Rupees per Annum.

That the Superintendent of Pooibuwly Repairs, after an accurate and diligent Survey of the Bunds and Pools, and the Provincial Council of Burdwan, upon the best Information they could procure, had delivered it as their Opinion to the Governor General and Council, before the said Agreement was entered into,

That after the heavy Expence Qtated in Mr.

Estimate, viz. 119,405 Sicca Rujiecs) if disbursed as they recommended, the Charge in future Sealons would be greatly reduced, and after one thorough and Repair, they conceived a small Annual Expence would be sufficient to keep the Bunds up, and prevent their going to Decay.

That whatever extraordinary and unusual Damages the Pools and Bunds might have sustained, either from the Negle# of the Rajah’s Officers, or from the Violence of the then late Rains, and the Torrents thereby occasioned, to justify the Expence of the First Year, yet as they were all considered and included in the Estimate for that Year, there could be no Pretence for allowing and continuing so large and burthensome a Payment as 80,000 Rupees per Annum, for the Four succeeding Years.

That the said Warren Hastings did, in his Minutes of the 13th of February 1778, himself support that Opinion,

in the Comparison to be made between Mr. Thomson's Proposals of undertaking the same Service for (io.ooe Rupees a Year, for Nine Years, and the Terms of Mr.

Frazer's Contracts j preferring the latter, because these were " to effe# a complete Repair, which could hardly " be concluded in One Season, and the subsequent Expence would be but trilling."

notwithstanding which, the said Warren Hastings urged and prevailed upon the Council to allow in the First Year the full Amount proposed by Mr. Kinlock in his Estimate of the necessary Repairs, and did burthen the Company with what he must have deemed to be for the greater Part an unnecessary Expence of 80,000 Rupees per Annum, for Four Years.

That the Permission granted to Mr. Frazer to make sic Dobunds, or new and additional Embankments in of the old ones, whenever he should judge them necessary, at the Charge of Government (the said Charge to be verified by the Oath of the said Frazer, without any Voucher) was a Power very much to be suspe#ed, and very improper to be intruded to a Contractor, who had already covenanted to keep the old Pools in perfe#

Repair, and to constru# new ones wherever the old Pools had been broken down and washed away, or where the Course of the Rivers might have rendered uew ones necessary, in Consideration of the great Sums stipulated to be paid to him by the Government.

That the Grant of the foregoing Contracts, and the Permission afterwards annexed to the Second of the said Grants, become much more represensible from a Consideration of the Circumstances of the Person to whom such a Grant was made.

That the due Performance of the Service required local Knowledge and Experience, which the said Archibald Frazer, being an Officer in the Supreme Court of Justice, could not have possessed.

N* 12.

That it appears that the Opium produced in Bengal and Bahar is a considerable and lucrative Article in the Export Trade of those Provinces; that the whole Produce has been for many Years monopolized, either by Individuals or by the Government; that the Court ^ttit of Dire#ors of the East Imia Company, in Consideration of the Hardship imposed on the Native Owners and Cultivators of the Lands, who were deprived of their natural Right of dealing with many Competitors,

03 and

i5th Dec. 1775. N°6o.

N° 67.

13d Dec. 1778. N° 70.

K°7S.

N°7*.

N° 7a.

26 Geo. III. ia° Ap 569

and compelled to fell the Produce of their Labour to

a single Monopolist, did authorize the Governor General and Council to give up that Commodity as an Article of Commerce.

That while the said Commodity continued to be a Monopoly for the Benefit of Government, and managed by a ContraQor, the ContraQs for providing it were subject to the Company’s fundamental Regulation, namely, to be put up to AuQion, and disposed of to the best Bidder; and that the Company particularly ordered, that the Commodity, when provided, should be consigned to the Board of Trade, who were directed to dispose thereof by public AuQion.

That, in May 1777, the said Warren Hastings granted to John Mackenzie a ContraQ for the Provision of Opium, to continue Three Years, and without advertising for Proposals; that this TranseQion was condemned by the Court of Directors, notwithstanding a Clause had been inserted in that ContraQ;, by which it was left open to the Court of Directors to annul the same at the Expiration of the First or Second Year.

That, about the End of the Year 1780, the said Warren Hastings, in ContradiQion to the Order above

mentioned, did take away the Sale of the Opium from the Board of Trade, though he disclaimed, at the same Time, any Intention of implying a Censure on their Management.

That, in March 1781, the said Warren Hastings did grant to Stephen Sulivan, Son of Chairman of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, a ContraQ: for the Provision of Opium, without advertising for Propofols, and without even receiving any written Proposals from him the said Sulivan that he granted this ContraQ for Four Years, and, at the Request of the said Sulivan, did omit that Clause which was inserted in the preceding ContraQ, and by which it was rendered liable to be determined by Orders from the Company; the said Warren Hastings declaring, contrary to Truth, that such Clause was now unnecessary, as the Directors had approved the ContraQ.

That the said Sulivan had been but a few Months in

Bengal, when the above ContraQ was given to him; that he was a Stranger to the Country, and to all the local Commerce thereof, and therefore unqualified for the Management of such a Concern; and that the said Sulivan, instead of executing the ContraQ himself, did, shortly after obtaining the fame, assign it over to John Benn and others; and, in consideration of such Alignment, did receive from the said Benn a great Sum of Money.

That from the preceding FaQs, as well as from sundry other Circumstances of Restrictions taken off (particularly by abolishing the Office of Inspector into the Quality of the Opium) and of beneficial Clauses introduced, it appears, that the said Warren Hastings gave this ContraQ to the said Stephen , in Contra-

diQion to the Orders of the Court of Directors, and without any Regard to the Interests of the India Company, for the sole Purpose of creating un instant Fortune for the said Sulivan at the Expence of the India Company, without any Claim of Service or Pretence of Merit on his Part, and without any apparent Motive whatever, except that of securing or rewarding the Attachment and Support of his Father, Lawrence Sulivan, a Person of great Authority and Influence in the Di-reQion of the Company’s Affairs, and notoriously attached to and conneQed with the said Warren Hastings.

That the said Stephen Sulivan neither possessed, nor pretended to possess, any Skill in the Business of his ContraQ; that he exerted no Industry, nor shewed, or could shew, any ExaQnefe in the Performance of Vot. 41.

it; since he immediately fold the ContraQ for a Sum Charges of Money to another Person (for the sole Purpose of against which Sale, it must be presumed, the same was given); Mr*HllftinSs* by which Person another Profit was to be made; and by that Person the same was again sold to a Third, by whom a Third Profit was to be made.

That the said Warren Hastings, at the very Time when he engaged the Company in a ContraQ for engrafting the Whole of the Opium produced in Bengal and Bahar in the ensuing Four Years, on Terms of such exorbitant Profit to the ContraQor, affirmed, that "there " was little ProspeQ of felling the Opium in Bengal n° 16.

" at a reasonable Price; and that it was but natural " to suppose that the Price of Opium would from the Demand being lessened — That, in a letter dated *i- B-the 5th of May 1781, he informed the Directors,

" That, owing to the indifferent State of the Markets " last Season to the Eastward, and the very enhanced " Rates of Insurance which the War had occasioned,'

they had not been able to dispose of the Opium of " the present Year to so great an Advantage as they " expeQed; and that more than One Half of it remained (till in their Warehouses." — That the said Warren Hastings was guilty of a manifest Breach of Trust to his Conliituents and his Employers, in monopolizing for their pretended Use an Article of Commerce, for which he declared no Putvhasers had offered, and that there was little Prospect of any offering; and the Price of which, he said, it was but natural to suppose

would faU. That the said Warren Hastings having, by his own AQ, loaded the Company with a Commodity, for which, either in the ordinary and regular Course of public AuQion, or even by private ContraQ, there was, as he affirmed, no Sale, did, under Pretence of finding a Market for the fame, engage the Company in an Enterprize of great and certain Expence, subject to a manifest Risque, and full of Dilgrace to the East India Company; not only in their Political ChuraQer, as a great Sovereign Power in Indiabut in their Commercial Character, as an eminent and relpeQable Body of Merchants; and that the Execution of this Enterprize was accompanied with sundry other Engagements with other Persons, in all of which the Company’s Interest was constantly sacrificed to that of Individuals favoured by the said Warren Hastings.

That the said Warren Hastings first engaged in a n°s*. Scheme to export One thousand Four hundred and Sixty Chests of Opium on the Company’s Account, on board a Ship belonging to Cudbert Thornhill; Half of which was to be disposed of in a Coasting Voyage, and the Remainder in Canton. — That, besides the Freight and Commission payable to the said Thornhill, on this Adventure, Twelve Pieces of Cannon belonging to the Company were lent, for arming the Ship; though his original Proposal was, that the Ship should be armed at his Expence. — That this Part of the Adventure depending for its Success on a prudent and fortunate Management of various Sales and Re-sales, in the Course of a circuitous Voyage: and being exposed to such Risque both of Sea and Enemy, that all private Traders had declined to be concerned in it; was particularly unfit for a great Trading Company, and could not be undertaken on their Account with any rational ProspeQ of Advantage.

That the said Warren Hastings soon after engaged in another Scheme for exporting Two thousand Chests. of Opium directy to China, on the Company's Account, and for that Purpose accepted of an Offer made by Henry Watson, the Company’s Chief Engineer, to convey the same in a Vessel of his own, and to deliver it to the Company’s Supra Cargoes. — That after the Offer of the said Henry Watson had been accepted, a Letter

7 F from

57° i 'f Aprilis. 1786.

Charm from him was produced at the Board, in which he declared

MrHaftiM* t*iat was una^e *° equip the Ship with a proper r' OD®*’ Number of Cannon, and requeued that he might be fumished with Thirty-six Guns from the Company’s Stores at Madras; with which Request the Board complied. — That it appears that George Williamson, the Company’s Auctioneer at Calcutta, having complained that, by this Mode of exporting the Opium, which used to be sold by public Auction, he loft his Commission as Auctioneer, the Board allowed him to draw a Commission of One per Cent, on all the Opium which had

n° 73. R*port’ been or was to be exported. — That it appears that the Contractor for Opium (whose proper Duties and Emoluments, as Contractor, ended with the Delivery of the Opium) was also allowed to draw a Commission on the Opium then shipping on the Company’s Account; but for what Reason, or on what Pretence, does not appear.

That the said Warren , in order to pay the

laid Stephen Sulivan in Advance for the Opium furnished, or to be fumished, by him in the First Year of his Contract, did borrow the Sum of Twenty Lacks of Rupees, at Eight per Cent, or Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be repaid by Drafts to be drawn on the Company by their Supra Cargoes in , provided the Opium consigned to them should arrive iafe; but that if the Adventure failed, whether by the Loss of the Ships or otherwise, the Subscribers to the above Loan were to be repaid their Capital and Interest Out of the Company’s Treasury in Bengal.

That the said Warren Hastings, having in this Manner purchased a Commodity for which be said there was no Sale, and paid for it with Money which he was obliged to borrow at a high Interest, was still more criminal in his Attempt, or pretended Plan, to intro-

n*«7- duce it clandestinely into China. That the Importation of Opium into China is forbidden by the Chinese Government, that the Opium, on Seizure, is burnt; the Vessel, that imports it, confiscated; and the Chinese, in whose Possession it may be found for Sale, punished with Death.

n°*i. That the Governor General and Council were well

aware of the Existence of these Prohibitions and Penalties; and did therefore inform the Supra Cargoes in China, that the Ship, belonging to the said Henry Watson, would enter the River at China as an armed Ship, and would not be reported as bearing a Cargo of Opium', that being a contraband Trade. — That of the above Two Ships, the- First, belonging to Cudbert *

was taken by the French; and that the Second, arriving in China, did occasion- much Embarrassment and Distrela to the Company’s Supra Cargoes there, who had not been previously consulted on the Formation of the Plan, and were exposed to great Difficulty and Hazard in the Execution of their Part of it. That the Ship was delayed at a Demurrage of an Hundred Dollars a Day, for upwards of Three Months, waiting in vain for a better Market- — 'The Factory estimate the Loss to the Company, including Port Charges, Demurrage, and Fadory Charges allowed the Captain, at Sixty-nine thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-three Dollars, or about Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling,

That the Company’s Fadory at China, after stating the foregoing Fads to the Court of Directors, conclude with the following general Observation thereon: — " On " a Review of these Circumstances, with the extravagant " and unusual Terms of the Freight, Demurrage, Factory Charges, &;c. &;c. we cannot help being of Opinion,

" that private Considerations have been suffered to interfere too much, for any Benefit that may have been " intended to the Honourable Company. We hope for " the Honourable Court’s Approbation of our Conduct

M in this Affair. The Novelty and Nature of the Consignments have been the Source of much Trouble and " Anxiety; and, though we wished to have had it in " our Power to do more, we may truly say we have exceeded our Expectations."

That every Part of this Transaction, from the Monopoly with which it commenced to the contraband Dealing with which it concluded, criminates the said Warren Hastings with wilful Disobedience of Orders, and a continued Breach of Trust: That every Step taken in it was attended with heavy Lose to the Company, and with a Sacrifice of their Interest to that of Individuals: And that, if finally a Profit had refiilted to the Company from such a Transaction, no Profit attending it could compensate for the probable Risque to which their Trade in China was thereby exposed; or for the certain Dishonour, and consequent Dillruft, which the East India Company mull incur in the Eyes of the Chinese Government, by being engaged in a low, clandestine Traffic, prohibited by the Laws of the Country.

N* 13.

That in the Month of February 1781, Mr. Richard Joseph Sullivan, Secretary to the Select Committee at Fort St. George, applied to them for Leave to proceed to Calcutta on his private Affairs. That, being the Confidential Secretary to the Select Committee at Fort St. George, and consequently possessed of all the Views and Secrets of the Company, as far as they related to that Government, he went privately into the Service of the Nabob of Arcot; and, under the Pretence of proceeding to Calcutta on his private Bufinefe, undertook a to the Governor Commission from the said Nabob to the Governor Gene- u

ral and Council, to negociate with them in Favour of sept. 17*1. certain Projects of the said Nabob, which had been reprobated by the Company.

That the said Sullivan was loon after appointed back *enP| s?cret again, by the said Warren Hastings, to the Office of Resident at the Durbar of the said' Nabob of That it was a High Crime and Misdemeanor, in the said Hastings, to encourage lo dangerous an Example in the Company’s Service, and to interfere unnecessarily with, the Government of Madras, in the Discharge of the Duties peculiarly ascribed to them by the Piradice and"

Orders of the Company, for the Purpose of appointing to a great and confidential Situation a Man who had lb recently committed a Breach of Trust to his Employers.

That the Court of Directors, in their Letter to Bengal, dated the 12th of July 1782, and received there on the i'8th of February 1783, did condemn and revoke the said Appointment That the said Directors,. in theirs to Fort St.George, dated the 28th oi August 1782, and received there the 31st of January 1.783* did highly condemn the Conduct of the said Sullivan; and, in order to dieter their Servants from Practices of the same Kind, did dismiss him from their Service.

That the said Hastings, knowing that the said Sullivans Appointment had been condemned and revoked by the Court of Directors, and pretending that, on the 15th of March 1783, he did not know that the said

Sullivan was dismissed from the Company’s Service, though that Fad was known at Madras on the 31st of the preceding January, did recommend the said Sullivan to be Embassador at the Court of Nizam Ally Cawn,

Subahdar of the Decan, in Defiance of the Authority and Orders of the Court of Directors.

That even admitting, what is highly improbable, that the Dismission of the said Sullivan from the Service of the said Company was not known at Calcutta in Forty-three Days from Madras, the lallrmentioned Nomination of the said Sullivan was made at least in

Contempt

26 Geo. III. i a* Ap571

Contempt of the Cenfore already expressed by the Court of Directors, at his former Appointment to the Durbar of the Nabob of Arcot, and which was certainly known to the said Hastings.

N* 14.

Apparfx, 6th That on the 2d of December 1779, the Governor committed* General and Council of Fort William, at the special *39. *4°* Recommendation and Instance of Warren

Esquire, then Governor General, and contrary to die declared Opinion and Proleft of Three of the Members of the Council; viz. Philip Francis and Edward Wheier, Esqukes, who were present; and of Sir Eyre who was absent (by whole Absence the Calling Voice of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, prevailed) did conclude a Treaty of perpetual Friendship and Alliance, Offensive and Defensive, with a Hindoo Prince, called the Ranna of Gohud, for the express Purpose of using the Forces of the said Ranna in Opposition to the Marattas. That, among other Articles, it was stipulated with the ' said Ranna, by the Hud Warren Hastings, " That

" whenever Peace should be concluded between the " Company and the Maratta State, the Maha Rajah " fivould be included as a Party in the Treaty, which " should be made for that Purpose, and his present " Possessions, together with the Fort of GuaHor, which of " old belonged to the Family of the Maha Rajah, if it " should be then in his Possessioo, and such Countries as "he should have acquired in the Course of War, and " which it should then be stipulated to leave io his Hands, " should be guaranteed to him by such Treaty." orttrlrfi* That in the late War against the Marattas the said itoufv. Ranna of Gokud did actually join the British Army, under the Command of Colonel Muir, with Two Battalions of Infantry, and 1,200 Cavalry, and did then serve ia Person against the Marattas, thereby affording Letter frora material AflHtance, and rendering essential Service to the

Colonel Muir. r ®

Uompaay.

10thRep. Sena That, io Conformity to the above-mentioned Treaty, *» the Fourth Article erf the Treaty of Peace, con-Paper$ primed eluded on *he 13th of October 1781, between Colonel Muir on the Part of the English Company, and Madajee Scindia the Maratta General, the said Ranna of Gokud was exprefely included. dp, That, notwithstanding the said exprest Provision and

" Agreement, Madajee proceeded to attack the

Forts, and lay wafts the Territories of the said Ranna, and did undertake and prosecute a War against him for the Space of Two Years; in the Course of which, the Ranna and his Family were reduced to extreme Distrefe, and in the End he was deprived of his Forts, and the Whole not only of his acquired Possessions, but of his original Dominions, so specially guaranteed to him by the British Government in both the above-mentioned Treaties.

Mr. Anderson’c That the said Warren Hastings was duly and regu-printed Letten. j^jy informed of foe Progress of the War against the Ranna, and of every Event thereof; notwithstanding which, be not only neglected in any Manner to interfere therein in Favour of the hud Ranna, or to use any Endeavours to prevent the Infraction of the Treaty, but gave considerable Countenance and Encouragement to Madajee Scindia in his Violation of it, both by the Residence of the British Minister in the Maratta Camp, and by the Approbation shewn by the said Warren Hastings to the Promises made by his Agent of observing the ftrrtkest Neutrality, notwithstanding he was in Justice bound, and flood pledged by the most solemn and sacred Engagements, to pcote& and preserve the said Ranna from those Enemies, whose Reibntment he had provoked Vot. 41.

only by his Adherence to the Ifttecefls of the British Charge* Nation.

That, in the only Attempt made to found the Dif- *' *’*"** position of Madajee Scindia, relative to a Pacification between him and the Ranna of Gohud on the 14th of j*^Jj* May 1783, Mr. Anderson, in Obedience to the Orders to Governor he had received, did clearly and explicitly declare to Show Bucksey, the Minister of Madajee Scindfa, the Sentiments of the said Warren Hastings, in the Words foHowing: — " That it was so far from your (the said " Hastings’s) Meaning, to intercede m his (the said

" Hanna's) Favour, that I only desired him to found " Scindia’s Sentiments, and in case he was desirous of

" Peace, to mention what I had said; bat, if he seemed " to prefer carrying on the War, I begged that he " would not mention a Syllable of what had passed, but " let the Matter drop entirely."

That it afterwards appeared, in a Minute of the said Hastings, in Council at Fort William, on the 2 2d of September 1783, that he promised, at the Instance of a Member of the Council, to write to Lieutenant James Anderson in Favour of the Ranna of Gohud, and lay his Letter before the Board. I

That nevertheless the said Hastings, professing not to recollect his laid Promise, did neglect to write a formal Letter to Lieutenant Anderson, in Favour of the said Ranna of Gohud, and that the private Letter, the Extract of which the said Hastings did lay before the Board on the 21st of October 1783, so far from directing any effectual Interference in Favour of the said Ranna, or commanding.’jhis Agent, the said James Anderson, to interpose the Mediation of the British Government to procure " Honourable Terms" for the said Ranna, or even " Safety to his Person and Family," contains the bitterest Invectives against him, and is expressive of the Satisfaction which the said1 Hastings acknowledges hitn-self to have enjoyed in the Distresses of the said Ranna, the Ally of the Company.

That the Measures therein recommended, appear rather to have been designed to satisfy Madajee Scindia, and to justify the Condutt of the British Government, in not having taken a more active and a more hostile Part against the said Ranna, than an Intercession on his Behalf.

That though no Consideration of Good Faith, or Observance of Treaties, could induce the said Hastings to incur the Hazard of any hostile Exertion of the British Force for the Defence or the Relief of the Allies of the Company, yet in the said private Letter he directed that, in same his Mediation should be accepted, it should be made a specific Condition, that, if the said Ranna should take Advantage of Scindia's Absence to renew his Hostilities, we ought in that Case, on Requisition, to invade the Dominions of the Ranna.

That no beneficial Effects could have been procured to the said Ranna by an Offer of Mediation delayed till Scindia no longer wanted our Assistance to crush do

tsfallen an Enemyat the same Time that no Reason was given to Scindia to apprehend the Danger of drawing upon himself the Resentment of the Government,

by a Disregard of their Pfopofai, and the Destruction of their Ally.

That it was a gross and scandalous Mockery in the said Hastings to defer an Application to obtain Honourable Terms for the Ranna, and Safety for his Person and Family, till he had been deprived of his Principal Fort, in Defence of which his Uncle loft his Life, and oa the Capture of which his Wife, to avoid the Dishonour consequent upon falling into the Hands of her Enemies, had destroyed herself by an Explosion of Gunpowder.

That however it does not appear that any Offer of Mediation was ever actually made, or ahy Influence exerted,

either

i >

57*

12° Apri.

A. 178 <5.

*7«4-

Dated Benares 4th of November 17S1.

either for the Safety of the Ranna’s Ferfoa and Family, or in Mitigation of the rigorous Intentions supposed by tgOiF«brw»y lieutenant Anderson to have been entertained against him by Madajte Scindia after his Surrender.

That the said Hastings, in the Instructions given by him to Mr. David Atu/erson for his Conduct in associating the Treaty of Peace with the Marattas, expressed his Determination to desert the Ranna of Gohud, in the following Words: " You will of course be attentive to " any Engagements subsisting between us and other " Powers, in settling the Terms of Peace and Alliance " with the Marattas; I except from this the Ranna of " Gohud." — " Leave him to settle his own Affairs with " the Marattas."

That the said Anderson appears very assiduously to have fought for Grounds to justify the Execution of this Part of his Instructions, to which, however, he was at all Events obliged to conform.

That, even after his Application for that Purpose to the Marattas, whose Testimony was much to be fuf-pected, because it was their Interest to accuse, and their determined ObjeCfc to destroy the said Ranna, no satisfactory Proof was obtained of his Defection from the Engagements he had entered into with the Company.

That moreover, if all the Charges, which have been pretended against the Ranna, and have been alledged by the said Hastings in Justification of his Conduct, had been well founded, and proved to be true, the Subject Matter of those Accusations, and the Proofs by which they were to be supported, were known to Colonel Muir before the Conclusion of the Treaty he entered into with Madajee Scindia; and therefore, whatever Suspicions may have been entertained, or whatever Degree of Criminality may have been proved against the said Ranna, previous to the said Treaty, from the Time he was fb provided for and included in the said Treaty, he was fully and justly entitled to the Security stipulated for him by the Company, and had a Right to demand and receive the Protection of the British Government.

That these Considerations were urged by Mr. Anderson to the said Warren Hastin, in his Letter of the 24th of June 1781, and were enforced by this additional Argument, " That in Point of Policy, I believe, it " ought not to be our With that the Marattas should " ever recover the Fortress of it forms an important Barrier to our own Possessions. In the Hands " of the Ranna it can be of no Prejudice to us; and " notwithstanding the present Prospect of a permanent " Peace betwixt us and the Marattas, it seems highly " expedient that there should always remain some strong Barrier to separate us, on this Side of India, from " that warlike and powerful Nation."

That the said Warren Hastings was highly culpable in abandoning the said Ranna to the Fury of his Enemies, thereby forfeiting the Honour and injuring the Credit of the British Nation in India, notwithstanding the said Hastings was lully convinced, and had professed,

" that the most sacred Observance of Treaties, Justice,

" and Good Faith, were necessary to the Existence of " the National Interests in that Country." — And though the said Hastings has complained of the Inefficiency of the Laws of this Kingdom to enforce this Doctrine,

" by the Punishment of Persons in the Possession of " Power, who may be impelled by the Provocation of " Ambition, Avarice, or Vengeance, stronger than the " Restrictions of Integrity and Honour, to the Violation " of this just and wife Maxim;"

That the said Hastings, in thus departing from these his own Principles, with a fell and just Sense of the Guilt he would thereby incur, and in fecrificing the Allies of this Country " to the Provocations of Ambition, Avarice, or in Violation of the

Letter from Mr. Haftiogt, October 17*3,

National Faith and Justice, did commit, a grofe and wilful Breach of his Duty, and was thereby guilty of an High Crime and Misdemeanor.

N* 15.

Revenues.

PART the Ift.

That the Property of the Lands of Bengal is, according to the Laws and Customs of that Country, an inheritable Property, and that it is, with few Exceptions, veiled in certain Natives, called Zemindars, or Landholders, under whom other Natives, called Taiookdars and Ryots, hold certain subordinate Rights of Property, or Occupancy, in the said Lands: — That the said Natives are Hindoos, and that their Rights and Privileges are

grounded upon the Possession of regular Grants, a long Series of Family Succession, and fair Purchase: — That it appears that Bengal has been under the Dominion of the Mogul, and subject to a Mahomedan Government, for above Two hundred Years: — That, while the Mogul Government was in its Vigour, the Property of Zemindars was held sacred; and that either by voluntary Grant from the said Mogul, or by Composition with him, the native Hindoos were left in the free, quiet, and undisturbed Possession of their Lands, on the Angle Condition of paying a Axed, certain, and unalterable Revenue, or Quit Rent, to the Mogul Government: — That this Revenue or Quit Rent, w as called the Aussil Jumma, or original Ground Rent, of the Provinces, and was not increased from the Time when it was first settled, in 1573,1° 174°> when the regular and effective Mogul Government ended: — That, from that Time to 1765, InvaAons, Usurpations, and various Resolutions took place in the Government of Bengal, in consequence of which the Country was conAderably reduced and impoverished, when the East India Company received from the present Mogul Emperor, Shd Alum, a Grant of the Dewanny, or Collection of the Revenues: — That, about the Year 1770, the Provinces of Bengal and Bahar were viAted with a dreadful Famine and Mortality, by which at least One Third of the Inhabitants perished: — That Warren Hastings, Esquire, has declared, " that he had always heard the Loss of Inhabitants reckoned at a Third, and in many Places near " One Half, of the Whole; and that he knew not by " what Means such a Loss could be recruited in Four " or Five Years, and believed it impossible." That neverthelefe the Revenue was violently kept up to its former Standard, that is, in the Two Years immediately preceding the Appointment of the said Warren Hastings to the Government of Fort William; in consequence of which, the remaining Two Thirds of the Inhabitants were obliged to pay for the Lands now Ift without and that, from the Year 1770 to the Year 1775, the Country had languished, and the Evil continued enhancing every Day: — That the said Warren Hastings, in a Letter to die Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated ift September 1772, declared, " That the Lands " had suffered unheard-of Depopulation by the Famine " and Mortality.of 1769; — that the Collections, vio~ " lently kept up to their former Standard, had added to " the Distrefe of the Country, and threatened a general " Decay of the Revenue, unless immediate Remedies were applied to prevent it." That the said

6th Rep. SeL Com. P. 19, so.

Vide farther Report of Con. no it tee of Secrecy ia 1773.

Vide General Letter from Warren Halvings, Esquire, and Council, dated 3d Nor. 177a.

D°.

Vide App. to 6th Rep. of Selea Committee, N° 14. Para. iS.

rukbisMmtt

of xxd February

1775-

Letter from Samuel Middleton, Esq. to the Governor General and C°, dated 5th Feb. 1775-

tc

Warren Hastings has declared, " That, by intruding the Collections to the hereditary Zemindars, the " People would be treated with more the

" Rents more improved, and Cultivation more likely

" to

Sen' IS Nov. 1771.

a6 Geo. III. i a0 Aprilis.

573

" to be encouraged; that have a perpetual Interest in the Country, that their Inheritance cannot " be removed; that they are the Proprietors; that the " Lands are their Estates, and their inheritance; that,

" from a long Continuance of the Lands in their Farnilies, it is to be concluded they have rivetted an " Authority in the Distrifil, acquired an Ascendancy " over the Minds of the Ryots, and ingratiated their " Affections. That, from continuing the Lands under " the Management of those, who have a natural and " perpetual Interest in their Prosperity, solid Advantages " might be expefifced to accrue: that the Zemindar " would be less liable to Failure or Deficiencies than " the Farmer, from the perpetual Interest which the u former hath in the Country, and because his Inheritance cannot be removed; and it would be im-’* probable that he should risque the Lois of it by " eloping from his Distrifit, which is too frequently " prafitifed by a Farmer, when he is hard pressed for the 4‘ Payment of his Balances, and as frequently predetermined when he receives his Farm — That notwithstanding all the preceding Declarations, made by the said Warren Hastings of the Lois of One Third of the Inhabitants, and general Decline of the Country, he did, immediately after his Appointment to the Government, in the Year 1772, make an arbitrary Settlement of the Revenues for Five Years, at a higher Rate than had ever been received before, and with a progressive and accumulating Increase on each of the Four last Years of the said Settlement.

That notwithstanding the Right of Property and Inheritance, repeatedly acknowledged by the said Warren Hastings to be in the Zemindars, and other Native Landholders; and notwithstanding he had declared " that the Security of private Property is the greatest Encouragement to Industry, on which the Wealth of u every State depends;" the said Warren,

nevertheless, in direfit Violation of those acknowledged Rights and Principles, did universally let the Lands of Bengal in Farm for Five Years; thereby destroying all the Rights of Private Property of the Zemindars; thereby delivering the Management of their Estates to Farmers, and transferring, by a most arbitrary and unjust Afit of Power, the whole Landed Property of Bengal from the Owners to Strangers: — That, to accomplish this iniquitous Purpose, he, the said Warren , did put the

Lands of Bengal up to a pretended public Aufition, and invited all Persons to make Proposals for far nung the same, thereby encouraging Strangers to bid against the Proprietors; in consequence of which, not only the said Proprietors were ousted of the Possession and Management of their Estates, but a great Part of the Lands tell into the Hands of the Banyans, or principal Black Servants, of British Subjefits, connefited with and protected by the Government: And that the said Warr'en Hastings himl’elf has since declared, that, by this the Lands too generally fell into the Hands of desperate or knavish Adventurers: — That, before the Measure herein-before described was carried into Execution, the said Warren Hastings did establish certain fundamental Regulations in Council, to be observed in executing the fame: — That, among thele Regulations, it was specially and Unfitly ordered, that no Farm should exceed the Annual Amount oi One Lack of Rupees; and " that " no Pelhcar, Banyan, or other Servant of whatever " Denomination, of the Collefitor, or Relation or " Dependant of any such Servant, should be allowed " to farm Lands, nor direfitly or indirectly to hold a " Concern in any Farm, nor to be Security for any " Farmer:" — That, in direfit' Violation of these his own Regulations, and in Breach of the public Trust reposed in him, and diffidently declared by the manifest Duty of his Station, if it had not been expressed end inforced by any positive Institution, be, the said Vox,. 41.

Warren Hastings, did permit and suffer his own Ban- charges

yan, or principal Black Steward, named Cantoo , against

to hold Farms in different Purgunnahs, or Distrifits, or Mr. Halting*, to be Security for Farms, to the Amount of Thirteen Lack of Rupees [130,000l. or upwards] per;

and that, after enjoying the Whole of those Farms for Two Years, he was permitted by the said Warren Hastings to relinquish Two of them: That, on the Sub-jefit of the Farms held by Cantoo Bthe said Warren Hastings has made the following Declaration: " Many £^e^.,he " of his Farms were taken without my Knowledge, and rectors, *stn " almost all against my Advice. I had no Right to use M,irch 1775‘.

" Compulsion or Authority; nor could I with Justice " exclude him, because he was my Servant, from a " Liberty allowed to all other Persons in the Country.

" — The Farms which he quitted, he quitted by my " Advice, because I thought that he might engage himself beyond his Abilities, and be involved in Disputes,

" which I did not chule to have come before me as " Judge of them." — That the said Declaration contains (undry false and contradictory Assertions: — That, if almost all the said Farms were taken against his Advice, it cannot be true that many of them were taken without his Knowledge: — That, whether Cantoo Baboo had been his Servant or not, the said Warren Hastings was bound by his own Regulations to prevent his holding any Farms to a greater Amount than One Lack of Rupees per Annum; and that the said Cantoo , being the . Servant of the Governor General, was excluded by the said Regulations from holding any Farms whatever: —

That if (as the Direfitors observe) it was thought dangerous to permit the Banyan of a Collefitor to be concerned in Farms, the same or stronger Objections would always lie against the Governors Banyan being so concerned: — That the said Warren Hastings had a Right, and was bound by his Duty, to prevent his Servant from holding the fame: — That, in advising the said GenI L" J>* Cantoo Baboo to relinquish feme of the said Farms, for which he was afitually engaged, he has acknowledged ari Influence over his Servant, and has used that Influence for a Purpose inconsistent with his Duty to the India Company, namely, to deprive them of the Security of the said Cantoo Baboo's Engagement for Farms, which on Trial he had found not beneficial, or not likely to continue beneficial to himself; and that if it was improper that he, the said Warren , should be

the Judge of any Disputes in which his Servant might be involved on Account of his Farms, that Reason ought to have obliged him to prevent his Servant from being engaged in any Farms whatever, or to have advised his said Servant to relinquish the Remainder of his Farms, as well as those which the said Warren Hastings affirms he quitted by his Advice: — That, on the Subjefit of the said Charge, the Court of Direfitors of the East India Company have come to the following Resolution: " Resolved, That it appears that the Con- Gcn' L'e> eh " dufit of the late President and Council of Fort Apnl I7J(K " William in Bengal, in differing Cantoo , the

"present Governor General's Banyan, to hold Farms " in different Purgunnahs to a large Amount, or to " be Security for fuel) Farms, contrary to the Tenor " and Spirit of the 17th Regulation of the Committee " of Revenue at Fort William, of the 14th May 1772,

" and afterwards relinquishing that Security without " Satisfafition made to the Company, was highly " improper, and has been attended with considerable " Lois to the Company — and that, in the Whole of this Transafition the said Warren Hastings has been guilty of gross Collusion with his Servant, and manifest Breach of Trust to his Employers: — That, whereas it was acknowledged by the said Warren Hastings, that the Country, in the Year 1770 and 1771, had differed great Depopulation and Decay; — and, that the Collections of those Years having been violently kept up to their

7 G farmer

574 12° Apritif. 178

Charge* former Standard, had added to the Distress of the Mr Hwfti" *. Country, — the Settlement of the Revenues made by him 6 for Five Years, commencing the lft of 1772, instead of offering any Abatement or Relief to the Inhabitants, who trad survived the Famine, held out to the East India Company a Promise of great Increase of Revenue, to be ex lifted from the Country by the Means herein-before described: — That this Settlement was not realized, but fell considerably short, even in the First of the Five Years, when the Demand was the lighted; and that, on the Whole of the Five Years, the real Collections fell short Select c'omrt’ °t* the Settlement, to the enormous Amount of Two Pa*e 33. Millions and a Half Sterling and upwards: — That such a Settlement, if it had been, or could have been, rigo-roofly exaftetl from a Country already so distressed, and froth a Population so impaired, that, in the Belief of the said Warren Hastings, it was impossible such Loss could be recruited in Four or Five Years, would have been in Fast, what it appeared to be in Form, an Act of the most cruel and tyrannical Opprcfiion; but that the real Use made of that unjult Demand upon the Natives of Bengal was, to oblige them to compound privately with the Persons who formed the Settlement, and who threatened to enforce it: — That the enormous Balances and Remissions, on that Settlement, arose from a general Collusion between the Farmers and Collectors, and from a general Peculation and Embezzlement of the Revenues-, by which the East htdia Company was grofely hnposed on, in the Frrft Instance, by a proraised Increase of Revenue; and defrauded, in the Second1, not only by the Failure of that Increase, but by the Revenues falling short of what they were in the Two Years preceding the said Settlement, to a great Amount.- — That the said Warren Hastings being then at the Head of the Government of Bengal, was a Party to all the said Imposition, Fraud, Peculation, and Embezzlement, arid is principally and specially answerable for the fame; and that whereas sundry Proofs of the said Peculation and Embezzlement were brought before the Court of Directors, the said Directors (in a Letter dated the 4th of March 1778, and signed by William Deoaynes and Nathaniel Smith, Esquires, now Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Court, and Members of this House) did declare that, " although it W as rather their Wilh to prevent future " Evils, than to enter into a severe Retrofpeftion of pall " A bulbs, yet, as in feme of the Cafes then before them " they conceived there had been flagrant Corruption, and in others great Oppressions committed on the " Native Inhabitants, they thought it unjust to suffer " the Delinquents to pals wholly unpunished; and , " therefore they directed the Governor General and

" Council forthwith to commence a Prosecution against " the Persons who composed the Committee of Circuit, " and thfeir Representatives, and against all other proper " Parties:" — But that the Prosecutions so ordered by the Court of Directors in the Year 1778, have never been brought to Trial; and that the said Warren Hastings did, on the 23d of December 1783, propose and carry it in Council, that Orders should be given for withdrawing the said Prosecutions; declaring that he was clearly of Opinion that there was no Ground to maintain them, and that they would only be productive of Expence to the

Company, and unmerited Vexation to the Parties.

Revenues.

PART the lid.

That the said Warren Hastings has, on sundry Occasions, declared his deliberate Opinion generally against all Innovations, and particularly in the Col-3d Nov. 1771. lection and Management of the Revenues of Bengal;

that " he was well aware of the Expence and Incan-

" venience which ever attends Innovations of all Kinds,

on their First Institution. — That Innovations are *4«h oa<*er " n/zmj/s attended with Difficulties and Tnconveniencies, 1774"

" and Innovations in the Revenue with a Suspension " of the Collections: — That the continual Variations in i*dApru 1773. " the mode of collecting the Revenue, and the continual " Usurpation on the Rights of the1 People, have fixed in the Minds of the Ryots a rooted Distrust of the Ordinances of Government:’’ — That the Court of Directors 5th Feb. 17-7-have repeatedly declared their Apprehensions, " that a " hidden Transition from one Mode to another, in the 4»b July 1777Investigation and Collection of their Revenue, might have alarmed the Inhabitants, lefl’ened their Confidence in the Company’s Proceedings, and been " attended with other Evils:" — That the said Warren Hastings, immediately after his Appointment to the Government of Fort William, in April 1772, did abolish the Office of Naib DUan or Native Collector of the Revenues, then existing'That he did, at the' same Time, appoint a Committee of the Board to go on a Circuit through the Provinces, and to form a Settlement of the Revenues for Five Years: — That he did then appoint! sundry of the Company’s Servants to have the Management of the Collections, viz. One iir each District, under the Title of Collector: — That he did then abolish <he General Board of Revenue or Council at Muxadavad, for the following Realbns: " That while the controlling 3d Nor. 177*. " and executive Part of the Revenue, and the Correspondence with the Collectors, was carried on by a " Council at Muxadavad, the Members of the Administration at Calcutta had no Opportunity of acquiring " that thorough and comprehensive Knowledge, which could onfy refolt from practical Experience: That the " Orders of the Court of Directors, which established " a new Syftein, which enjoined many new Regulations " and Enquiries, could not properly be delegated to a " subordinate Council; and it became absolutely Necessary, that tire IJufinds of the Revenue should be " corrdufted under the immediate Observation and " tion of the Board1" — That, in November 1773, the said Warren Hastings abolished the Office of Collector, and transferred the Collection and Management of the Revenues to several Councils of Revenue, commonly called Provincial Councils: That, on the 24th of October 1774, the said Warren Hastings earnestly offered his Advice (to the Governor General and Council then newly appointed by Act of Parliament) for the Continuation of the said System of Provincial Councils in all its Parts: — That the said Warren Hastings did on the 22d of April 1775, transmit to the Directors a formal Plan for the future Settlement of the Revenues, and did therein declare that, " with respect to the Mode of " managing the Collection of the Revenue, and the " Administration of Justice, none occurred to him so " good as the System, which was already established, of " Provincial Councils — That, on the 18th of January 1776, the said Warren Hastings did transmit to the Court of Directors a Plan for the better Administration of Justice: That, in this Plan, the Establishment of the said Provincial Councils was specially provided for and confirmed; and that Warren Hastings did recommend it to the Directors to obtain the Sanction of Parliament for a Confirmation of the said Plan: — That on the 30th of April 1776, the said Warren Hastings did transmit to the Court of Directors the Draught or Scheme of an Act of Parliament for the better Administration of Justice in the Provinces, in which the said Establishment of Provincial Councils is again specially included, and special Jurisdiction assigned to the said Councils. That the Court of Directors^ in a Letter dated 5th of February 1777, did give the following Instruction to the Governor General and Council, a Majority of whom, viz. Sir John Clavering, Colonel Monson, and Mr. Francis, had disapproved of the Plan of Provincial

Councils:

6th Rep. Sel. Com. Page 4.

App* to 6th Rep. N° a.

2 6 Geo. III.

i>2° Ap

575

Councils: — " If you are fully convinced that the Establishment of Provincial Councils has not answered,

" nor is not capable of answering, the Purposes intended " by such Institutions, we hereby direct you to form " a new Plan for the Collection of the Revenues, and " to transmit the same to us Consideration.'' —

That the said Warren Hastings, in Contradiction to his own Sentiments repeatedly declared, and to his own Advice repeatedly and deliberately given, and in Defiance of the Orders of the Directors, to whom he transmitted no previous Communication] whatever of his Intention to abolish the said Provincial Councils, did, in the Beginning of the Year 1781, again change the whole System of the Collections of the public Revenue of Bengal, as also the Administration of Civil and

Criminal Justice throughout the Provinces. — That the said Warren Hastings, in a Letter dated 5th of May 1781, advising the Court of Directors of the said Changes, has falsely affirmed, " that the Plan of superintending " and collecting the public Revenue of the Provinces,

" through the Agency of Provincial Councils, had been " instituted for the temporary and declared Purpose " of introducing another more permanent Mode by an " easy and gradual Change — That, on the contrary, the said Warren Hastings, from the Year 1773 to the Year 1781, has constantly and uniformly infilled on the Wisdom of that Institution, and on the Necessity of never departing from it: That he has, in that Time, repeatedly advised that the said Institution should be confirmed in Perpetuity by an Act of Parliament: — That the said total Dissolution of the Provincial Councils was not introduced by any ealy and gradual Change, nor by any Gradations whatever; but was sudden and unprepared,' and instantly accomplished by a Angle Act of Power: And that the said Warren Hastings, in the Place of the said Councils, has substituted a Committee of Revenue, consisting of Four covenanted Servants, on Principles opposite to those which he, had himself professed; and with exclusive Powers, tending to deprive the Members of the Supreme Council of a due Knowledge of, and Inspection into, the Management of the Territorial Revenues, specially and unalienably veiled by the Legislature in the Governor General and Council, and to veil the same solely and entirely in the said Warren Hastings. — That the Reasons assigned, by the said Warren Hastings, for constituting the said Committee of

Revenue, are incompatible with those which he professed, when he abolished the fhbordinate Council of Revenue at Muxadavad: — That he has invelled the said Committee, in the fullest Manner, with all the Powers and Authority of the Governor General and Council: — That he has thereby contracted the whole Power and Office of the Provincial Councils into a small Compals, and veiled the same in Four Persons appointed by himself:

— That he has thereby taken the general Transaction and Cognizance of Revenue Business out of the Supreme Council: — That the said Committee are impowered to conduct the current Business of the Revenue Department, without reference to the Supreme Council, and only report to the Board such extraordinary Occurrences, Claim, and Proposals, as may require the special Orders of the Board: — That even the Inllruction to report to the Board, in extraordinary Cafes, is nugatory and fallacious, being accompanied with Limitations which make it impossible for the said Board to decide on any Quetlions whatsoever; since it is expressly provided by the said Warren Hastings, that if the Members of the Committee differ in Opinion, it is not expected that every dissentient Opinion should be recorded’, consequently the Supreme Council, oh any Reference to their Board, can fee nothing but the Resolutions or Reasons of the Majority of the Committee, without the Arguments on which the dissentient Opinions Vox,. 41.

might be founded: And since it is also expressly pro- Charge*

vided' by the said Warren Hastings, that the -aSainlt.

mutation of the Majority of the Commit should not

therefore be stayed, unless it should be so agreed by the

Majority-, that is, that, notwithstanding the Reference

to the Supreme Council, the Measure shall be executed

without waiting for their Decision. — That the said

Warren Hastings has delivered his Opinion, with many

Arguments to support the fame, in Favour of long Leases

of the Lands, in Preference to Annual Settlements; that

he has particularly declared, "that the Farmer, who 14th May 177j.

" holds his Farm for One Year only, having no Interest " in the next, takes what he can with the Hand of " Rigour, which, even in the Execution of legal Claims,

" is often equivalent to Violence. He is under the " Necessity of being rigid, and even cruel; for what is " left in Arrear, after the Expiration of his Power, is " at belt a doubtful Debt, if ever recoverable. He " will be tempted to exceed the Bounds of Right, and " to augment his Income by irregular Exactions, and " by racking the Tenants, for which Pretences will " not be wanting, where the Farms pass Annually from " one Hand to another. That the Discouragements " which the Tenants feel, from being transferred every " Year to new Landlords, are a great Objection to such " short Leases; that they contribute to injure the Cultivation, and dispeople the Lands. That, on the " contrary, from long Farms, the Farmer acquires a " permanent Interest in his Lands: He will, for his " own Sake, lay out Money in alfilling his Tenants,

" in improving Lands already cultivated, and in clear-

" ing and cultivating Waste Lands." — That nevertheless

the said Warren Hastings, having left it to the Dif- 6th Rep. p.+t,

cretion of the Committee of Revenue, appointed by

him in 1781, to fix the Time for which the ensuing

Settlement should be made; and the said Committee

having declared, that, with respect to the Period of the £pp- to D°-

Leases in general, it appeared to the Committee, that to *

limit them to One Year would be the best Period; he,

the said Warren Hastings, approved of that Limitation,

in manifell Contradi6lion to all his own Arguments,

Professions, and Declarations, concerning the fatal Consequences of Annual Leases of the Lands: — That, in so doing, the said Warren Hastings did not hold himself bound or restrained by the Orders of the Court of Directors, but acted upon his own Discretion; and that he has, for partial and interested Purposes, exercised that Discretion, in particular Inllances, against his own general Settlement for One Year, by granting perpetual Leases of Farms and Zemindaries to Persons specially favoured by him ;* and particularly by granting a perpetual Lease of the Zemindary of to his Ser-

vant Cantoo Baboo, on very low TermsThat, in all the preceding Transactions, the said Warren Hastings did aft contrary to his Duty, as Governor of Fort contrary to the Orders of his Employers, and contrary to his own declared Sense of Expediency, Confillency, and Justice; and thereby did harrass and afflict the Inhabitants of the Provinces with perpetual Changes in the System and Execution of the Government placed over them, and with continued Innovations and Exactions against the Rights of the said Inhabitants; thereby destroying all Security to private Property, and all Confidence in the Good Faith, Principles, and Justice of the British Government: And that the said Warren

Hastings, having substituted his own Instruments to be the Managers and Collectors of the public Revenue, in the Manner herein before mentioned, did aft in manifell Breach and Defiance of an Act of the 13th of His prel’ent Majesty, by which the Ordering and Government of all the Territorial Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahur, and Orissa, were vested in the Governor General and Council, without any Power of

12° Aprilis.

A. 1786.

Charges

against

Mr.Ha&ings.

of delegadog the said Trust and Duty to any other Persons; and that by such unlawful Delegation of the Powers of the Council to a subordinate Board appointed by himself, he, the said Warren Hastings, did in Effect unite and vest in his own Person the Ordering, Government, and Management of all the said Territorial Revenues: — And that, for the said illegal Act, he, the said Warren Hastings, is solely answerable, the same having been proposed and refblved in Council when the Governor General and Council consisted but of Two Persons present; namely, the said Warren Hastings, and the late Edward Wheler, Esquire; and when consequently the Governor General, by virtue of the catting Voice, possessed the whole Power of the Government — That, in all the Changes and Innovations herein-before defcrilied, the Pretence used by the said Warren Hastings, to recommend and justify the same to the Court of Directors, has been, that such Changes and Innovations would be attended with Increase of Revenue, or Diminution of Expence to the East India Company: — That such Pretence, if true, would not have been a Jultifica-tion of such Acts; but that such Pretence is false and groundleis. — That, during the Aduninistration of the said Warren Hastings, the Territorial Revenues have declined; that the Charges of collecting the fame, have greatly increased; and that the said Warren Hastings, by his Neglect, Mismanagement and by a direct and intended Waite of the Company’s Property, is chargeable with and answerable for all the said Decline of Revenue, and all the said Increase of Expence.

N* 16.

Misdemeanors in Oude.

I. That the Province of Oude, and its Dependencies, were, before their Connection with and Subordination to the Company, in a flourishing Condition with regard to Culture, Commerce, and Population, and their Rulers and principal Nobility maintained themselves in a State of Affluence and Splendour; but very shortly after the Period aforesaid the Prosperity, both of the Country and its Chiefs, began sensibly and rapidly to decline; info-much that the Revenue of the said Province, which on the lowest Estimation Had been found, in the Commencement of the British Influence, at upwards of Three Millions Sterling Annually (and that ample Revenue raised without Detriment to the Country) did not, in the Year 1779, exceed the Sum of 1,500,000l. and in the subsequent Years did fall much short of that Sum, although the Rents were generally advanced, and the Country grievously oppressed in order to rail'e it.

II. That in the aforesaid Year 1779, the Demands of the East India Company on the Nabob of Oude are Hated by Mr. Purling, their Rdident at the Court of Oude, to amount to the Sum of 1,360,000l. Sterling, and upwards, leaving (upon the Supposition that the w hole Revenue should amount to the Sum of 1,500,000 /. Sterling, to which it did not amount) no more than 140,000l. Sterling for the Support of the Dignity of the Household and Family of the Nabob, and for the Maintenance of his Government, as well as for the Payment of the public Debts due within the Province.

III. That by the Treaty of Fyzabad, a regular Bri-

Sde of the Company’s Troops, to be stationed in the ominions of the Nabob of Oude, were kept up at the Expence of the said Nabob; in Addition to which, a temporary Brigade of the same Troops was added to his Establishment, together with several detached Corps 06

in the Company’s Service, and a great Part of his own Native Troops w ere put under the Command of British Officers.

IV. That the Expence of the Company’s temporary

Brigade increased in the same Year (the Year of 1779) upwards of 80,000 /. Sterling above the Estimate; and the Expence of the Country Troops under British Offi- cers, in the same Period, increased upwards of 40,000l. Sterling; and in Addition to the aforesaid ruinous Expencesa large Civil Establishment was gradually, secretly, and without any Authority from the Court of Directors, or Record in the Books of the Council General concerning the same, formed for the Refldent, and another, under Mr. Wombwell, an Agent for the Company; as

also several Pensions and Allowances, in the same secret and clandestine Manner, were charged on the Revenues of the said Nabob, for the Benefit of British Subjects, besides large occasional Gifts to Persons in the Company’s Service.

V. That in the Month of November 1779, the said Nabob did represent to Mr. Purling, the Company’s Refldent aforesaid, the distressed State of his Revenues, in the following Terms: " During Three Years past, " the Expence occasioned by the Troops in Brigade, " and others commanded by European Officers, has " much distressed the Support of my Household, insomuch that the Allowances made to the Seraglio and " Children of the deceased Nabob have been reduced " to One Fourth of wrhat it had been, upon, which they " have subsisted in a very distressed manner for Two " Years past. The Attendants, Writers, and Servants, " 8gc. of my Court have received no Pay for Two Years " past; and there is at present no Part of the Country " that can be allotted to the Payment of my Father’s " private Creditors, whose Applications are daily pressing " upon me. All these Difficulties I have for these

Three Years past struggled through, and found this " Consolation therein, that it was complying with the " Pleasure of the Honourable Company, and in the " Hope that the Supreme Council would make Enquiry " from impartial Persons into my. distressed Situation; " but I am now forced to a Representation. From the " great Increase of Expence, the Revenues were necessarily farmed out at a high Rate-, and Deficiencies " followed Yearly. The Country and Cultivation is " abandoned, and this Year in particular, from the " excessive Drought, Deductions of many Lacks" [stated by the Refldent, in his Letter to the Board of the 13th. of the Month following, to amount to 25 Lack, or 250,000l. Sterling] " have been allowed the Farmers,

" who were still left unsatisfied.--1 have received but

" just sufficient to support my absolute Necessities, the " Revenues being deficient to the Amount of 15 Lack " [150,000l. Sterling] and for this Reason, many of the " old Chieftains, with their Troops, and the useful Attendants of the Court, were forced to leave it, and there is now only a few Foot and Horse for the " Collection of my Revenues; and should the Zemindars " be refractory, there is not left a sufficient Number to " reduce them to Obedience." And the said Nabob did therefore pray, that the Assignments for the new Brigade, the Corps of Horse, and the other detached Bodies of the Company’s Troops, might not be required from him; alledging, " That the former was not only " quite useless to his Government, but moreover the " Cause of much Loss both in the Revenues and Cufi* " toms; and that the detached Bodies of Troops, under " their European Officers, brought nothing but Confusion " into the Affairs of his Government, and were entirely " their own Matters."

- VI. That it appears that the said Nabob was not bound by any Treaty to the Maintenance, without his Consent, even of the old; the Court of

Directors

2,6 Geo. III. la®

577

Directors having, in their Letter of the 15th December 177,5, approved of keeping the same in his Service, " provided it was done with the free Consent of the " Soubah, and by no Means without it" And the new Brigade, and temporary Cprps, were raised on the

express Condfton that the Expence thereof should be charged on the- Nabob-only " long a Time as he

" should require l/te-Gfops’ for\his Service."And the

Court of Dire'Ctorsekprcft to the ^Governor General and Council their Sense'oftfidTaid Agrefeiiient in the following Terms: " But if you. intend to ‘exert your Influence, " first to induce the Vizier to acquielce in your Proposal, " and afterwards to compel him to keep the Troops, in his " Pay during your Pleasure, your Intents are unjust; " and a correspondent Conduct would reflect great " honour on the Company."

VII. That in Answer to the decent and humble

Representation aforesaid of the Nabob of Oude, the Allegations of which, so far as they relate to the distressed State of the Nabob’s Finances, and his total Inability to discharge the Demands made on him, were confirmed by the Testimony of the English Resident at Oude, and which the said Hastings did not deny, in the Whole or in any Part thereof, he the said Warren Hastings did, on Pretence of certain political Dangers, declare the Relief desired, to be " without Hesitation totally inadmissible;" and did falsely and maliciously insinuate, " that the Tone in which the Demands of the Nabob " were asserted, and the Season in which they were made, " did give Cause for the most alarming ." And

the said Warren Hastings did, in a Letter to the Nabob

aforesaid, written in haughty and insolent Language, and without taking any Notice of the Distresses of the said Nabob, alledged and verified as before recited, " require and insist upon your [the Nabob’s] granting " Tuncaws [Assignments] for the full Amount of their " [the Company’s] Demands upon you for the current

" Year, and on your reserving Funds sufficient to " answer them, even should the Deficiencies of your Re~ " venues compel you to leave your own Troops wrprovided *l for, or to disband a Part of , to enable you to " effect it."

VIII. That in a Letter, written at the same Time to the Resident Purling, and intended for his Directions in enforcing on the Nabob the unjust Demands aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings hath asserted, in direfik Contradiction to the Treaties subsisting between the said Nabob and the Company, " that he [the Nabob] stands " engaged to our Government to maintain the English

Armies, which, at his own Request, have been formed " for the Protection of his Dominions; and that it is " our Part, and not his, to judge and determine in what " Manner and at what Time these shall be reduced and " withdrawn." And in a Minute of Consultation, when the aforesaid Measure was proposed by the said Hastings to the Supreme Council, he did affirm and maintain, that the Troops aforesaid " had now no separate or distini’t Existence from ours, and may be properly said " to consist of our whole Military Establishment, with " the Exception only of our European Infantry; and " that they could not be withdrawn without imposing on " the Company the additional Burthen of them, or disbanding Nine Battalions of disciplined Sepoys, and " Three Regiments of Horse."

IX. That in the Minute of Consultation aforesaid he [the said Warren Hastings] hath further, in Justification of the violent and arbitrary Proceedings aforesaid, asserted, " that the Arrangement of Measures between the British Government and their " Allies, the Native Powers of India, tnuft, in case " of Disagreement about the Necessity thereof, be

" decided by the strongest; " and hath thereby advanced a dangerous and most indecently-expressed Postion, subversive of the Rights of Allies,- and tending to Vox.. 41.

breed War and Confusion, instead of Cordiality and Charg«« Co-operation amongst them, and to destroy all Con- a;4aml* fidence of the Princes of Ind'ut in the Faith and Wr<lJaft‘ngs. Justice of the English Nation: And the said Hastings having further, in the Minute aforesaid, presumed to threaten to " bring to Punilliment, if my Influence " [his the said Hastings's Influence] can Produce that Ef-

" lect, those Incendiaries who have endeavoured to make " themselves the Instruments of Division between us,’’ hath, as far as in him lay, obstructed the Performance of one of the most essential Duties of a Prince, engaged in an unequal Alliance with a presiding State — that of representing the Grievances of his Subjects to that more powerful State, by whole Afits they fuller; leaving thereby the governing Power in total Ignorance of the Effects of its own Measures, and to the oppressed People no other Choice than the Alternative of an unqualified Submission, or a Resistance productive of Consequences more fatal.

X. That all Relief being denied to the Nabob, in the Manner and on the Grounds aforesaid, the Demands of the Company on the said Nabob in the Year following, that is to fey, in the Year 1780, did amount to the enormous Sum of 1,400,000l. Sterling, and the Distress of the Province did rapidly increase.

XI. That the Nabob, on the 24th of February of the same Year, did again write to the Governor General, the said Warren Hastings, a Letter, in which he expressed his constant Friendship to the Company, and his Submission and Obedience to their Orders; and asserting that he had not troubled them with any of his Difficulties, trusting the y would learn them from other Quarters, and that he should be relieved by their Friendship:

" But [he fays) when the Knife hud penetrated to the " Bone, and I was surrounded with such heavy Distresses, that I could no longer live in Expectations,

" I then wrote an Account of my Difficulties. The " Answer I have received to it is such, that it has given " me inexpressible Grief and Affliction. I never had " the least Idea or Expectation from you and the " Council, that you would have given your Orders in " so afflicting a Manner, in which you never before wrote,

" and I could never have imagined. I have delivered " up all my private Papers to him [the Resident]

" that after examining my Receipts and Expences,

" he may take whatever remains. That as 1 know " it to be my Duty to fetisfy you [the Company and " Council] 1 have not failed to obey in any Instance;

" but requested of him that it might be done so as not " to distress me in my necessary Expences. There

being no other Funds but those for the Expences of " my Mutfeddies [Clerks and Accountants] Household " Expences, and Servants, <§c. he demanded these " in such a Manner, that, being remediless, I was " obliged to comply with what he required. He has " accordingly flopped the Pensions of my old Servants " for 30 Years, whether Sepoys ] Mutseddies

" [Secretaries and Accountants] or Household,

" and the Expences of my Family and Kit chert, together " with the' Jaghiresof my Grandmother, Mother, and

" Aunts, and of my Brothers and Dependants, which " were for their Support."

XII. That in Answer to the Letter aforesaid, the Resident received from the said Warren Hastings and Council an Order to persevere in the Demand to its fullelt Extent, that is to say, to the Amount of 1,400,000l.

Sterling.

XIII. That on the 15th of May the Nabob replied, complaining, in an humble and suppliant Manner, of his distressed Situation, that lie had at first opposed the assigning to the Use of the Company the Estates of his Mother, of his Grandmother, of one of his Uncles, and of the Sons of another; but that, in Obedience to the Injunctions of the Gentlemen of

7 H the -

57 s 12° -<

Charges the Council, it had been done, to the Amount, on the

!&ai"!lr Whole, of 80,000l. Sterling a Year, or thereabouts:

r. a tings, whatever £ft'efls were in the Country, with even his Table, his Animals, and the Salaries of his Servants, were granted in Alignments: That betides these, if they were resolved again to compel him to give up the Estates of his Parents and Relations, which were granted them for their Maintenance, they were at the Company’s Disposal; saying, " If the Council have directed you " to attach them, do it: In the Country no further " Sources remain. I have no Means; for I have not a Subsistence. — How long shall I dwell upon my " Misfortunes?"

XIV. That the Truth of the said Remonstrances was not disputed, nor the T in which they were written complained of, the same being lubmiffive, and even abject, though the Caule (his Distresses) was by the said Hastings, in a great Degree, and in Terms the most offensive, attributed to the Nabob himself; but no Relief was given, and the same unwarrantable Establishments, maintained at the same ruinous Expence, were kept up.

XV. That the said Warren Hastings having considered as Incendiaries those who advised the Remonstrances aforesaid, and, to prevent the same in future, lnving denounced Vengeance on those concerned therein, did, for the Purpose of keeping in his own Power all Representations of the State of the Court and Country aforesaid, and to subject both the one and the other to his own arbitrary Will, and to draw to himself and to his Creatures the Management of the Nabob’s Revenues, in Defiance of the Orders of the Court of Directors, a Second Time recall Mr. Bristow, the Company’s Resident, from the Court of Oude; having once before recalled him, as the said Directors express themselves, " without the Shadow of a Charge being exhibited " against himand having, on the Occasion and Time now stated, produced no specific Charge against the said Resident; — and he the said Hastings did appoint Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, to succeed him, it being his declared Principle, that he must have a Person of his own Confidence in that Situation.

XVI. That the said Warren Hastings, after he had refilled all Relief to the Distresses of the Nabob, in the Manner aforesaid, and had described those who advised the Representation of the Grievances of Oude as Incendiaries, did himself, in a Minute of the 21st May 1781, describe that Province " as fallen into a State of great " Disorder and Confusion, and its Resources in an extraordinary Degree diminished;" and did state, that his Presence in the said Proviuce was requested by the Nabob; and that unless some effectual Measures were taken for his Relief, he [the Nabob] must be under the Necessity of leaving his Country, and coming down to Calcutta, to represent the Situation of his Government. And Mr. Wheeler diddeclare, that the Governor General’s Representation of the State of that Province " was but " too well founded; and was convinced that it would " require his utmost Abilities and Powers, applied and " exercised on the Spot, to restore it to its former good " Order and Affluence."

XVII. That the said Warren in Confe-

quence of the Minute aforesaid, did grant to himself, and did procure the Content of his only Colleague, Edward Wheler, Esquire, to a Commission or Delegation, with Powers " to assist the Nabob Vizier in " forming such Regulations as may be necessary for " the Peace and good Order of his Government, the " Improvement of his Revenue, and the Adjustment

' " of the mutual Concerns subsisting between him " and the Company." — And in the said Commission or Delegation, he, the said Warren Hastings, did cause to he inserted certain Powers and Provisions, of a new and dangerous Nature; (that is to say) reciting tfle

04

prilis, A. 178(5*

Business before-mentioned, he did convey to himfdf such Authority to enforce the fame, as the Goiernor General and Council might or could exercise, on " Occasions in which they could be warranted to exercise " the same; and to form and conclude such several " Engagements or Treaties with theflNabob Vizier, " the Government of Berar, and with any Chiefs or " Powers of Hindostan, as Aetliyuld judge expedient " and necessary." ' Towards the Conclitfion of tire Act or Instrument aforesaid are the Words following; viz. " It is hereby declared, that all such Acts, and all " such Engagements or Treaties aforesaid, shall be " binding on the Governor General and Council in the " same Manner, and as effectually, as if they had been " done and passed by the specijic and immediate " rence and actual Junction of the Governor General and " Council, in Council assembled." And the said Powers

were, by the said Warren Hastings, given by himself and the said Wheler, under the Seal of the Company, on the 3d July 1781.

XVIII. That the said Commission, delegating to him, the said Warren Hastings, the whole Functions of the Council, is destructive to the Constilution thereof; and is contrary to the Company’s Standing Orders; and is illegal.

XIX. That in virtue of those Powers, and the illegal

Delegation aforesaid, the said Warren Hastings, after he had finished his Business at Benares, did procure a Meeting with the Nabob of Oude, at a Place called Chunar, upon the Confines of the Country of Benares, and did there enter into a Treaty, or pretended Treaty, with the said Nabob; one Part of which the said Warren Hastings did pretend was drawn up from a Series of Requisitions presented to him by the Nabob, but which Requisitions, or any Copy thereof, or of any other material Document relative thereto, he did not at tl»e Time transmit to the Presidency; the said Warren Hastings informing Mr. Wheler, that the Resident, Middleton, had taken the authentic Papers relative to this Transaction with him to Lucknow: And it does not appear that the said Warren Hastings did ever reclaim the said Papers, in order to record them at the Presidency, to be transmitted to the Court of Directors, as it was his Duty to do. 4

XX. That the Purport of certain. Articles of the said Treaty, on the Part of the Company, was, that in Consideration of the Nabob’s Imbility (which Inability the Preamble of the Treaty asserts to have been " repeatedly " and urgently represented") to support the Expences of the temporary Brigade, and of Three Regiments of Cavalry, and also of the British Officers, with their Battalions, and of other Gentlemen, who w ere then paid by him, the several Corps aforesaid, and the other Gentlemen (with the Exception of the Resident's Office, then on the Nabob's List, and a Regiment of Sepoys for the Resident’s Guard) should, after a Term of Two and a ' Half Months, be no longer at his [the Nabob’s] Charge. — "The true Meaning of this being, that no more

" Troops than One Brigade, and the Pay and Allowances " of a Regiment of Sepoys," (as aforesaid to the Resident) amounting in the Whole to 342,000l. a Year, should be paid by the Nabob. And that no Officers, Troops, or others, should be put upon the Nabobs Establishment, exclusive of those in the said Treaty stipulated.

XXI. That the said Warren Hastings did defend and justify the said Articles, in which the Troops aforesaid were to be removed from the Nabob’s Establishment, by declaring as follows: " That the actual " Disbursements to those Troops had fallen upon " our own Funds, and that we support a Body of " Troops, . established solely for the Defence of the " Nabob’s Possessions, at our own Expence. It is " true, we charge the Nabob with this Expence; but

" the

Geo. III. 12° Aprilis.

579

* the large Balance already due from' him (hews too " justly the little Prospect there was of disengaging ourselves from a Burthen which was daily adding to our " Distreifes, and mutt soon become insupportable, although it weiie granted that the Nabob’s Debt, then " suffered to accumulate, might at some future Period " be litjuidated; and that this Measure would substantially

" effect an infiant Relief to the pecuniary Distresses of " the Company."

XXII. That Nathaniel , the Resident,

did also declare, that he would at all Times testify, " that upon the Plan of the foregoing Years, the Receipts " from the Nabob were only a , and not an

" Advantage, but an Injury to the Company;" and " that a Remission to the Nabob, of this insufferable " Burthen, was a Profit to the Company." And the said Hastings did afiert, that the Force of the Company was not lessened by withdrawing the temporary Troops; although (when it suited the Purpose of the said Hastings, in denying just Relief to the Diltreffes of the said Nabob of Oude) he had not scrupled to afiert the direct contrary of the Positions by him maintained in Jultifica-tion of the Treaty of Chunar, having, in his Minute aforesaid, of the 15th of December 1779, asserted, " that these Troops" [the Troops maintained by the Nabob of Oude] " had no separate or distinct Existence, " and may be properly said to conlift of our whole " Military Establishment, with the Exception only of " our European Intantry; and that they could not be " withdrawn without imposing on the Company the " additional Burthen of their Expence, or disbanding " Nine Battalions of disciplined Sepoys, and Three " Regiments of Horse.".

XXIII. That he, the said Warren Hastings, in Justification of his Agreement to withdraw the Troops aforesaid from the Territories and Pay of the Nabob of Oude, did further declare, " that hie had been too " much accustomed to the Tales of hostile Preparation, and impending Invasions, against all the Evidence of political Probability, to regard them as " any other than Phantoms, raised for the Purpose " of perpetuating or multiplying Commands; " and he did trust " all Ideas of Danger from the neighbouring Powers was altogether visionary; and that, " even if they had been better founded, this Mode " of anticipating possible Evils would be more mischievous " than any Thing the y had Reason to apprehend," and that the internal State of the Nabob’s Dominions did not require the Continuance of the said Troops; and that the Nabob, " whose Concern it was and not ours," did affirm the fame, notwithstanding he the said Hastings had before, in Answer to the humble Supplications of the Nabob, afierted, that ‘£ it was our Part, and " not his, to judge and determine in what Manner, " and at what Time, they should be reduced or withdrawn."

XXIV. That the said Warren Hastings, in Support of his Measure of withdrawing the said Brigade and other Troops, did also represent, that " the remote " Stations of those Troops, placing the Commanding " Officers beyond the Notice and Controul of the Board, " afforded too much Opportunity and Temptation for unwarrantable Emoluments, and excited the Contagion " of Peculation and Rapacity throughout the whole " Atmy; and as an Instance thereof that a Court " Martial, composed of Officers of Rank and respectable " Characters, unanimously and honourably, " most " honourably," acquitted an Officer upon an acknowledged Fast, . which in Times of stricter Discipline " would have been deemed a Crime deserving the fevered " Punishment."

XXV. That the said Warren Hastings having in Vol. 41.

the Letter aforesaid contradicted all the Grounds and Charges Reasons by him assigned for keeping up the aforesaid Hgainl1 Establishment, and having declared his own Con- -^ir- Hastings* viction, that the Whole was a Fallacy and Imposition, and a Detriment to the Company instead of a Benefit, Circumstances (if they are true) which he might and ought to have well known, was guilty of an high Crime and Mililcmeanor, in carrying on the Impof-ture and Delulion aforesaid, and in continuing an insupportable Burthen and Grievance upon the Nabob for several Years, without attending to his repeated Supplications to be relieved therefrom, to the utter Ruin of his Country, and to the Destruction of the Discipline of the British Troops, by diffufing among them a general Spirit of Peculation; and the said Hastings hath committed a grievous Offence in upholding the same pernicious System, until by his own Confession and Declaration, in his Minute of the 21st of 1781,

" the Evils had grown to lb great an Height, that Excrtions will be required more powerful than can be " made through the delegated Authority of the Servants " of the Company now in the Province; and that he " was far from sanguine in his Expectations, that " his own Endeavours would be attended with much

" Success."

XXVI. That at the Time of making the said Treaty, and at the Time when, under Colour of the Distress of the Nabob of Oude, and the Failure of all other Means for his Relief, he the said Hastings broke the Company’s Faith with the Parents of the Nabob, and first encouraged, and afterwards compelled him to despoil them of their Landed Estates, Money, Jewels, and Houshold Goods; and while the said Nabob continued heavily in Debt to the Company, he the said Warren Hastings did, " without Hesitation," accept of, nm. and receive from, the Nabob of Oude, and his Ministers

(who are notoriously known to be not only under his Influence, but under his absolute Command) a Bribe, or unlawful Gift oY Present, of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and upwards: That even if the said pretended Gift could be supposed to be voluntary, it was contrary to the express Provision of the regulating Act of the 13th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, prohibiting the Receipt of all Presents upon any Pretence whatsoever, and contrary to his own Sense of the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, declared upon a similar but not so Itrong a Cafe; that is, where the Service done, and the Prelent offered in Return for it, had taken place before the Promulgation of the above Laws in India-, on that Occasion he declared, " that " the Exclusion, by an Act of Parliament, admitted " of no Abatement or Evasion, wherever its Authority

" extended."

XXVII. That the said Wan’en Hastings, confiding in an Interest which he supposed himself to have formed in the East India House, did endeavour to prevail on the Court of Directors to violate the said Act, and to suffer him to appropriate the Money, so illegally accepted by him, to his own Profit, as a Reward for his Services.

XXVIII. That the said Wai-ren Hastings has since declared to the Court of Directors, that when Fortune llth threw a Sum in his Way (meaning the Sum of Money above-mentioned) of a Magnitude which could not be concealed, he chose to apprize his Employers fit; thereby confessing, that but for the Magnitude of the same rendering it difficult to be concealed, he never would

have discovered it to them. And the said unlawful Present being received at the Time when, for Reasons directly contradictory of all his former recorded Declarations, he did agree to remove the aforesaid Troops from the Nabob’s Dominions, and to recall the Pensioners aforesaid, it must be presumed, that

>y

580 12° Jprilis. ' A. iq%6-

he did not agree to give the Relief (which he had before " might at once take the Country, since Justice was out Mr Haitians °hftinately refused) upon the Grounds and Motives " of the Quefiiou."

°* of Justice, Policy, or Humanity, but in Consideration of XXXII. That the said Hastings, in order to add to the Sum of Money aforesaid, which in a Time of such the Confusion, Perplexity, and Distress of the Nabob’s extreme Distress in the Nabob's Aftairs could not be Affairs, did send to his Court (in \jliich he had already rationally given, except for those and other Concessions, a Resident and Assistant Resident) Two Secret Agents, stipulated for in the said Treaty, but which had on former Major Palmer and Major and did instruct Major

Occasions been refuted. Palmer to make a Variety of new Claims, One of a

XXIX. That notwithstanding this the said Warren Loan to the Company of 600,000l. Sterling, although

Hastings's Receipt of the Prelent of 100,000l. as he well knew’ the Nabob was himself heavily in Arrear aforesaid, he did violate every one of the Stipulations to the Company, and was utterly unable to dischargo in the said Treaty contained; and particularly he did the fame, as well as in Arrear to his own Troops, and continue in the Country, and in the Service of the to many Individuals, and that he borrowed (when he Nabob of Oade, those Troops which he had so re- could at all borrow) at an Interest of near Thirty per cently stipulated to withdraw from his Country, and To this Demand was added a new Uribe or un-

to take from his Establishment; for upon the 24th of lawful Prelent to himself to the Amount of 100,000l.

December following, he did order the temporary Brigade, Sterling, which he did not refuse as unlawful, and of making 10 Battalions of 500 Men each, to be again put evil Example, but as indelicate in the Nabob’s present on the Vizier’s Lift; although he had recently informed Situation; and did, as if the same was his own Property, the Court of Directors, through Edzoard Wheler, El- presume to dispose of it, and to desire the Transfer of it, quire, that any Benefit to be derived from the Nabob’s as of his own Bounty, to the Company his Mailers, paying that Brigade was a Fallacy and a Deception, and To this Second Demand, he the said Hastings added a that the same was a Charge upon the Company, and not Third Demand of 120,000l. Sterling for Four additional an Alleviation of its Distresses, as well as an insupportable Regiments on the Nabob’s Lilt, after he had solemnly

Burthen to the Nabob. Thus having, within a short engaged to take off the Ten with which it had been Space of Time, Twice contradicted himself, both in burthened; the Whole of the Claims, through his Declaration and in Conduct. private Agent aforesaid, making the Sum of 820,000l.

XXX. That this Measure, in direct Violation of a Sterling.

Treaty of not Three Months Duration, was so injudi- XXXIII. That the Demands, Claims, made cious, that, in the Opinion of the Assistant Resident, by the said Warren Hastings upon the Government of Johnson, " nothing less than Blows could effect it." He Oude, in that Year, amounted to the enormous Sum the said Resident further adding, " that the Nabob was of 2,530,000l. Sterling, which (joined to the Arrears to " not even able to pay off the Arrears still due to it Troops, and some internal Failures, amounting to " [the New Brigade]; and that the Troops being all in 255,000l. Sterling more) the whole Charge arose to " Arrears, and no Possibility of present Payment, so 2,785,000l. Sterling, which was considerably more than " large a Body assembled here \viz.at Lucknow] w ithout double the net Produce of the Nabob’s Revenue, the " any Means to check and controul them, nothing but same only amounting to 1,450,000l. " nominal Revenue, " Disorder could follow. As One ProoHhat the Nabob " never completely realized."

" is as badly off for Funds as we are, I may inform you, XXXIV. That, towards providing for these extrathat his Cavalry rose this Day upon him, and went vagant Demands, he the said Warren Hastings did direct " all armed to the Palace, to demand from 13 to 18 and authorize another Breach of the Public Faith, given " Months Arrears, and were with great Difficulty per- in the Treaty of For whereas, by the Second

" fuaded to retire, which was probably more effected Article of the Treaty aforesaid, it was left to the Nabob’s " by a Body of Troops getting under Arms to go against Discretion, whether or not he should resume the Landed " them, than any other Consideration." But the letter Estates, called Jaghires, within his Dominions; and of Warren Hastings, Esquire, of the 24th of December, notwithstanding the said Hastings, in Defence of the said giving the above Orders for the Infraction of the Article, did declare, that the Nabob should be left to Treaty, and to which the Letter, from whence the the Exercise of his own Authority and Pleasure respect-foregoing Extracts are taken, is an Answer, doth not ing them, yet he the said Hastings did authorize a violent appear, any otherwise than as the same is recited in the Compulsion to be used towards the said Nabob, for said Answer. accomplishing an universal Confiscation of that Species

XXXI. - That notwithstanding the Disorders and of Landed Property; and in so doing he did also compel Deficiencies in the Revenue aforesaid had continued the Nabob to break his Faith with all the Landholder and increased, and that Three very iarge Balances of that Description, not only in violating the Assurance had accumulated, the said Warren Hastings did cause of his own original Grants, but his Assurance recently the Treasury Accounts at Calcutta to be examined given, when being pressed by the Company, he [the and ferutinized, and an Account of another Arrear, Nabob] had made a temporary Seizure of the Profits of composed of various Articles, pretended to have ac- the Lands aforesaid, in the Manner of a compulforv cumulated during Seven Years previous to the Loan, for the Re-payment of which he gave his Bonds Year 1779 (the Articles composing which, if they and Obligations; and although he had at the same Time had been just, ought to have been charged at, the solemnly pledged his Faith, that he never would again Times they severally became due) was sent to the resort to the like oppressive Measure, yet he the said Resident, and Payment thereof demanded, to the Warren Hastings did caul'e him to be compelled to con-Amount of 260,000l. Sterling; which unexpected fifeate the Estates of at least Sixty-fevc-n of the principal Demand, in so distressed a Situation, did not a little Persons of his Country, comprehending therein his own embarrass the Nabob. But whilst he, and his Minis- nearest Relations, and the ancient Friends and Depen-ters, were examining into the said unexpected De- dants of his Family: The Annual Value of the said mand, another, and Fifth Balance, made up of similar Estates thus confiscated, amounting to 435,000l. Ster-forgotten Articles, was demanded, to the Amount of ling, or thereabouts, upon an old Valuation, but stated 140,000l. Sterling more. Which said Tw’o lal’t De- by the Resident Middleton as being found to yield con-mands did so terrify and confound the Nabob, and fiderably more.

his Ministers, that they declared that the Resident XXXV. That the violent and unjust Measure

aforesaid,

Charges

against

iS Geo. III.

i a* Aprilis.

afore laid, fubveffive of Property, utterly destructive of several ancient and considerable Famines, and most; dif-honourable to the British Government, did produce an universal Discontent, and the greatest Confusion throughout the whole Country; the said confiscated Lands being on this Occasion put to Rack Rents, and the People grievously oppressed. And to prevent a Possibility of Redress, at least for a considerable Time, the said con* lifcated Estates were mortgaged (it appearing otherwise impracticable to make an Approach towards satisfying the exorbitant Demands of the said Hastings') for a great Sum, to certain usurious Bankers or Mooey Dealers at Benares.

XXXVI. That besides thele enormous Demands,

which were in Part made for the Support of several Corps of Troops under British Officers, which, by the Treaty of Chunar, ought to have been removed, very large extra Charges, not belonging to the Military Lilt of the said Nabob, and several Civil Charges and Pensions were continued, and others newly put on, since the Treaty of Chunar;namely, an Allowance to Sir Eyre Coote of 15,554 Rupees per Month (being upwards of 18,664/. Sterling a Year) and an Allowance to Trevor Wheler, Esquire, of 5,000 Rupees per Month (or

6,000l. Sterling, and upwards, a Year) and the Whole of the settled Charges, not of a Military Nature, to British Subjects, did amount to little left than 140,000 Yearly; and if other Allowances, not included in the Estimate, were added, would greatly exceed that Sum, besides much more which may jultiy be suspected to have been paid, no Part whereof had at that Time been brought forward to any public Account.

XXXVII. That the Commander of One of these

Corps, of whole Burthen the said Nabob did complain, was Lieut. Colonel Alexander Hannay, who did farm the Revenues of certain Distri&s, called Baraitch and Gorachpore, which the said in the 9th Article

of his Instructions to Mr. Bristow, did estimate at 33 Lacks of Rupees, or 230,000 /. per Am.; but under his, the said Hamay\ Management, the Collections did very

greatly decline; Complaints were made that the Countries aforesaid were harrafied and oppressed, and the same did fall into Confusion — and, at last, the Inhabitants broke out into a general Rebellion.

XXXVIII. That the far greater Part of the said

heavy Lilt was authorized or ordered, by him the said Warren Hastings, for the Pur pole of extending his

own corrupt Influence. For it doth appear, that at the Time when he did pretend, in Conformity to the Treaty of Chunar aforesaid, to remove the Company’s Servants, " Civil and Military, from the Court and " Service of the Vizier," he did afiert, that be thereby did " diminish his awn Influence, as well as that of his Colleagues, by narrowing the Line of Patronage;" which proves, that the Offices, Pensions, and other Emoluments aforesaid, in were of his Patronage, as his Patronage could not be diminished by taking away the said Offices, fyc. unlefe the same had been substantially of his Gift; and be did, at the Time of the pretended Reformation aforesaid, express both his Knowledge of the Existence of the said excessive and abusive Establishments, and his Scnfc of his Duty in taking them away; for in agreeing to the Article in the Treaty of Chunar, for abo-lishing the said Establishments, he did declare bim-self " actuated solely by Motives of Justice to the " Nabob, and a Regard to the Honour of our National Character ;"and, according to his own Representation, the said Servants of the Company, Civil and Military, " by their Numbers, their Influence, " and the enormous Amount of their Salaries, Pensions, and Emoluments, were an intolerable Bur- " then on the Revenues and Authority of the Vizier;

Vo l.41.

" and exposed us to die Enoy <tnd Besenlment of the Charge*

" whole Country, by excluding the native Servants and against " Adherents of the Vizier from the Rewards of their Mr. Hall ing*. " Services and Attachment."

XXXIX. That the Revenue of the Country being anticipated, mortgaged, and dilapidated by the Counsel, Concurrence, Connivance, and Influence, and often by the direct Order of the said Warren Hastings, the whole Civil Government, Magistracy, and Administration of Justice, gradually declined, and at Length totally ceased, through the Whole of the vast Provinces which compose the Territory of Oude; and no Power was visible therein, but that of the Farmers of the Revenue, attended by Bodies of Troops to enforce the Collections; inso much that Robberies, Assassinations, and Acts of every Description of Outrage and Violence, were perpetrated with Impunity; and even in the capital City of Lucknow, the Seat of the Sovereign Power, there was no Court of Justice whatever to take Cognizance of such Offences.

XL. That the said Warren Hastings, when he did interfere in the Government of Oude, was obliged by his Duty to interfere for the good Purposes of Government, and not merely for the Purpose of extorting Money therefrom, and enriching his own Dependants, which latter Purpose alone he did effect in the Manner before-mentioned, but not One of the former. For the said Hastings having procured the extraordinary Powers given by and to himself by his Delegation of the 3d of July 1781, did declare the same to be for the Purpose, among many others, " ofaffifting the Nabob Vizier " in forming such Regulations as may be necessary for " the Peace and gpod Order of his Government, and " the Improvement of his Revenue." And in Consequence of the said Powers the said Warren Hastings did, in the Treaty of Chunar, obtain an Article from the Nabob, by which the said Nabob did promise to attend to his Advice in the Reformation of his Civil Administration; and be did give certain Instructions to the Resident Middleton, to which he did require him to yield the most implicit Obedience’, and did in One Article thereof direct him to urge the Nabob to endeavour gradually, if it could not be done at once, to establish Courts of Adewlet [Justice] and that the Darogas [Chief Criminal Magistrates] Moulabies [Consulting or Amstant Lawyers] and other Officers, should be Jelected by the Ministers, with his, the Resident’s, Concurrence: And afterwards, in his Instructions to the Resident Bristow, desiring him to pursue the fiune Object, he declared his Opinion, " that tl^e Want of such Courts, and the " extreme Licentiousness occasioned thereby, is One " of the most disreputable Pefects in his Highness the " Nabob’s Government And that while they do " not exist, every Man knows the Hazard which he " incurs in lending his Money." But he did give him the said Resident no positive Instruction concerning the lame, supposing the Establishment of such Courts a Matter of Difficulty; and did therefore leave him a Latitude in his Proceedings therein.

XLI. That the said Resident Bristow did, however, in Conformity to the said Instructions, at last given with such Latitude, endeavour to prevail on the said Mmilter gradually to introduce Courts of Justice for the Cognizance of Crimes, by beginning to establish a Criminal Court under a native Judge, to judge according to the Mahomedan Law in the City of Lucknow.

But Hyder Beg Khan, a Minister of the said Warren

Hasting’s Nomination, and solely dependent upon him, did elude and obstruS, and in the End totally defeat the Establishment of the lame.

XLII. That the Obstruction aforesaid, and the evil Consequences thereof, were duly represented to the said Hastings', and though the lain Hastings had

71 nwuk

58 4 i i* Aprilis. A. 1786.

Chaise* made it the Fourth Article of a Criminal Charge against which he a fleets he has the 'Feftimony of several Wit*

Mr Walti Fefident Middleton, " that he did not report to the nesses, " that they had the Destruction of Colonel.

r‘ *n®s* " Governor General, or to the Board, the Progress and the Officers under his Command, as their

" which he had made from Time to Time in his Endea- " immediate Object, and ultimately the Extirpation of " yours to comply with his Instructions; and that, if he " the English Influence and Power throughout all the met with any Impediments in the Execution of them, " Nabobs Dominionsand that they did (till per-,x he had omitted to state those Impediments, and to severe in their rebellious Conduct without Deviation,

" apply for freth Orders upon them;" — yet he the " though the Nabob’s, and notour Government, was said Hastings did give no Manner of Support to the " then the Object of it." And he did direct the said Resident Bristow against the said Hyder Beg Khan, and Resident, that if it should appear, " on a fair and regu-did not even answer several of his Letters, the said " tar that their Conduct towards the Nabob

Bristow's Letters, stating the said Impediments, or take " had been such as it had been reported to be, to insist any Notice of his Remonstrances; but did at Length " upon the Nabob’s punishing them with Death; and revoke his own Instructions, declaring that he, the said " to treat with the same Rigour every Zemindar, and Resident, should not presume to act upon the same; and " every Subject, who shall be the Leader in a Rebellion yet did not furnish him with any others upon which he " against his Authority."

might aft, but did uphold the said Hyder Beg Khan XLV. That the Crime of the said Hastings, in his in the Obstruction by him given to the Performance of the Procedure aforesaid, was further highly aggravated by first and fundamental Duty of all Government; namely, his having received Information of several striking Cir-the Administration of Justice, and the Protection of the cumstances, which strongly indicated the Necessity of a Lives and Property of the Subject against Wrong and regular Magistracy and a legal Judicature, from the total Violence. Failure of Justice, affecting not only the Subjects at

XLIII. That the said Hastings did afterwards pro- large, but even the reigning Family itself; as also of the

ceed to the Length of criminating the Resident Bristow Caules why no legal Magistracy could exist, and why the aforesaid, for his Endeavours to establish the said necef- Princes of the reigning Family were not only exposed fary Court, as an Invasion of the Rights of the Nabob’s to the Attacks of Assassins, but even to a Want of the Pro-Government; when, if the Nabob, in his own proper testion which might be had from their Servants and At-Person and Character, and riot the aforesaid Hyder Beg tendants, who were driven from their Masters for Want (who was a Creature of the said Hastings) had opposed of that Maintenance which the Princes their Mailers the Re-establishment of Justice in the said Country, it could not procure even for themselves. And the Cir-was the Duty of the said Hastings to have pressed the cumstances aforesaid were detailed to him the said Has-fame upon him by every Exertion of his Influence. And by the Resident ,in a Letter from Lucknow,

the said TVarren Hastings, in his pretended Attention dated the 29th January 1784, to the Governor General to the Nabob’s Authority, when exercised by his the the said Warren Hastings, and the Council of Bengal, said Hasting’s Minister, to prevent the Establishment of in the Terms following:

Courts of Justice for the Protection of Life and Pro- " The frequent Robberies and Murders perpetrated

perty, at the same Time that he did not hesitate, in the " in his Excellency’s the Vizier’s Dominions have been too same of the Confiscation of the Jaghires, and the Pro- " often the Subject of my Representations to your Ho-ceedings against the Mother and Grandmother of the " nourable Board. From the Total Want of Police,

Nabob, totally to supersede his Authority, rind to force " hardly a Day elapses but I am informed of so.ne tra-his Inclinations in Acts which overturned all the Laws of " gical Event, whereof the bare Recital is shocking Property, and offered Violence to all the Sentiments of " to Humanity. About Two Months since an Attempt natural Affection and Duty; and accusing at the same " was made to assassinate Rajah Ticket , the Acting Time his Instruments for not going to the utmost Lengths " Minister s confidential Agent; but he happily escaped in the Execution of his said Orders, is guilty of an High " unhurt. Nabob Behadre, his Highness's Brothei', has

Crime and Misdemeanor. " not been so fortunate, as will appear from Transla-

XLIV. That the said Hastings did highly aggravate " tions of Two of his Letters to me, N* 1, which I his Offence, in discontinuing and discouraging the " have the Honour to enclose for your Information. Re-establishment of Magistracy, Law, and Order, in " Although my Feelings are sensibly hurt, and my the Country of Oude, inasmuch as he did, in the Eighth " Compassion strongly excited by the disgraceful and Article of his Instructions to the Resident, order him " miserable State of Poverty to which his Excellency's to exercise Powers which ought to have been exercised " Brothers are reduced, yet, situated as I am, it is not in by lawful Magistrates, and in a Manner agreeable to " my Power to interfere with Effect. My Efforts on a Law. And in the said Article he did state the Pre- " former Occasion failed of Succeis, and my Interposition valence of Rebellion in the said Country of Oude, as " notv would only excite the Resentment of the Minister if Rebellion could exist in a Country in which there " towards the unhappy Sufferers, in Consequence of was no Magistracy, and no Protection for Life or " their Application to alone, however,

Property, and in which the Native Authority had no " they hope for Relief Jrom their present Distress; Force whatever; and in which he himself Hates the " which, their near Connection with the Vizier confi-Exercise of British Authority to be an absolute Ufur- " dered, is both (hameful and unprecedented. That no pation: And he did accordingly direct a rigorous " regular Courts of Justice have been established in

Prosecution against the Offence of Rebellion under " this Country is particularly pointed at in my In-such Circumstances, but " with a fair and impartial " structions as the most dilreputable Defect in his " Enquirywhen he did not permit the Establish- " Highness’s Government; yet the Minister seems ment of those Courts of Justice and Magistracy, by " determined on abolishing even the Shadow of so which alone Rebellion could be prevented, or a fair " necessary an Institution. The Office of Chief Just and impartial Enquiry relative to the same could be " tice, as held by Morobine, was ever nuga-

had. And particularly he did instruct the said Refi- " tory; but now it is funk into the lowest Contempt, dent to obtain the Nabob’s Order for employing feme " The original Establishment, inadequate as it was, sure Means for apprehending certain Zemindars, and " is mouldering away, and the Officers now attached particularly Three, in the Instruction named, whom "to it are literally starving, as no Part of their Al-fie the said Hastings did cause, upon what he calls " lowance has been paid for above Six Months past. good Information, founded upon feme Fasts, to " He himself has proposed to relign his Appointment,

" being

*^.0 ne

6 Geo. III. t 2° Aprilis. 583

« being every Way precluded from a Possibility of " exercising the Duties of it."

XLVI. That it appears by the said Letter, and the Papers therewith trani'mitted, as well as other Documents in the said Correspondence, that in Consequence of the Distress brought upon the Nabob’s Finances, certain of the Princes his Brethren, the Children of Sujah ul Dcrwla, the late Sovereign of the Country, were put

upon Pensions unsuitable to their Birth and Rank, and by the Mifinanagement of the Minister aforesaid (appointed by the said Warren Hastings) for Two Years together no considerable Part of the said inadequate Pension was paid; and not being able to maintain the Attendants necessary for their Protection in a City in which all Magistracy and Justice was abolished, they were not only liable to suffer the greatest Extremities of Penury, but their Lives were exposed to the Attempts of Afl'affins. The Condition of One of the said Princes, called the Nabob Bahadur, being by himself strongly expressed in Three Letters to the said Resident Bristow, the First dated the 28th of 1783; the

Second, the 7th of January 1784; and the Third, the 15th of January 1784; which Letters were duly transmitted in the Dispatch of the 29th of the same Month, to Warren Hastings, Esquire, and are as follow:

" Your own Servant carried you the Account of " what he himself was an Eye Witness to, after the

Affair of last Night. These arc the Particulars: — " About Midnight my Aunt received Twelve Wounds " from a Russian, of which she died. I also received " Six successive Stabs, which alarmed the People of the " House, who let up a Shouting; whereupon the Alfaffin " run off. Besides being zeith Food, or the Means of " providing any, this Misfortune has befallen me. I am xi desirous of sending the Coffin to your Door. It is your Duty, both for the Sake of God and of Christ, " to execute Justice, and to enquire what Harm I have " done to the Murderer sufficient to deserve Assassination, or even Injury. You now stand in the Place of " his Excellency the Vizier. I request you will do me " Justice. What more can I say ?"

P. S. "I am also delirous to shew you my

Wounds."

From the fame, 29th January 1784.

" You have been duly informed of all the Circum- fiances relative both to the Murder of the Innocent, " and of my being wounded, as well by my former 4i Letter, as by the Messenger whom you lent to enquire into the State of my Health; and I have every " Reason to hope, from your known Kindness, that you " will not be deficient in seeking out the Alfaffin. I am " at this Moment ocerzchelmed in Misfortune. Whilst the Blood is flowing from my Wounds, neither I, nor my Children, nor my Servants, have to

" procure Subsistence; nor have I it in my Power either " to purchase Remedies, or to reward the Physician — " Yts for the Sake of God alone that he attends " Thus loaded with Calamity upon Calamity, I am unable to support Life, for I find no Relief from any " Affliction either Day or Night. Do you nowstand in the Place of my Father; grant me freffl Life by speedy Acte of Benevolence.

" For these Two last Years his Excellency efta-! blished a Pension for me of Twenty thousand Rupees; " but I never received the full Amount of it, either last " Year or the Year before. Should it, however, be " paid me, though inadequate to my Desires, I shall ltill M be enabled to support myself. From the Beginning . Voi.. 41.

" of this Year to the present Time I have not received Charges " a Farthing, nor do I expect any, though if you *gaiuft " afford Protection to the Oppressed, all my Wilhes Mr. Halting*, " will be accomplHhed. I was delirous of waiting On " you with my Family, that you might be an Eye Witness to their Condition; but I was advised not to stir " out on Account of my Wounds. What more can " I say?"

The following Extracts are made from the Third Letter from the same Prince; dated January 15, 1784.

" The Particulars of the late and unforeseen Mis for-x‘ tune with which I have been overwhelmed, are not unknown unto you; that the innocent Blood of my " Aunt, the Prop and Ruler of my Family, was Ihed,

" and in the same Manner I too was wounded. Until " now I feel the Pain and Affliction of my Wounds; and " no Person has regarded my Solicitations for Redress,

" sought after the Assassin, and brought him to condign " Punishment, yourself excepted." — " In like Manner,

" as the Honourable Governor General has adopted " my Brother Saadut Ally Cawn for his Son, and relieved him from the Vexation, Affliction, and Depend-xc ence of this Place, would it be extraordinary that you <* also should, in your Bounty arid Favour, consent to u adopt me, who do not possels the Necessaries of Life,

" and permit me to attend you to whatever Part of the " World you may travel, whereby I shall at all Times " derive Honour and Advantage ? Formerly us Three " Brothers, Saadut Ally, Mirza Jungly, and I, the poor " and oppressed, were, in the Presence of our blessed " Father, whose Soul rests in Heaven, treated alike.

" Now the Ministers of this Government put me upon " a Footing with our younger Brothers, who have lately " left the 2!enana, and whose Expences are small. On " this Scale, which is in every Respect insufficient for " my Maintenance, they pay the pitiful Allowance only " zohen it is their Pleasure to do it. My Situation has

" for Years past been increasing in Wretchedness, to a " Degree that I am in Want of daily and my

" Servants and Animals are dying of Hunger. My Distresses are so great that I have not been able to pay " a Daum to the Surgeons for the Cure of my v and they too are discouraged from affording me their " Assistance, or furnishing me with Medicines. How " then is it possible for me to exist? Considering you as my Patron, participating in my Afflictions, I have " represented the Circumstances concerning my Situation; and I hope, from your Friendship, that you will " honour me with a favourable Answer."

XLVII. The Resident Bristow did also receive a strong Application, from Three others of the Brethren of the reigning Sovereign, called Mirza Hyder Ali,

Mirza Ennayut Ali, ana Mirza Syef Ali, representing their very pitiable Caie, in a Letter of the 9th of March 1783-, in which, among other Particulars, are contained the following:

" Our Situation is not fit to be represented. For 11 Tzoo Years we have not received a Hubba on Account " of our Tuncaw [Assignment on the Revenue] though " the Ministers have Annually charged a Lack of Rupees,

" and never paid us any Thing. After all, we are the,

" Sons of Sujah ul Dowla ! It is surprising, having such " a Friend as you, our Situation is arrived at that Pass,

" that we should be in Distress for dry Bread and " Cloaths. Whereas you have done many generous " Acts, be pleased so to shew us your Favour, that by some Means we may receive our Allowances from the Company's Treasury, and not be obliged to depend " upon, and solicit, others for it."

XLVIII. That One of the Princes aforesaid, called

the

i a* Aprilis. A. 178(5.

barges the Mirza Jungly, about the Beginning of the Year

ainst 1783, was obliged to fly from the Dominions of the

.Haftmgs. Xabob of Oude, and to leave his Country and Connections, and as the llefident , writing from Luck-

now, hath observed, " he went to try his Fortune at " other Courts, in Preference to starving at home,

" which might have been his Fate, by all Accounts, at " this Place." And the said Prince fought for Succour at the Court of One of the neighbouring Mahomcdan Princes; but conceiving some Diiguft at the Treatment he met with there, he departed from thence, and on the 8th of February 1783 arrived at the Maratta Camp, while David Anderson, Esquire, was there, in the Character of Minister Plenipotentiary to the Company, with a View, if his Reception there should not prove answerable to his Wilhes, to pass on to the Southward. And the said Anderson, probably considering this Event as of very great Importance to the Honour of the British Government, as well as to its Interest, on the one Hand, by exhibiting the Son and Brother of a Sovereign Prince, from whom the Company had received many Millions of Money, a Fugitive from his Country, and a Wanderer for Bread through the Courts of; and on the other, the Consequences which might arise from the Marattas having in their Possession, and under their Influence, a Son of the late Nabob of Oude, did without Delay advise Warren Hastings, Esquire, of the Event aforesaid; and he did also write to Mr. the

Iielident at the Court of the Nabob Vizier, federal Letters of the 9th and 20th of February, and of the 6th of March, and 6th of April 1783, in order that l'oine Steps should be taken for his Return, and Establishment in his own Country. And the said Anderson did inform the Resident Bristow, in his Letter aforesaid, that on the Arrival of the fugitive Prince, Brother of the reigning Sovereign of Oude, at the Maratta Camp, he did cauie his Tent to be pitched dole to that of Mr. Anderson; but finding this not agreeable to the Maratta General, Scindia, he afterwards removed; and that he shewed a strong Attachment to the English, and was inclined to throw himself upon their Generality j that he was desirous of going to Calcutta; and declared, that if he, the said Anderson, " would give him the smallest Encourage- ment, he would quit all his Followers, and come alone,

" and would take up his Residence under his Protection." And the said Anderson did declare, that he thought it " would be Policy, and much to the Credit of our " Government, that some Provision should be made for " Mirza Jungly in our Territories."

XLIX. That the said did represent the aforesaid Circumstances to Hyd Beg Minister to the

Nabob of Oude, declaring it his Opinion, "that his " Highness’s Brothers thus taking Refuge with a Foreign " Prince is a Reflection upon the Vizier, and it would " be adviseable that an Allowance should be granted to " him, upon the Footing of his Brothers, that he might remain in the Presence." But the Nabob was in-

duced to refuse to his Brother any Offer of any Allowance beyond the Two hundred Pounds per Month, allowed, but not paid, to his other Brothers; and which the said Prince did observe to Mr. Anderson, that it " was not only inadequate to his Expences, but infinitely " lets (as the Truth was) than what his Excellency has settled on many Persons of inferior Rank, who have not so good a Claim to his Support; and that it would " not be sufficient to enable him to live at Lucknow, " where all his Friends and Relations were, and so " many of his Inferiors lived in a State of Affluence." In case, therefore, it could not be increased, he requested Leave to live in the Company’s Provinces, or at Calcutta, for that in any of these Situations " he could with |e(s Difficulty regulate his Expences." And he did declare, that if his Request was granted to him, he would 02

immediately quit all his Prospects with Scindia. To theie Propositions he received a very difeou raging Answer from his Brother’s Minister, containing a positive and final Refusal of any Increase of Allowance, obtaining only the Nabob’s rermission to retire into the Company’s Provinces: But Mr. Anderson did not think himself authorized to take any Steps for the Prince’s Retreat into the said Province, without Concurrence, who, he observed, would use every Art to detain him; and accordingly did offer him the Command of a Battalion of Infantry to be paid direfitly from his own Treafery, and 6,000l. Sterling a Year for keeping up a Corps of Horse, and to settle upon him a Landed Estate of 4,000l. a Year as a Provision for his Wife and Children; which honourable Offers it appears he did accept, and did and doth remain in the Maratta Service.

L. That during the whole Course of this Transafilion the said Warren Hastings was duly advised thereof, first by a very early Letter from the said Anderson, and afterwards by the Resident Bristow, who, on the 23d of April 1783, transmitted to him his whole Correspondence with Mr. Anderson. But what Answer or Instrufilions the said Warren Hastings did give to Mr. Anderson, does not appear, he not having recorded any Thing upon that Subject. But it appears, that to the Resident Bristow, who required to be informed whether the Reception of the fugitive Prince aforesaid in the Company’s Provinces would meet his Approbation, he gave no Answer whatsoever; by which criminal Neglect, or worse, with regard to a Brother of an Ally of the Company, who shewed a strong Attachment and Preference to the English Nation, and by suffering him, without any known Effort to prevent it, to attach himself to the Cause and Fortunes of the Marattas, who he, the said Hastings, well knew did keep up Claims upon several Parts of the Dominions of Oude, and had with Difficulty been persuaded to include the Nabob in the Treaty of Peace, and suffered him first to languish at Home in Poverty, and then to fly Abroad for Subsistence, and afterwards took no Step, and countenanced no Negotiations for his Return from his dangerous Place of Refuge, at the same Time that several of his the said Hasting's Creatures, had each of them Allowances much more considerable than would have sufficed for the Satisfaction and Comfort of him the said fugitive Prince — was guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanor.

LI. That the indigent Condition before related of the other Brothers of the Nabob, was also duly transmitted to the said Warren Hastings, but he did never order or direct any Steps whatsoever to be taken towards the Relief of the Family of a reigning Prince, who were daily in Danger of perishing by Famine, through the Effect of hi? Measures, and those of a Person whom he supported in Power, against the Will and Inclinations of the said Prince and his Family.

LII. That the foregoing Instances of the Penury, Diff tress, Difperiion, and Exne of the reigning Family, as well as the general Disorder in all the Affairs of Oude, did strongly enforce the Necessity of a proper Use of the British Influence (the only real Government then exilting) in the Proviuce aforesaid, for a Regulation of the Oeeo-nomy of the Vizier’s Court, as well as for the proper Administration of the public Concerns, Civil and Military, which were in the greatest Disorder; and the said Warren Hastings was under Obligation to provide for the fame, and did himself understand it to be his Duty io to do; and that he was therein warranted by the Spirit of the Treaty of Chumr, as well as by other universal Powers of Controul, and even of Superceffion, supposed by him to exist in the Relation between the British Government and that of Oude, and accordingly he did, in his Instructions to the Resident Middleton, to which he

required

i6 Geo. -Ill* ia° dprilis.

required his most implicit Obedience, direct him to an Interference in and Controul upon all the Affairs concerning the Revenues, the Military Arrangements, and all the other Branches of the Nabob’s Government.

LIII. That upon his Recall of the said Middleton, he, in his Instructions to the Resident dated 23d

of October 4781, did at large set forth the Situation of the Court and Government of the Situation and

Character of tho Nabob, of the acting Minister, and of the British Resident at that Court; and did plainly, dif-tinctly, and- without Reserve, describe the Extent of the Authority to be exercised by the last of tlftTe Persons, as well as the unqualified Compliance to be expected from the Two former. And he did accordingly declare that . " from the Nature of our Connection the -

" ment of Oude, and from the Nabob’s Incapacity, a " Necessity will for ever eaist,w hile we have the Claim " of a Subsidy upon the Relburees of his Country, of " exercising an Influence, and frequently substituting it " ENTIRELY, in the Place an avowed and Constitutional Authority in the Administration of his (the " Nabob's} Government and he di 1 further in the said Instructions, namely, in Instruction the Fourth, direct the said Resident iii the Words following: — " I " muff have Recourse to you for the Introduction of a new System in that Government; nor can I omit, whill’t I express my Reliance on you for that Purpose, to repeat the Sentiments which I expressed in the " verbal Instructions which I gave you at your Departure, that there can be no Medium in the Relation tween the Resident and the Minister, hut either the uResident must be the Slave and Vassal of the Minister, " or the Minister at the absolute 'Disposal of the -" dent." And he the said Hastings did state, in the same Article of the Instructions. aforesaid, that though the Conduct of the said llyder Beg Khan had been highly represensible, and that he was much displeased thereat, he would prefer him to any other, on Account of his Ability and Knowledge of Business, with the following Proviso, " if he would submit to hold his Office on such Conditions as I require. He exists by his ‘Dependence on the Influence of our Government. It muff " be advisable to try him by the Mode of Conciliation; " at the same Time that in your final Conversation with " him it will be necessary to declare to him, in the " plainest Terms, the Footing and Condition on which " he shall be permitted to retain his Place; with the " Alternative of a Dismisslon, and a Scrutiny into his " Conduct, if he refuses it. In the First Place, I will " not receive from the Nabob, as his, Letters dictated " by the Spirit of Opposition; but shall consider every " such Attempt as an Insult on our Government. In " the Second Place, I shall expect that nothing is done " in his Official Character but with your Knowledge and Participation."

LIV. That the said Hastings having described, in the Manner aforesaid, the relative Situation of the Reli-dent and the Minister, he did state also the relative Situation of the said Minister and his Master the Nabob, declaring, " that the Minister did hold without Controul " the unparticipated and entire Administration, with all the Powers annexed to that Government; the Nabob " being, as he ever must be in the Hands of some " son, a mere Cypher in his" [the Minister’s]. And having thus stated the Subordination of the Minister to the Resident, and the Subordination of the Nabob to the Minister, he did naturally declare, " that the first " Share of the Responsibility would rest upon the said " Resident" And he did further declare, " that the " other Conditions did follow distinctly in their Places, " because he did consider the Resident as i%esponsible for " them."

LV. That for the Direction of the Resident in the Vo l.41.

Exercise of so erilical a Trust, wherein all the true and Charges substantial Powers of Government were in an inverted Relation and Proportion to the Official and oltenfible ‘ r' " in®*' Authorities, and which the said Hastings did suppose the Necessity constantly existing for exercising an Influence, and frequently for substituting entirely the British Authority " in the Place of the avowed and constitutional " Government," he, the said Hastings, did properly leave to the Resident a discretionary Power for his Deviation from any Part of his Instructions; interposing a Caution for his Security and Direction, that as much as he could, he would leave the Subject free for his [the said Hastings's] Correction of it; and would instantly

inform him, or the Board, according to the Degree of its Importance, with his Ileafons for it.

LVI. That besides the Institution of the Courts of Justice, as before recited. Four other principal Objects in the Reformation of the Affairs of Oude, were expressly recommended to the Residents Middleton and Bristow, and must be understood to be the Conditions upon which the said Hastings must have meant to have it understood that the acting Minister of Oude was to hold his Employment; namely, the Limitation of the Nabob's Personal Expences; the Reduction of the Nabob’s Troops in Number, and the Change in Arrangement; the Appointment of proper Collectors for the Revenues; and the Appointment of proper Officers for all Parts of the executive Administration.

LVII. That she First Object, namely, that of the Limitation of the Nabob’s personal Expences, and lepa-rating them from the public Establishments, he, the said Hastings, did state as the First and fundamental Part of his Regulation, and that upon which all the others would depend; and did declare, " that in order " to prevent the Vizier’s Alliance from being a Clog " instead of an Aid to the Company, that the most "essential Part is to limit and separate his personal " Disbursements from the Public Accounts: They " must not exceed what he has received in any of the " last Three Years." And as to the Public Treasury and Disbursements, he the said Hastings did, in the said Instructions, wholly withdraw them from the personal Management or Interference of the Nabob, and did expressly order and direct, " that they should " be under the sole Management of the Ministers,

" with the Resident’s Concurrence." And on the Appointment of the Resident Bristoxv, in October 1782, he the said Hastings did order and direct him in every Point of the Instructions to Middleton, not revoked or qualified by his then InstruCiious, his [the said Resident Bristow's] " most attentive and literal " Obedience."

LVIII. That the said Resident Bristow did, in Consequence of the Renewal to him of the said Instructions as aforesaid, endeavour to limit and put in Order the Nabob’s Expences; but he was in that Particular traversed and counteracted, and in the End wholly defeated, by the Minister Hyder Beg KMn. And though the Obstructions aforesaid, agreeably to the Instructions given to Middleton, and to him the said,

were represented to the said JYurren Hastings, by the Resident aforesaid, yet the said Warren Hastings did give no Kind of Support to the said Resident, or take any Steps towards enabling him, the said Resident, to effectuate the said necessary Limitation and Distribu-tiort of Expences, by himself the said Hastings ordered and prescribed; nor, if he disapproved the Proceedings of the said Resident, did he give him any Instruction for the Forbearance of the fame, or for the exerting his Duty in any other Mode; r.or did he call for any Ulustration from him of any Thing doubtful in his Correspondence, nor state to him any Complaint made privately of his Conduct, in order to receive thereon

7 K . an

5 8*

i a* Jprilis.

A. 1786,

Charge* an Explanation; but be did leave him to pursue, at his SWHlfthe Discretion, the extensive Powers before described, to r. arnnga. e^pe^ jj,e Reformation which he was directed to accomplish, under the Responsibility denounced to him as aforesaid, if he should fail therein, as he was supposed to be substantially invested with all the Powers of Government.

LIX. That instead of the said Support or Instruction, he the said Hastings did countenance, or more probably cause or direct a Representalion to be made to him by the acting 'Minister of the Nabob of Oude, complaining grievou.fly of the Proceedings of the Resident aforesaid, as Usurpations on the Nabob’s Authority, and Indignities on his Person. And although he the said Hastings did instruct the Resident Bristow to inform the said Hyder Beg Kh&n that he would not receive

from the Nabob, as his. Letters directed by the Spirit of Opposition, but should consider every such Attempt as his [the Minister’s] as an Insult on our Government; yet he did receive, as his, the Nabob's own Letters, and as written from the Impressions on his own' Mind, and as the Suggestions of his own Judgment, Letters to the same Effect as those written by the Minister, although he had declared upon Record, that the said " Nabob was a mere Cipher in his the said Minister’s Hands," and " that he had

dared to use both the Nabob’s Name, apd even his " Seal, affixed to Letters either directed to the Nabob, " or written as from him without his Knowledgeand although he did aftert or record as aforesaid, that in a Letter which be had lately received from the Nabob, the Minister had the Presumption to make the Nabob declare that which was true to be false; and that u his making use of the Nabob in such a Manner, " did shew how thin the Veil was by which he covered his awn Acts; and that such Artifices would " only tend to make them the more criminal, from the

Falsehood and Duplicity with which they were " associated"

LX. That the said Hastings did aft upon the Letters pretended to be written by the Nabob, as well as on those actually written by the Minister, without previously communicating the Matter of the said Complaint to the said Resident, and did give Credit to the fame; and coming as aforesaid from a Person by hira-self (the said Hastings) charged with Artifice, Faliehood, and Duplicity, and with abufiqg to his own evil Purposes the Name and Seal of his Master, without his Knowledge, and without any previous Enquiry into the Fasts and Circumstances; and did thereon ground an Accusation against the said Resident, , before

the Board at Calcutta, in w’hich he did represent the Conduct of the said Bristow, in attempting to limit the Household Expences of the Nabob, as an Indignity " which no Man living, however mean his Rank in " Lite, or dependent his Condition in it, would permit to be exercised by any other, with the Want or Forfeiture of every manly Principle." And he did further accuse the said Bristow, for that in his Proceedings in the Regulation of the Nabob’s Household,

he should receive to himself, or Mr. Cowper for " him, or a Treasurer for both (for the Arrangement " has never been well defined) the Money rilsigned for the Support of the Nabob’s Household; issue

them as he pleased, not to the Nabob, but to the " menial Officers of his Household; dispose of his " superfluous Horses, and other Cattle; determine " how many Elephants were necessary to the State " of the Vizier of the Empire; the Number of Domestics for his Attendance; and pry into the " Kitchen, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Victuals which ought to be dressed in it;

" controul the Accounts of these Disbursements;

" and appropriate to his own Use (for that the " Consequence was inevitable, if he chose it) the >( Residue produced by those ceconomical Retrench- ments."

LXI. That the said Charge is malicious and in-fidious, because the Attempt to introduce proper Officers for the Management of Household Expences, so considerable that the said Hastings has stated the Allotment for the same at 300,000l. Sterling Yearly, and that other Accounts have carried it. to 400,000 /. Sterling, and upwards, and to keep proper and regular Accounts thereof, was a necessary Regulation, and agreeable to the Dignity of the Nabob, and by no Means a Degradation either of his Person or Authority, which was specially provided for in the Regulations, as no Expence could be incurred but by his own per-lonal Warrant under his Sign Manual; nor doth there appear therein any Thing but what is of absolute Necessity to prevent Embezzlement to his Prejudice. And the said Hastings hath declared, in the 5th Article of the Instructions to the said Resident, that no Administration can be properly conducted without regular Offices; and that in the whole Province of Oude, there was not one, the Whole being " ingrafted by the Minister;" of which Minister, in the 14th Article, he declares his Suspicion, that the Nabob did not receive the Whole and punctual Payment of the Sum assigned for the Purpose of the Household, but that forae Part had been by him withheld from the Nabob; and that from private Information he had. lately received, he had Reason to believe that this was actually-the Cafe. And the said Hastings well knew that the Nabob’s Household had been ilj conducted; that the Allowances of his Servants had not been paid; that his Distress was scandalous; and that his nearest Relations were in a famishing Condition: And the said Hastings did also well know, that the Household of the Nabob was provided for or neglected, not at his own Discretion; but at that of the said Ifyder Beg Kh&n; and he did, in the 14th Article aforesaid, instruct the Residept, Bristow, tp shew every ostensible and external Mark of Respect to the Nabob, in order to induce him to become himself the Mover of every Act necessary for the advancing of his own Interests, and the Discharge of his Debts to the Company, declaring, " that they " never could be eftefted while the Minister retained " that Ascendency over him which he at present " holds by the Means of a nearer and more private " Intercourse, and by affecting to be the Mediator " of his Rights against the Claims of our Government" — And the said Hastings did further well know, that there was noWay of ascertaining either the Payment of the Alignments for the Nabob’s Household, for the general Purposes of their Destination, or to the particular Objects to which they ought to be applied, without regular Offices of Receipt and of Account, which might prevent the said Minister Hyder Beg Kh&n, pr the British Resident, or any other, from embezzling or misapplying the fame. But the total Want of Offices aforesaid in every Department of Government, did fomish Occasion of concealing all Frauds, clandestine Presents, or Pensions to a Governor General, Commander in Chief, or other Servant of the Company.

LXII. That the said Warren Hastings, who did pretend so deep a Concern for the Indignities supposed to be suffered by the Nabob, merely in the Limitation and Regulation of unnecessary Expences relative to his Kitchen, Domestics, 8$c. did shew no Attention or Compassion to the said Nabob, when, in the Yeat 1779, the said Nabob represented that the Pensions of his old Servants for 30 Years, the Expences of his Family, and

Kitchen,

26 Geo. III.

12° Apf

Kitchen, together with the Jaghires of his Grandmother, Mother, and Aunts, and of his Brothers and Dependants, given for their Support, were not ,but stepped.

LXIII. That the other Articles of Regulation, namely, the Reform of the Troops in Number and in Arrangement, the Appointment of proper Collectors for the Revenues, and the general Constitution of Offices for the executive Adroinistration, were in like Manner totally defeated by the raid Hyder Beg Khan. And the said Hastings did

receive a Charge from him, and did adopt it as his own, representing the Endeavours of the Resident to act in the Regulations aforesaid agreeably to the Spirit of his Instructions, and in Confidence of the Powers veiled in, and the Responsibility, imposed upon, him the said Resident, as Usurpations of the Authority and Preroga* live of the Nabob; and he the said Hastings did make criminal Charges thereon against the said Resident, Bristow; of which Charges the Council Board did, on hearing the fame, and the Defence of the said Bristow, fully acquit him.

LXIV. That the said Hastings, by abetting Hyder Beg KhAn,a Person described by him as aforesaid, in

his Opposition to all the Plans of necessary Reformation proposed by the said Hastings himself, and having fug* gefted no other whatever in heu thereof, to answer the Purposes for which he had stipulated in the Treaty of Chunar, the Interference of the Resident in every Branch of the Nabob’s Government, did thereby frustrate every one of the good Ends proposed by him in the said Treaty of Chunar, and did grossly abuse his Trust, in giving the exorbitant Powers before recited, and asserting them to exist in the British Resident, without foffering them, even in Appearance, to answer any of the proper and justifiable Ends for which any Power or Influence can or ought to exist in any Government.

LXV. That there is just Ground to violently presume that not only the Letters in the Name of the Nabob aforesaid, were dictated to him by his Minister Hyder Beg KhAn, in whole Hands the said Hastings has described his Matter to be " a mere Cipher, <§r." but which Hyder Beg was the known Instrument of the said Hastings; but that the Conduct and Letters of Complaint of the said Hyder Beg were, in Effect and Substance, prescribed and dictated to him by the said Warren Hastings, or his secret Agent Palmer, by his Direction; because it is notorious, that the Powers of the said Hyder Beg were solely supported by him, the said Hastings, who according to the State of Favour

of Displeasure in which he flood, hath frequently promiied him Support, or threatened him with Dif-rniffion and Punishment; and therefore it is not to be thought that he would take fb material a Step as to oppose the Company’s Resident, acting under the Instructions of the Governor General and Council, 'and to accuse him with so much Confidence, and in a Manner so different from the usual Style of Supplication on all other Occasions employed by that Court, if he had not been previously well assured that his writing in that Manner would be pleating to the Person upon whom he solely depended for his Power, his Fortune, and perhaps for his Life. Secondly, because, when it suited the Purposes of the said Hastings on a former Occasion, that is, in the Year 1784, to remove the Resident Bristow aforesaid from his Office, a Letter from the Nabob was laid before the Council Board at Calcutta, propoting that in order to prevent the Effects of the said Bristows Application to Europe for Red refs, that the said Hastings should fend him Draughts of Letters, which he the said Nabob would write in his own Name and Character, to the King, to his Majesty’s Ministers, and to the Court of Directors, expressing himself, in the Letter aforesaid, in the Words following: viz. " To prevent his s]

Vol.41.

" applying to Europe, fend the if you think proper, Charges " the Draughts of Letters which I may write to the against " King, the Vizier, and the Chiefs of the Company;" Mr. Mailings. Thirdly, That though the said Hast and his secret Agent Palmer, did pretend, and positively assert, that they bad Ho Share in the Letters aforesaid from the Nabob and his Minister, there was an original Note to the Nabobs Letters of Accusation, referring to difi tinct Parts and specified Numbers of the Agent Palmer's Secret Correspondence with the said Warten;

and the said Letter, with the said Reference, was, through Inadvertence, laid before the Board.

LXVI. That the said Warren Hastings, having thrown the Government of Oude Into great Confofion and Distress, thereby prevented the Discharge of the Debt, or pretended Debt, to the Company, did, by all the said Intrigues, Machinations, and Charges, aim at the filling the said Office of Resident at Oude with his own Dependents, or by himself Personally, as it appears that he did first propose to place in the said Office his secret Agent Palmer; and that afterwards, when he was not able to succeed therein, he did propose nominally to abolish the said Office, but in Effect to fill it by himself; propoting to the Council, and rendering himself respon-fible (but not in Fortune) for the Payment of the Company’s Debt within a certain given Time, if he were permitted and commissioned by the Council to act for the Boaird in that Province; and did inform them, that he was privately well assured, that in a few Days he should receive an Invitation to that Effect; and he did Hate (as in the Year 1781 he had Hated as a Reason for his former Delegation) " That the State o( the " Country was so disordered in its Revenue and Ad*

" ministration, and the Credit and Influence of the " Nabob himself so much (hook by the late Usurpation " of his Authority, and the Contests which attended it,

" as to require the Accession of an extraneous Aid to " restore the Powers, and to reanimate the Constitution of his Government;" although he, the said Hastings, did for a long Time before attribute the Weakness of his Government to an extraneous Interference. And the said Council, on his Engagement aforesaid, did consent thereto; and he did accordingly receive a Commission, enabling him to act in the Affairs of Oude, not only as the Resident might have done, but as largely as the Council General might legally delegate their own Powers

LXV 11. That the said Warren Hastings, in accepting the said Commission, did subject his Character, and the Reputation of his Office, to great Imputations and Suspicions, by taking upon himself an inferior Office, out of which another had, upon his Intrigues, been removed, by a perpetual Obstruction, which rendered it impossible for him to perform his Duty, or to obey his Instructions; and he did increase the said grounded Suspicions, by exercising that Office in a Government from whence it was notorious he had himself received an unlawful Gift and Present from the Ministers, and in which he had notoriously suffered many, and had himself actually directed some, Acts of Peculation, by granting various Pentions and Emoluments, to the Prejudice of the Revenue of a distressed Country, which he was not authorized to grant.

LXVIII. That the said 'Warren did pro-,

ceed unto the said Province of Oude, under Colour of providing a Remedy for the Disorders described to be existing in the fame, and for the Recovery of the Company’s pretended Debt And the said Warren Hastings, who had thought fit to recall the Company’s Resident, appointed to that Office by the Court of Directors, and to suspend his Office, did, notwithstanding, of his own Choice and Selection, and on his own mere Authority, take with him in his Progreli a large Retinue,

" and

5«8

i a" Aprilis.

A. 178(5.

Charge* " and a numerous Society of English Gentlemen to Kir'lJttftin '* comP°^ his l amily,*’ which he represents as ne-r‘ in®i ceflary; although, in a Letter from that very Place to which he took that very numerous Society, he informs the Court of Directors, " that his own Consequence, and that of the Nation he represents, are " independent of Shewand after his Arrival there, he the said Warren Hastings did write from the

Capital of that Province, a Letter, dated the 30th of April 1784, to the Court of Directors, iq which are several Particulars to the following Purport or Tenor, and which he points out to the Directors, " to be Circumstances " of no trivial Informationnamely, " that he had " found, that the Lands in that Province, as well as in " some Parts more immediately under the Company, " have suffered in a grievous Manner, being completely " exhausted of their natural Moisture, by the total " Failure of One entire Seaton of the periodical Rains," with a few Exceptions, which were produced only " by " the uncommon Labour of the Husbandman." And in a letter to Edward Wilder, Esquire, a Member of the Council General, from Benares, the 20th of September 1784, he fays, that " the Public Revenues had " declined with the Failure of the Cultivation Three " successive Years; and all the Stores of Grain, which " the Providence of the Husbandmen (as he was informed is their Custom) in Defiance of the Vigilance " of the Aumils [Collectors] clandestinely reserved for " their own Use, were of courl’e exhausted, in which " State no Person would accept of the Charge of the " Collections on a positive Engagement, nor did the " Rain fall till the 10th of ,/«/y."-r-And in another Letter, dated from Benares, the tft of October following he repeats the same Accounts; and that the " Country " could not beas further Additions of Expence; that it " had no Inlets of Trade to supply the Issues that were " made from it;" [the Exceptions stated there being inconsiderable] " therefore every Rupee which is drawn " into your Treasury [the Company’s] from its Circu- lation, will accelerate the Period at which its Ability " must cease to pay even the stipulated ."Not-

withstanding this State of the Country, of which he was well apprized before he left Calcutta, and the Poverty and Dilirefs of the Prince having been frequently but in vain represented to him, in order to induce him to forbear his oppressive Exactions, lie did, in order to furnish the Council with a Colour for permitting him to recall the Company’s Resident, and to exercise the whole Powers of the Company in his own Person without any Check whatsoever, or Witness of his Proceedings, except the Persons of his own private Choice, did make the express and positive Engagement aforesaid, which, if understood of a real and substantial Discharge of Debt for the Relief of the Total of the Company’s Finances, was grolsly fallacious; because, at the very Time, he must have been perfectly sensible, that in the then State of the Revenues and Country of Oude (which are in Effect the Company’s Revenues, and the Company’s Country) the Debt, or pretended Debt aforesaid, asserted to be about Five hundred thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, could not be paid without contracting another Debt, at an usurious Interest, without encroaching on the necessary EstablifliinCnts, or on private Property, or on the Pay of the Army, or without grievous Oppression of the Country, or all these together. And it doth appear that One hundred thousand Pounds, towards the said Payment of Debts, was borrowed at Calcutta, by the Nabob’s Agent there, but at what Interest is not known. It appears also that other Sums were borrowed, for Arrear of the Interest on which 40,000l. Sterling appears in the Company’s Claims for the Current Year, and that various Deductions were made from the Jagbirea

restored to the Begums, as well as other Parts of the Nabob’s Family; and it did and doth appear, that an Arrear is still due to the old and new Brigade, but whether the same be growing or not, doth not appear; yet he hath not hesitated to assert, that he had " provided for " the complete Discharge in One Year of a Debt contracted by the Accumulation of many, and from a " Country, whole Resources have been wasted and diffipated by Three successive Years of Drought, and " One of Anarchy." But the said Hastings never did even realize the Payments to be made in the First Year (as he confesses in the said Letter) except by an Anticipation of the Second; and though he states, in his Letter aforesaid, the following Fads and Engagements, that is to say, " that a Recovery of so large a Part of your " Property [the Company’s] will afford a seasonable and " substantial Relief to the Necessities of your Government, and enable it (for such is my confident Hope) " to begin on the Reduction of your Debt at Interest " before the Conclusion of this Year (I mean the Year " of this Computation.)" Whereas the said Warren Hastings did apply the whole Produce of the Revenue to the mere Pay of lotne Part of the British Army in Oude; and did not mention in this Correspondence that he had remitted any Money whatsoever to Calcutta, nor to any other -Place (except the Fifty thousand Pounds taken from Almas Ali Khan, and said to be remitted to Surat) for the said substantial Relief," in Consequence of the said pretended " Recovery of Property," admitting that it had been suggested to him, and not by him denied, that he had (< disappointed the " popular Expectation, by not adopting the Policy " which he had, on the Conception if better Grounds, " rejected; nor did he begin the Reduction of the Interest Debt," at the Time stated, nor at any Time; but the Whole (he well knowing the State of the Country from whence the Resources aforesaid were by him promised) was a premeditated Deceit and Imposition on the Board of Council, his Colleagues, and on the Court of Directors, his Matters.

LXIX. That no Traces of Regulation appear to have been adopted by the said Warren Hastings during his Residence at Lucknow, in Conformity to the Spirit and Intentions of the Treaty of Chunar, or of his Instructions to Middleton and Bristow, or of the.proposed Objects of his own Commission. But he did, in lieu thereof pretend to free the Nabob’s Government from the Interference of the Company’s Servants, and the Usurpation (as he called it) of a Resident, and thereby to restore it to its proper Tone and Energy; whereas the Measures he took were such as to leave no useful or rel'ponfible Superintendence in the British, and no Freedom in the Nabob’s Government; for he did confirm the foie, uu-participated; and entire Administration, with all the Powers annexed to the Government, on the Minister Hyder Beg Khan, to whom he prevailed on the Nabob Vizier to commit the entire Charge of his Revenues, although he knew that his Master was a Cipher in his Hands; that he " had affixed his Seal to Letters written " without his Knowledge, and such as evidently tended " to promote Hyder Beg Khans Influence and Interest;" that his laid Master did not consider him as a Minister of his Choice, but as an Instrument of his Degradation; that " he exists as a Minister by his Dependence on the Calcutta Government, and that the Nabob himself had no other Opinion of him; that it is by its declared and most obvious Support alone that he could maintain his " Authority and Influence." And in his Instructions to his secret Agent, Major Palmer, dated 6th of May 1782, to eale his Mind and remove his Jealously with regard to British Interference, he did instruct him " that much " Delicacy and Caution will be required in your 04 " Declarations

26 Geo. III.

i a'

1 Aprilis-

589

" Declarations on this Subject, left they should be construed to extend to an immediate Change in the " Administration of his Affairs, or the Instruments of " it. Their Persons must be confidefed as sacred, while " they aft with the Participation of our Influence. This " Distinction the Nabob understands, nor will it be either " necessary or proper to allude to it, unless he himself should first introduce the Subject." And the said Hastings did afllime, as to a Dependent of the loweit Order, to prescribe to him the Conditions on which he is to bold his Place, to threaten him with Scrutinies into his Conduct, with Difmillion, with Punishment; that he was guilty of Fallhood and Duplicity, and that he had made his Matter assert a hat was true to be falie; that he suspected he had withheld from his Master what be ought to have paid to him — That the Event of his having prevailed on the Nabob to entrust him as aforesaid, was, according to his, the said Hastings's,

LXXf. That the next Person whom the said Hastings Charge* did invest with Power in the said Country, was a certain opulent and powerful Native, Manager of Revenue, u called Almas Ali Khan, closely connected with the said Hyder Beg, Khan; and to whom the said Hyder Beg Khan, as tire said Hastings has admitted, " had entrusted the greatest Part of his Revenues, without any " Pledge or Security for his Fidelity." And afterwards the said Hastings charges the said Almas Ali with an Intention of removing from the Nabob's Dominions; he states, " as taking with him," and therefore being possessed "of an immense Treasure, the Fruits of his " Embezzlements and Oppressions, and an Army raised tl for its Protection."

LXXII. That the said Warren Hastings was, or pretended to be, impressed with the evil Character, dangerous Deligns, and immoderate Power of the said Almas Ali; that he did insert, among his Instructions to

own Letter, written to the said Hyder Beg Khan him- the Resident Bristow, an Order of a dangerous.and, un-

Aif te ____ A______1 _ f T\* /*. n 1 /* 1. .11 \t . 1 .1 /* 1 TT

(elf, "an Accumulation of Distress, Debasement, " and Dissatisfaction to the Nabob, and of Difap- pointment and Dilgrace to me. Every Measure " which he had himself proposed, and to which he " had solicited my Assistance, has been so conductetC " as to give him Caule of Displeasure; there are no " Officers established by which his Affairs could be " regularly conducted; mean, incapable, and indigent " Men have been appointed Aumils of the Districts, without Authority, and without the Means of per-

warrantable Nature, in which, upon his, the said Hastings's simple Allegation of Offences, not accurately described or specified, with regard either to the Fact, the Nature of the Offence, or the Proof, to urge the Nabob to put him to Death, with many Qualifications in the said Instructions, full of Fraud and Duplicity, calculated to ensnare the said Resident Bristow, and to throw upon him the Responsibility of the Conduct of the said Almas Ali Khdn, if he should continue at large, contrary to his Orders, or to subject him, the said Resident, to the Shame

" fonal Protection; feme of them have been murdered and Scandal of apprehending and putting him to Death,

by the Zemindars, and those Zemindars, instead of Punishment, have been permitted to retain their " Zemindaries with independent Authority; all the other " Zemindars suffered to rife up in Rebellion, and to " iufuit the Authority of the Sircar, without any Attempt " made to suppress them; and the Company’s Debt, " instead of being discharged by the Assignments and " extraordinary Sources of Money provided for that

by Means which, in the Circumstances, must necessarily be such as would be construed into Treachery; and he the said Almas Ali Khdn, being from Nature and Situation suspicious and watchful, and being at that very Time in the Collection, or Farmer of the most important Part of the Revenues, with an extensive Jurisdiction annexed, and at the Head of Fourteen thousand of his own Troops; and having been recently accepted by the Resident Purpose, is likely to exceed even the Amount at which Middleton as Security for large Sums of Money adit stood at the Time in which the Arrangement vanced by the Bankers of to the Use of the

with his Excellency was concluded. The Growth East India Company; which Orders (if the said Resident of these Evils was early made known to me, and their would or could have executed them) must have raised an Effects foreboded in the same Order and Manner as universel Alarm among all the considerable Men of the they have since come to pass. In such a State of Country concerned in the Government, and would have Calamity and Dilgrace, I can no longer remain a been a Means of subverting the public Credit of the passive Spectator; nor would it be becoming to Company, by the Murder of a Person engaged for very conceal iny Sentiments, or qualify the Expression of great Sums of Money that had been advanced for their them. I now plainly tell you, that you are answer- Use. — And the said Instruction is as followeth:

" able for every Misfortune and Defect of the Nabob " Vizier’s Government." — And after giving Orders, and expressing feme Hopes of better Behaviour, be adds, " If I am disappointed, you will impose on me the " painful and humiliating Necessity of acknowledging " to him, that I have been deceived, and of recommending the Examination of your Conduct to his " Justice, both for the Redress of his own and the Company’s Grievances, and for the Injury sustained by " both in their mutual Connection. Do not reply to " me, that what I have written is from the Suggeltion " of your Enemies; nor imagine, that I have induced myself to w rite in such plain and declaratory Terms,

" If any Engagement shall actually subsist between " them at the Time you have Charge of the Residency, it must, however exceptionable, be faithfully " observed; but if he has been guilty of any criminal " Offence to the Nabob, his Master, for which no Immunity is provided in the Engagement, or he shall break any one of the Conditions of it, I do most strictly enjoin you, and it must be your special " Care to endeavour, either by Force or Surprize, to " secure his Person, and bring him to Justice: By bringing him to Justice, I mean that you urge the Nabob, on due Conviction, to punish him with Death, as a necessary Example to deter others from the Com-

CC

it

" without a clear Infight into all the Consequences of " mission of the like Crimes; nor must you desist till

it, and a fixed Determination upon them."

LXX. That the aforesaid being the Tenure of the Power of the said Minister, and such his Character, as given by the said Warren Hast bigs himself, who did originally compel the Nabob to receive him, who did constantly support him against the Nabob his Master, as well as against the Company’s Resident; the delivering over to such a Person his Master, his Family, his Country, and the Care of the British Interests therein, without Controul or public Inspection, was an High Crime and Misdemeanor.

Vox.. 41.

this is effected. — I cannot prescribe the Means; but to guard rayself against the Obloquy to which I may be exposed by a forced Misconstruction of this Order, by those who may hereafter be employed in searching our Records for Cavils and Informations against roe,

I think it proper to forbid, and protest. against the Use of any fraudulent Artifice or Treachery to accomplish the End which I; and as you alone are privy to the Order, you will of course observe the greatest Secrecy, that it may not transpire: But 1 repeat my Recommendation of it, as

7 L " one

i a* Aprilis.

59°

ChtfrgM " one of the first and most eflentud Duties of your , " Office*

w.mitaig*. LXXIII. That among the Reasons assigned for putting to Death the said Almas AH, which the said Hastings did recommend directy and repeatedly to the Resident, " as one of the first and most essential " Duties of his Office," was in Substance, " that by his extensive Trust with regard to the Revenues, '* he had been permitted to acquire Independeucy;

that the Means thereof bad been long seen, and " the Effo&s thereof foretold by every Person acquainted with the State of Government, except those immediately interested in it;" And he the said Warren Hastings did also charge the said Almas AH with Embezzlement of the Revenues, and Oppression of the People, and nothing appears to disprove the fame, but much to give Ground to a Presumption, that the said Almas AH did grievously abuse the Power committed to him, as Farmer and CoHe&or of the Revenue, to the great Oppression of the Inhabitants of the Countries which had been rented to him by Hyder Beg Khdn, with the Knowledge and Content of the said Warren Hastings.

LXXIV. That the Resident Bristow, declining the violent Attempt on the Life of Almas AH, deceitfully ordered by the said Warren Hastings, did, on weighty Reasons, drawn from the Spirit of the said Hastings's own Instructions, recommend that his the said Almas AH KkAris Farms of Revenue, or a great Part of them, should be, on the Expiration of hie Lease, taken out of his Hands, as being too extensive, and supplying the Meaos of a dangerous Power in the Country: But yet be the said Warren Hastings did not only continue him in die Possession of the said Revenues, but did give to him a new Lease thereof, for the Term of Five Years. And on tins Renovation and Increase of Trust the said Warren Hastings did not content or produce the Informer, upon whose Credit he had made his Charge of capital Ontnes on the fold Almas AH, and had directed him to be put to Death, or call upon him to make good his Charges; but instead of this, totally changing his Relation to the fold Almas AH, and did himself labour to procure from all Parts Attestatkms to prove him not guilty of the Perfidy and Dttloyalty of which the said Hastings fcknfitif appears to have been to that very lime his telle Aeeufer, as be hath since been his most anxious Advocate; but though he did use many Endeavours to acqmt Almas AH of his intended flight, yet concerning his Embezzlements and Oppressions, the most important of all Charges relative to that of the Revenue and Cofle&ion, he the said Hastings hath made no Enquiry whatever, by which it might appear that he was not as fully guilty thereof as he had always represented him to be. But some Time after he the said Warren Hastings had arrived at Lucknow, in the Year 1784, he luggefted to the said Almas AH Khin the Advance to the Company’s Use of a Sum of Money, amounting to Fifty thousand Pounds, or -thereabouts; and the fold foggefted Advance was (as the said Warren Hastings efforts, no Witness or Document of the Transa&km appearing) " diearfully, and without

Hesitation, complied with, considering it as an Evidence H seasonably offered for the general Refutation of the *' Charges of Perfidy and Disloyalty;" — which Practice of charging wealthy Persons with Treason and Disloyalty, and afterwards acquitting them on the Payment of a Sum of Money, is highly scandalous to the Honour, Justice, and Government of Great Britain; and the Offence is highly aggravated by the said Hastings's Declaration to the Court of Directors, that the Charges against Almas AH ‘Khdn have been too laborkmfly urged against him; and carried at one Time to such an Excess, which had neatly driven him to abandon his Country, "for the

A. 178

01

Preservation of his Life and Honour;" and thus to give a " Colour to the Charges themselves," when he the said Warren Hastings did well know, that he himself did consider as a Crime, and did make it an Article in a formal Accusation against the Resident Middleton, that he did not inform him, the said Hastings, of the supposed Treasons of Almas AH Khdn, and of his Design to abandon the Country, when he himself did most Jabo-riously urge the Charges against him; and alien no Attempt appears to have been made against the Life of the said Almas Ali Khdn, except by the said Warren Hastings himself.

LXXV. That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts, publicly taken by the said Warren Hastings, as an Advance for the Use of the Company, if given as a Confederation or Fine, on Account of the Renewal for a long Term of Civil Authority and Military Command, and the Collection of the Revenues to an immense Amount, the same being at least Eight hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Yearly, was so totally inadequate to the Interest granted, that it may justly be presumed, it was not on that, or on any public Ground or Condition, that the said Hastings did delegate, out of all Reach of Resumption or Correction, a Lease of boundless Power and enormous Profit, for so long a Term, to a known Oppressor of the Country.

LXXVI. That Warren Hastings being at Lucknow in consequence of his Deputation aforesaid, did, in his Letter from that City, dated 30th of April 1784, recommend to the Court of Directors, " as his last and " ultimate Hope, that their Wisdom would put a final " Period to the ruinous and disreputable System of Iiiterference, whether avowed or secret, in the Affairs of " the Nabob of Oude; and withdraw for eoer the In- finence by which it is maintained; " and that they ought to confine their Views to the foie Maintenance of the old Brigade Rationed in Oude, by virtue of the First Treaty with the reigning Nabob; expressing himself in the following Words to the Court of Dire ctors: " If you " transgress that Line, you may extend the Distribution

of Patronage, and add to the Fortunes of Individuals, u and to the nominal Riches of Great Britain; but your own Interests will suffer by it; and the Ruin of " a great and once-flourishing Nation be recorded as " the Work of your Administration, with an everlasting " Reproach to the British Name. To this Reasoning I shall join the Obligations of Justice and Good Faith, " which cut off every Pretext for your exercising any Power or Authority in this Country, as long as the

Sovereign of it fulfils the Engagements he has articled " with you."

LXXVII. That it appears, by the extraordinary Recommendation aforesaid, asserted by him the said Hastings to be enforced by the " Obligations of Justice " and good Faith," that the said IVirren Hastings, at the Time of writing the said Letter, had made an Agreement to writhdraw the British Interference, repre-fented by him " as a ruinous and disreputable Syitem," out of the Dominions of the Nabob of Oude. But the Instrument itself in which the said Agreement is made (if at all existing) does not appear; nor hath the said Hastings transmitted any Documents relative to the said -Treaty, which is a Neglect highly criminal; especially as he has informed the Company, in his Letter from Benares, " that he has promised the Nabob that he will " not abandon him to the Chance of any other Mode of Relation; and most confidently given him Assurance " of the Ratification and Confirmation of that w bich he [the said Hastings] had established between his Go- vemment and the Company: " The laid confident Assurance being given to an Agreement never produced, and made without any Sort of Authority from the

Court

26 Geo. III. i 2° Aprilis. 591

Court of Directors; an Agreement precluding; on the (so far as the same are Intelligible) Six in number, have Charge*

one Hand, the Operation of the Discretion of his Maf- been all of them the proper Acts and Measures of the.

ters in the Conduct of their Affairs; or, On the other, laid Warren Hastings himself; for he did himself first "r.H*ng*. subjecting them to the Hazard of an Imputation on of all introduce* and did afterwards continue and sup-their Faith, by breaking an Engagement confidently port, that Interference (which he now informs the Court made in their Name, though without their Content, by of Directors " is ruinous and disreputable,. and which the First Officer of their Government " the very Symptoms of an Intention to renew," he

That the said Hastings, further to preclude the Ope- considers in the bigheft Degree dangerous;) he did ration of such Discretionary Conduct in the Admini- direct* with a controlling and absolute Authority, in stration of this Kingdom, as Circumstances might call every Department of Government, and in every District for, has informed the Directors, that he has gone so far in the Dominions of the Nabob of Oude. — Secondly, as even to condition the Existence of the Revenue itself, The Appointment of Agents, which was eminently the with the Exclusion of the Company, his Mailers, from Ad of his own Administration; be not only retaining all Interference whatsoever; for in his Letter to Mr. many Agents in the Country of Oude, both " secret Whekr, dated Benares, aoth September 1784, are the " and but also lending some of them, in Defi-following Words: "The Aumils [Collectors] demanded ance to the Orders of that very Court of Directors, to " that a Clause should be inserted in their Engagements, whom, in his said Letter of the tft of October 1784, he " that they were to be in full Force for the complete assigns "Vengeance and Corruption," as the only MoTerm of their Leases, provided that noforeign Autho- tives that can produce such Appointments. — Thirdly;

" rity was exercisedover them; -or, in other Words, that That he the said Warren Hastings did instrud one of " their Engagements were to cease whenever they should the said Agents, and did charge him, upon Pain of " d " be interrupetd in their Functions by the Interference of " dreadful Responsibility,’' to perform sundry Adsof " an English Agent. This Requisition was Officially Violence against Persons of the bigheft Distinction, and " notified to me by the acting Minister, and referred nearest Relation to the Prince; which Acts were justly " to me in Form by the Nabob’s Vizier, for my pre- liable to the Imputation of "in the Exe-

" vious Consent to it: I encouraged it, and I gave cution, and which he, in his Reply to the Defence of my Content to it." Aqd the said Hastings has Middleton to one of his Charges, did declare to be been guilty of the high Presumption to inform his said liable to the Suspicion of " Corruption in the Relaxa-Mastere, that he has taken that Course to compel them " tion." — Fourthly, That he did raise new Demands not to violate the Assurances given by him in their on the Vizier, " and overcharge Accounts on one Side,

Name: — " There is One Condition [namely, the " and take a wide Latitude on the other," by fending up " above Condition] which essentially connects the Con- a new and before unheard of Overcharge of Four hunf rotation of the Settlement itself with the Interests of dred thousand Pounds and upwards, not made by the " the Company." Resident, or admitted by the Vizier; and by adding the

LXXVIII. That the said Warren Hastings, who lame, did swell his Debt, " beyond the Means of Pay-did shew an indecent Distrust of the Company's Faith, " ment and did even insert, as the Ninth Article of did endeavour, before that Time, at other Times, his Charge against Middleton, " his omitting to take any namely, in his Instructions to his Secret Agent, Major " Notice of the additional Balance of Rupees 26,48,571,

Palmer, dated the 6th of May 1782, to limit the Con- " Hated by the Accountant General to be due from the fidenceto be reposed in the British Government to the " Vizier on the 30th of April 1780," to which he did Duration of his own Power, in the following Words, in add 14 Lack more, making together the above Sum. the 5th Article: " It is very much my Desire to impress Fifthly, That he the said Warren Hastings did assign the Nabob with a thorough Confidence in the Faith " Political Dangers" in his Minute of the 13th Decern-

and Justice of our Government; that is to say, in my her 1779, for burthening the said Nabob of Oude " with pp> 7'

" own, while I am at the Head of k: I cannot be " unnecessary Defences and enormous Subsidies," with

answerable for the Acts of others independent of regard to which he then declared, that " h was our me." " Part, not his (the Nabob’s) to judge and to deter-

LXXIX. That the said Warren Hastings did, in his " mine." — And Sixthly, that be did not only shew

Letter, dated Benares, the ift of October 1784, to the the Design, but the Fact of personal Kindnefe to the Court of Directors, write, " that if they [the Direo- Partisans of what be here calls, as well as in another " tors] manifested no Symptoms of an intended Inter- Letter, and in One Minute of Confutation, a " late " ference, the Object* of his Engagements will be " Usurpation," he having rewarded the principal and " obtained; but if a differeot Policy. shall be most obnoxious of the Instruments of the said late " adopted; *if new Agents are font into the Coun- Usurpation (if such it was) Richard Johnson, Esquire,

" try, and armed with Authority for the Purposes of with an honourable and profitable Embafiy to the Court " Vengeance or Corruption (for to no other trill they of the Nizam.

be applied)i ’if new Demands are made on the LXXXI. That the said Warren Hastings, therefore,

" Nabob Vizier, and Accounts overcharged on one by assuming an Authority which be himself did coo>

" Side, with a wide Latitude taken on the other, to fider as an Usurpation, and by Acts, in virtue of that M swell his Debt beyond the Means of Payment; usurped Authority, done in his own proper* Person,

" $ if Political Dangers are portended, to Ground on and by Agents appointed by himself, and proceeding M them the Plea of burthening his Country with (though with some Mitigation, for which one of " unnecessary Defences and enormous Subsidies; 6or them was by him cenfiired and accused) under his M if, even attaining from direct Encroachment on the own express and pefitive Orders and Instructions, and " Nabob's Rights, your Government shall shew but thereby establishing, as be himself observed, " a Syf*

a Degree of personal Kindness to the Partisans of the " tem of Interference, disreputable and ruinous, which " late Usurpation, or, by may constructive Indication u could only be subservient to promote Patronage;

" of Partiality and DifiTatisfedion, furnish Grounds " private Interest, private Embezzlement, Corrup-M for the Expectation of an approaching Change of " tion, and Vengeance, to the public Detriment of " System; — 1 am sorry to lay that all ray Labours will the Company, " and to the Ruin of a once-iourishing prove abortive." " Nation, and eternally reproachful to the British

LXXX. That all the Mewfures deprecated in future " Name;" and for the evil Effects of which System,

by the said Warren Hastings, with a Reference to for- " as his foie and ultimate Hope" and Remedy, be uer Conduct, in his several Letters aforesaid, being recommends an entire Abdication for ever, not only Vol. 41. of

﻿592

12

Aprilis.

A. 178

Charges of all Power and Authority, but even of the Inter-,

gamft ference and Influence of Great Britain — is guilty of an

Mr.Haflutgs. Crime and Misdemeanor.

LXXXII. That the said , in his

Letter from Chunar, of the 29th of November 1781, has represented that very Influence and Interference (which in Three public Papers he denominates " a late " Usurpation") as being authorized by a regular Treaty and Agreement, voluntarily made with the Nabob himself, at a Place called Chunar, oh the 19th of September 1781, a Copy of which hath been transmitted to the Court of Directors; and that Three Persons were present at the Execution of the lame. Two whereof were Middleton and Johnson, his Agents and Residents at Oude, the Third, the Minister of the Nabob. And he did, in his Paper written to the Council General, and transmitted to the Court of Directors, not only declare that the said Interference was agreed to by the said Nabob, and sealed with his Seal, but would be highly beneficial to him; assuring the said Council, " that if the Resident performed his Duty, in the Execution of his [the said " tinge's] Instructions, the Nabob’s Part of the Engagement will prove of still gretaer Benefit to him than to our Government, in whole Behalf it was " exacted; and that the Participation which is allowed " our Resident in the Inspection of the public Treasure,

" will secure the Receipt of the Company's Demands, " wlrilft the Influence which our Government will " WAYS possess over the public Minister of the

" and the Authority of our own, will be an effectual Means

" of securing an attentive and faithful Discharge of their " several Trusts, both towards the Company and the " Vizier."

LXXXIII. And the said Warren Hastings did not only settle a Plan, of which the Agency and Interference aforesaid was a Part, and assert the beneficial Consequences thereof, but did also record, that the same " was " a great public Measure constituted on a large and established System, and destructive in its instant Effects of " the Interest and Fortune of many patronized Individualsand, in Consequence of the said Treaty, he the said Warren Hastings did authorize and positively require ajdSept. 1781. his Agent aforesaid to interfere in, and controul and re-A°Pp.J gulate, all the Nabob's Affairs whatsoever; and the said nu 1. <3. Warren Hastings having made for the Company, and its Name, an Acquisition of Power and Authority, even if it bad been abused by others, he ought to have remedied the Abuse, and brought the Guilty to condign Punishment, instead of making another Treaty, without their Approbation, Consent, or Knowledge, and to this Time not communicated to them; by which it appears he has annulled the former Treaty, and the Authority thereby acquired to the Company, as a Grievance and Usurpa-tion, to which, from the general Corruption of their Service, no other Remedy could be applied than a formal Renunciation of their Power and Influence; for which said Aftings and Doings the said Warren Hastings is guilty of an High Crime and Misdemeanor.

LXXXIV. That the Company’s Army in India is an Objfeft requiring the most vigilant and constant Inspection, both to the Happiness of the Natives, the Security of the British Power, and to its own Obedience and Discipline, does require that Inspection, in Proportion as it is removed from the principal Seat of Government; and the Number and Discipline of the Troops kept up by the Native Princes along with British Troops, is also of great Moment and Importance to the same Ends: That Warren Hastings, Esquire, pretending to pursue the fame, did, in virtue of an Authority acquired by the Treaty of Chunar aforesaid, give drift Orders, and to which he did demand a most implicit Obedience, that all Officers of the Nabob’s Army should be appointed " with " the Concurrence of the Resident;" and supposing the

Cafe, that Persons of obnoxious Description, or of known Disaffection to the Britsh Government (of which he left the Resident to be the Judge) he did direct in the following Words: "You are in such same to " remonstrate against it; and if the Vizier should persist " in his Choice, you are peremptorily, and in my Name, to " oppose it as a Breach of his and he did

also direct, that the " Mootiana [or Soldiers employed " for the Collection of Revenue] should be reformed, " and reduced into One Corps for the whole Service; " and that no Infantry should be left in the Nabob’s " Service, but what may be necessary for his Body " Guardand he did further order and direct as follows: " That in quelling Disturbances, the Commander " of the Forces should assist you [the said Resident] on " the Requisition of the Vizier, communicated through " you to him [the said Commander] or at your own " single Application. It is directed, that the Regiment ordered for the immediate Protection of your " Office and Person, at , shall be relieved

" every Three Months, and during its Stay there " shall act solely and' exclusively under your Orders." . And it appears, in the Course of the Company’s Correspondence, that the Country Troops, under the Nabob’s foie Direction, would be ill-dif-ciplined and unserviceable, if not worse; and therefore the said Warren Hastings did order, that " no " Infantry should be kept in his Service;" yet it appears that the said Warren Hastings did make an Arrangement for a Body of Native Troops, wholly out of the Controul or Inspection of the British Government, and left a written Order in the Hands of Major Palmer (one of his Agents, who had been continued there, though the Company was not permitted to employ any) to be transmitted to Colonel Cutnming, as soon as an adequate Force shall be provided for the Defence of the Nabob’s Frontier, by Detachments from the Nabob's own Battalions, the said Colonel Cumming's Forces, whom the others were to

supersede and replace, confuting wholly of Infantry, and which, being intended for the same Service, were probably of the same Constitution.

LXXXV. That the old Brigade of British Troops, which by Treaty was to remain, had been directed, by the Instructions of the said Hastings to the Resident Middleton, and to the Resident Bristow, " not to be " employed at the Requisition of the Vizier, any " otherwise than through the Residentand the said Direction was properly given, it not being fit that British Troops should be under the lole Direction of Foreign independent Princes, or of any other than the British Government; yet, notwithstanding the proper and necessary Direction aforesaid, he the said Warren Hastings hath left the said Troops, by his new Treaty, without any local Controul, or even Inspection, notwithstanding his Powers under the Treaty of Chunar, and his own repeated Orders, and notwithstanding the Mischiefs and Dangers which the said Warren Hastings did foresee would result therefrom, if left under the foie Direction of the Nabob, and their own Discretion, the said Hastings having stipulated with the said Nabob not to exercise any Authority, or even Influence, secret or avowed, within his Dominions.

LXXXVI. That the Crime of the said Warren Hastings, in attempting thus to abandon the British Army to the foie Discretion of the Nabob of Oude, is exceedingly aggravated by the Description given by him severally of the said Nabob of Oude, and of the British Army stationed for the Defence of his Dominions, in his Letters to the Court of Directors, and in his Minutes of Consultation; and particularly in his Letter of immediately

on the Accession of the Nabob, he did inform the said

6 Geo. III. i Aprilis. 593

said Court, " that the Nabob had not, by all Accounts, " most worthless and abandoned of his Subjects — his Charge " the Qualities of the Head or Heart which fitted him " late Commander in Chief is a lignal and icandafous

" for that Office, though there was no Dispute con- *\ Instance of this." 1 r* ,ns*'

" cerning his Right to succeed ;" and some Years after- LXXXVIII. And the said Hastings, in his

wards, when his Accounts must have been rendered Letter to the Court of Directors, dated Benares, the more certain, he did, in his Minute of Confutation, of 15th of October 1784, even alter he had made the the 15th of December 1779 (regularly transmitted to aforesaid Renunciation of the Company’s Authority the Court of Directors) upon a Difcufliori for with- and Influence to the Nabob, did write " that the drawing certain Troops, kept up in the Nabob’s Country " Nabob, though most gentle in his Manners, and without his Content by him the said JVarren Hastings, " endued with an understanding much above the

strongly urge as follows: " The Necessity of maintaining " common Level, has been unfortunately bred up in the Influence and Force which we pofieft in the " Habits that draw his Attention too much from his " Country, that the Disorders of his State [the Nabob " own Affairs, and often subject him to the Guidance " of Oude's State] and Dissipation of his Revenues, are " of insidious and unworthy Confidantswhich, though " the Effects of his own Conduct, which has failed, not more decently expressed, with regard to the Nabob,

" lo much from the usual Effects of Incapacity, as from than in his former Minutes, substantially agrees with " the detestable Choice he has made of the Ministers of them. And the said JVarren Hastings did inform the

" his Power, and the Participation of his Confidence. Court of Directors, after he had solemnly covenanted to

" I forbear to expatiate further on his Character: It is withdraw all the Company’s Influence, on the Assurances " sufficient that I am understood by the Members of and Promises of a Person so by himself described, that " this Board, who must know the Truth of my Allu- for Reasons grounded on his Knowledge of the Imfions. Mr. Francis [a Member of the Board] surely becility, of the Character of the Nabob, he waited in a " was not aware of the Injury he did me [ JVarren Frontier Town, " that he might be at Hand to counHastings] by attributing to die Spirit of Party the " teract any Attempt to defeat the Eftect of his Pro-

Character 1 gave Asoph ul Derata [the Nabob of " ceedings at and in his Letter to Mr.

" Oude] he himself knows it to be true-, and it is One of JVheler from the same Place, be did write in the following " those Notorieties which supersede the Necessity of any Words: "I am still near enough to attend to the First " Evidence. I was forced to the Allusion I made, by " Effects of the Execution, and to interfere with my " the Imputation cast on this Government, as having " Influence for the Removal of any Obstructions, to " caused the Evils which prevail in the Government of " which they are or may be liable." He therefore " the Nabob of Oude, which I could only answer by found that there was none, or but an insufficient Security " ‘ascribing them to their true Cause, the Character and to the Effect of his Treaty, but in his own direct personal " Conduct of the Nabob of Oude" And die Resident Violation of it. What otherwise was wanting in the (appointed by the said Hastings, against the Orders of Security for the Nabob’s Engagements, w as to be the Court of Directors) as his particular confidential supplied as follows; " The most respedable Persons of Representative, One whom the said Nabob did himself " his Family will be employed to counteract every other s,c 0rie-request might be continued with him, by an Engage- " which may tend to warp him from it; and I am sorry ment in JVriting, for ever, did some Time before, that " to say, that such Assistance was ." And in

is, on the 3d of January 1779, allure the said Hastings another Letter, " that he had equal Ground to expect and the Council General, that " such is his Excellency's " every Degree of Support which could be given it by " [the Nabob of Oude's] Dispolidon, and so entirely " the first Characters of his Family, who are warmly " has he loft the Confidence and Affections of his Sub- " and zealously interested in it" The principal Male " jects, that unless some Restraint is imposed on him, Character of the Family, and of the most Influence in " which would effectually secure those who live under that Family, being Solar Jung, Uncle to the Nabob;

" tha Protection of his Government from Violence and and the first Female Characters of the Family, being the " Oppression, I am but too weil convinced, that no Man Mother and Grandmother of the reigning Sovereign;

" of Reputation or Property will long continue in tliele all of whom, Male and Female, he the said JVarren " Provinces." And that the said Resident proceeds to Hastings, in sundry Letters of his own, in the Trans-an Instance of Oppressitm and Rapine, " out of many of million of various Official Documents, and even in the Nabob’s, which has eaufed a total Dilaftectiou Affidavits studioully collected, and sworn before Sir " and Want of Confidence among his Subjects; he Elijah Impey, during his short Residence at Lucknow " hoped the Board would take it into their humane and Benares, did himself represent as Persons entirely " Consideration, and interpole their Influence, and pre- diiafl’cCted to the English Power in India, as having " vent an Act which would inevitably bring Dilgrace been principal Promoters, if not original Contrivers, of " upon himself, and a proportionate Degree of Discredit a general Rebellion and Revolt, for the utter Extirpation " on the National Character of the English, which I of tire English Nation; and as such he the said JVarren " consider to be more or leis concerned in every Act of Hastings did compel the Nabob reluctantly to take from " his Administration." them their Landed Estates; and yet the said JVarren

LXXXVII. That no Exception was ever takeu by Hastings has had the Preemption to attempt to impoie the said JVarren Hastings to the Truth of the FaCis, or on the East India Company, by pretending to place his to the Justnest of the Observation of the said Reiidcut, Reliance on those Three Persons for a Settlement which he did transmit to the Court of Directors. And favourable to the Company's Interests, on his Renuncia-the said JVarren Hastings, jn his Letter from Chunar, tion of all their Own Power, Authority, and Influence, dated the 29th of November 1781, speaking of the and on his leaving their Army to the lble and uncon-Restraints which had been put by him the said Hastings trouled Discretion of a Stranger, meriting in his Opinion on the Nabob, relative to his own Mootiana, or Forces' the Description given by him as aforesaid, as well as by for Collection and Police, and the Necessity of giving' him frequently asserted to be politically incapable of the Resident a Controul in the Nomination of the Officers supporting his own Power, without the Aid of the Forces of hb Army, has asserted, " that the Necessity of the . of the Company. And the Offence of the said JVarren " Reservation arose from a too well knowu DcfcCt in Hastingsin abandoning a considerable Part of the " the Nabob’s Character; if this Check be withdrawn, British Array in the Manner aforesaid, is much increased " and the Choice left absolutely to the Nabob, the t by the Description which he has himself given of the " first Commands in hb Army will be filled with the State of the said Army, and particularly of that Part Vo l. 41. 7 M thereof,

Charges against Mr. Haft ii

594 12* Aprili$. ’ 1780.

thereof, which is stationed in the Nabob of s Dominions. For he did himl'elf, on the 29th of November 1781, transmit the Information following on that Subject to the Court of Directors, namely, " that the remote " Stations of those Troops, placing the Commanding " Officers beyond the Notice and Controul of the " Board [the Council General] at Calcutta, afforded too " much of Opportunity and Temptation for unwarrantable Emoluments, and excited the Contagion of " Peculation and Rapacity throughout the whole Army;

" a most remarkable Instance, and uncontrovertible " Proof of the Prevalence of this Spirit, has been seen " in the Court Martial upon Captain where

" the Court, composed of Officers of Rank and respefitable Characters, unanimously and honourably (

" honourably) upon an acknowledged Fact, acquitted " him, which, in Times of ftrifiter Discipline, would have " been deemed a Crime deserving the severest Punishment" From which Representation (if the said Warren Hastings did not falsely and unjustly accul'e and slander the Company’s Service) it appeared, that the Peculation which infefted the whole Army, derived from the’Taint which it had in Oude, and so fatal to the Discipline of the Troops, would be dangerously increased by his Treaty and Agreement aforesaid with the Nabob, and by his own laid evil Counsel to the Court of Directors.

LXXXIX. That it appears, after the said Warren Hastings had, on Grounds so disgraceful to the British Nation and Government, agreed to remove for ever the British Influence and Interference from the Government of Oude, on Account of the Disorders in the said Government, solely produced by his own criminal Acts and criminal Connivances, that he did overturn his own Settlement as soon as he had made it; and did, after he had abolished the Company’s Residency as a Grievance, wholly violate his own solemn Agreement; for he did, for his private Purposes, continue therein his own private Agent, Major Palmer, with a N umber of Officers and Pensioners, at a Charge to the Revenues of the Country greatly exceeding that of the Establishment under Mr. Bristow, which he did represent as frightfully enormous, and which he pretended to remove; the former amounting to 112,950 /. the latter only to 64,2021.

XC. That his own secret Agent, Major Palmer, did receive a Salary or Allowance equal to 22,800 /. a Year, out of the distressed Province of Oude; and this the said Palmer did dec)are not to be more than he absolutely did really and bond side spend; and that he had retrenched considerably " in feme of the Articles, since " the Expence has been borne by the Vizier, and in " every Particular, he made as little Parade and " Appearance as his Station would admit," his Station being that of the said Warren Hastings's private Agent. But if the said large Salary must be conGdered as merely equal to the Expiences, large secret Emoluments must be presumed to attend it, in order to make it a Place advantageous to the Holder thereof. That the said Palmer did apply to the R°ard at Calcutta for a new Authority to continue the said Establishments, he conceiving their Continuance " after the Period of the tl Governor General’s Departure, depended upon the " Pleasure of the Board, and not upon the Authority of " the Governor General, under the Sanction of which " they were established or confi."

XCI. That the said Warren Hastings, in order to ruin the Resident Bristow, and to justify himself for his former Proceedings respefiting him, did bring before the Board a new Charge against him, for having paid a large Establishment of Offices and Pensions to the Company’s Servants, from the Revenues of Oude; and the said Bristcrw, in making his Defence against the Charge aforesaid, did plead, that he had found all the Allowances 00 his Bill established before his last Appointment to

the Residency; that they had grown to that Excess in the Interval between his first Removal by the said Warren Hastings, and his Re-appointment; and, having adduced many Reasons to make it highly improbable that the said Hastings was perfectly well acquainted with it, and did approve of the expensive Establishments which he the said simply had

paid, but not imposed, he did alledge, btlides the Official Assurances of his Predecefibr Middleton, certain Fads as amounting to a direfit Proof that the Governor General, Wurren Hastings, was not averse to the Vizier’s granting large Salaries to more than One European Gentleman; and the First Instance was to Mr. Thomas, a Surgeon, who, exclusive of his Pay from the Company, which was 1,440/. a Year, claimed from the Vizier, with Mr. Hastings's Knowledge, the Sum of 9,76.3 /. a Year, and upwards, making together 11,2031, per Annum. — The next was Mr. Trevor Wheler, who did receive upon the same Establishment, when he was Fourth Assistant at Oude, 6,000l. a Year; and which last Fad the said Hastings has admitted upon Record, " that the " Accusations of Mr. Bristozo and Mr. Cowper, did " oblige and compel him to acknowledge," denying at the same Time that the Allowance of the Residents Middleton and Bristozo, except in this single Instance, were ever authorized by him: Whereas his own Agent Palmer did, in his Letter of the 27th of March 178.5, represent that the said Salaries and Allowances (if not more and larger) were by him authorized or confirmed.

XCII. That the aforesaid Bristow did also produce the following Letter, in Proof that Mr. Hastings knew and approved of large Salaries to British Subjefiis upon the Revenues of Oude, and which he did declare that nothing but the Necessity of Self-defence could have induced him to produce.

" Dear Bristow,

" Sir Eyre Coote has feme Field Allowances to receive " from the Vizier, they amount to Sicca Rupees 15,554 " per Month, and he has been paid up by the Vizier " to the 20th of August 1782. The Governor has " directed me to write to you, to request you to receive " what is due from the Vizier from the 20th August " last, at the Rate of Lucknozo Sicca Rupees 15,554 " per Month, and fend me a Bill for the Amount, the " Receipt of which I will acknowledge in the Capacity " of Sir Eyre Coote's Attorney; and the Governor " desires that you will continue to receive Sir Eyre " Coote’sField Allowances at the same Rate, and remit

" the Money to me as it comes in.

" Calcutta,

" January 25, 1783. (Signed)

XCIII. That Sir Eyre Coote aforesaid was, at the Time of the said Field Allowances, not serving in the Country of Oude, on which the said Allowances were charged, but in The Carnatic.

XCIV. That from the Declaration of the said Hastings himself, that it was the Convifition of Mr. Bristow and Mr. Cowper that could alone oblige and compel him to acknowledge certain of his aforesaid Practices, and that nothing but the Necessity of Self-defence could have induced «Mr. Bristow to make public another, and much stronger, Instance of the fame, it is to be violently presumed, that where these Two, or either or both, Necessities did- not exilt, many evil and oppressive Practices of the said Hastings do remain undiscovered. That if it had not been for the Contests between him the said Hastings and the Resident Bristow, not only the before-mentioned Particulars, but the Whole of the expensive Civil Establishments for English Servants at Oude, would have been for ever concealed from the Directors, and from Parliament; and

yet

Black friars Bridge.

5*6 Geo. Ill* i2b Apri. £93

yet the said Hastings had the Audacity to pretend so complete an Ignorance of the Fa6ts, that representing the V izier as objecting to the Largeness of the Payments made by Bristow, and stating a very reduced Lift, which he was willing to allow for, amounting to 30,000l. a Year, the said Hastings did affect to be alarmed at the Magnitude even of the Lift f curtailed, expressing himself as follows, iu his Minute of the 7th of December 1784 — " For my own Part, when the Vizier’s Minister " first informed me that the Amount which his Master " had authorized, and was willing to admit, for the " Charges of the Residency, and the Allowances of " the Gentlemen at Lucknow, was 25,000 Rupees pet'

" Month, I own I was startled at the Magnitude of " the Sum, and was some Days hefttating in my " Mind whether I could with Propriety admit of it." Whereas he well knew that the Three Sums alone, of which the Necessities aforesaid had compelled the Discovery, did greatly exceed that Sum, of which, at the First Hearing, he aftefts to have been so exceedingly alarmed, and thrown into a State of Hefttation, which continued for tome days; and although he the said Hastings was conscious that he had at the very Time authorized an Establishment to more than Four Times tire Amount thereof.

XCV. That in the said Deceits, Prevarications, Contradictions, malicious Accusations, fraudulent Concealments, and compelled Discoveries, as well as in the said secret, corrupt, and prodigal Dispofilion of the Revenues of Oude, as well as in his Breach of Faith to the Nabob, in continuing expensive Establishments under a private Agent of his own, after he had agreed to remove the Company’s Agent, the said Warren Hastings is guilty of an High Offence and Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Articles be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mifelctneaners against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which were presented to the House by Mr. Burke upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, are referred.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew. *

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to build a Bridge cross the River t from Black-

friars, in the City of London, to the oppoflte Side, in the County of Surrey, and to make Ways and Passages to and from the same on -each Side of the said River; and, by another Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, they were impowered to complete the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, on the London Side of the said River; and that, by the last mentioned Act, the Petitioners were impowered to embank a certain Part of the North Side fifthe said River, within the Limits therein described, and, for the Purpose of providing a Fund to defray the Expence of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge, they were all’o impowered to charge the Ground to be obtained by the said Embankment with certain Quit Rents to arise therefrom; and that the Petitioners have completed the Works of the said Bridge, and also the said Ern-Vql. 41.

bankment, as directed by the said Acts; and the Annual Funds ariDng from and under the Authority of the said Acts, applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said Bridge, as well as of the lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering thereof, which are productive, amount to no more than 175 /. per Annum, which is quite inadequate thereto, but that a Toll on all Horles and Carriages passing over the said Bridge on a Sunday would, as the Petitioners apprehend, enable them to defray the Annual Expence of lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and keeping the Bridge in pro|>er Repair; and that Pafleugers travelling on a Sunday through the other Avenues and Outlets leading from the Cities of London and Westmtnstei', except Blackfriars Bridge, are liable to a particular and separate Toll for passing through the Turnpikes on.that Day: And therefore prayiDg the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Toll on all Horses and Carriages passing over the said Bridge on Sundays, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Alderman Watson, &fc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Neamham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more

effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or " attempt to attain, Possession of Goods, or Money, by " false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful " Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods " pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public " Houses, by Journeymen,. Labourers, Servants, and " Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Paw nbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, were severally referred, and who were instructed to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayers of the said Petitions; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and bad made Provision therein, according to the Prayers of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being infosmed that Mr. Morton, from

tlte

Pawn-

brokers.

59

11° — 130 Apnlis.

A. 178

East India Affairs.

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to the

Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated 17th January 178.5, relative to his giving up and cancelling certain Bonds and Notes, previous to his Resignation of the Government of 1Bengal: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Vansittart to the Court of Directors, dated 13th 1781, respecting the Part he took in Mr. Hastings's Resignation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then lie withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do Ke upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws respecting the Greenland Whale FKhery.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to this House in this Session of Par* Lament, relative to the Greenland Whale Fishery, be referred to the said Committee. '

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morningl

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant Apnl, resolve itself into a Committee (if-the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid " to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-six," was committed, be " received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 13° die Aprilis;

Anno 26® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1786. PllATERS.

WeoblyWrit. RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of tVeobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Andrew Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Mr. Daniel Pulteney presented to the House, accord- Loiigiibo. ing to Order, a Bill for making a Navigation from the rouf»h

o # ' o o

Junction of the River Soar with the Loughborough Canal Navigation in or near the Liberties of Gar rent on to the Mouth of the River Wreak, and from thence, in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 2d Day of May next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Sevennight, the ment-25th Day of (his Instant April.

Sandwich. See. Small Debts*.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Land Tax

Commis-

fionere.

Dumbarton Roads, See.

Westbury

Overseer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer, Ash next Sandwich,

Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next -

ham, Chillenden, Nomihngton, Woodnesbormgh otherwise Winsborough, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elme-stone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham and breux, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, io the County of Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom Newport, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Bo- I. of Wight, rough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Str«eU-Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Clarke being examined, laid, That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, are irregularly paved, and not properly cleansed or lighted, and are much incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions and that there is no regular nightly Watch within the said Borough.

And the Witness added, That it would be a great Safety and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all Persons resorting thereto, if proper Provisiotis were established for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets,

Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

for

St Margaret,

Wetinunltur.

Stdlmry Magistrates.

26 Geo. III. 130 Jpril597

for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Nat'port in the Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Pye, Mr. Rushworth, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Vestrymen and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Wwas referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, palfed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parishes, were read; whereby it appeared that the Vestrymen of the said Parishes were authorized to make an Assessment upon the Inhabitants, of Six Pence in the Pound, for the Maintenance and Support of the said Watch and Beadles, and for other Purposes. And,

Mr. Thomas Drake being examined, said. That notwithstanding the Provisions of the above-mentioned Acts, several very daring Robberies were in the Year 1782 committed, whereupon it was found necessary to employ an additional Number of Men as a Patrol; but the Money arising from the Assessment authorized to be made by the said Acts not being sufficient, a further Sum of Money hath been raised by voluntary Subscriptions — That the establishing the said additional Patrol hath been the Means of preventing many Robt>eries within the said Parishes, and it is therefore highly expedient that the same should be continued Upon loine certain Fund, to be established for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making an additional Rate upon the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, to defray the Expence of a pro[>er Patrol within the said Parishes: And that the Lord Hood and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Langston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Hodge, Town Clerk, produced to Your Committee the Charter of the said Borough, by which it appeared that the Corporation of Sudbury consists of a Mayor and Six Aldermen, and Twenty-four Capital Burgesses, but only Two can aft as justices; namely, the Mayor for the Time being, and also the Mayor for the preceding Year, who by the said Charter is like-wile His Majesty’s Coroner for the said Borough, for One Year.

That in the case of the Death of the Mayor, or of his Removal out of the said Borough, Power is given to elect a Mayor in his Room; but in case of the Death or Removal of the Justice and Coroner, no Power is given to elect a Justice and Coroner in bis‘Room, so Yol. 41.

that, in the last Event, the Borough may be reduced to One Magistrate ouly.

And Mr. Hodge said, That there are several Statutes now in force, which require Two Magistrates to be present, and to act in the Execution of those Laws, and that upon the Death or Removal of the Justice or Coroner as aforesaid those Laws cannot be executed, nor any Session holden within the said Borough, nor any Inquisition taken on the View of the Body of any Person who may happen to come to an untimely Death. — And the Witness added, That the appointing an additional Number of Magistrates for the said Borough would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and to the Public.

That by an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, all Persons employed in the Woollen and several other Manufactures, and who shall purloin or embezzle anj Materials used in the said Manufactures with which they are intrusted, must be tried before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence is committed.

That an extensive Woollen Manufacture is carried on within the said Borough, and that the Magistrates of the said Borough of Sudbury usually employ a great Number of Workmen in the Woollen Manufacture, and are subject to great Losses, from the Materials used in the said Manufacture being purloined and embezzled by their Workmen or Persons with whom such Materials are intrusted, and that therefore if a Magistrate in the said Borough happens to have his Goods purloined or embezzled, the Offender cannot be proceeded against, unless such Magistrate was to act in the double Capacity of Accuser and Judge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Number of Magistrates for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, in certain Cafe3: And that Mr. Langston and Mr. William Smith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Salisbury, on the Behalf of himself and of the several other Persons who are Owners of divers Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Townships of Shmington with Marion, and Edstone, in the County of York.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Sinnington with Marten, and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read* the First Time.

Resohxd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham', through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Heyton, and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said

7 N Parishes

Sinnington,

Ac.Inclosure.

Ditto.

Gainfboroogh

Bridge.

Gainsborough

Rood.

Little

Smeaton, Ac. Indofuie.

imprison* ment by Courts of Confidence,

Shipping and Navigation.

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

American

Loyalist.

598 i$° Apr Ms*. . 1786.

Parishes of Buckingham and Stiuhdby, through the said Of the Loyalists, attended at the Door; he

Parish of Beckingham, to the Town of Gringlcy on the was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Hitt, in the same County: And the same was received > pursuflnt to their Order,

and read the First Time. An Account of the whole Claims given in by the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, Loyalists to' the Cotmriifliorters appointed to examine

the said Claims, and an Account of the Amount of the Mr. Joftri Smyth presented to the House, according to Claims which have been heard and already liquidated,

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and an Account of the Sum at which the said Claims are Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, liquidated, fend alllb, an Account of the Amount of the and Grounds, in the' Townships of Little Smeaton and Claims not yet) heard' and liquidated.

Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of IVomerstey, in' the West And then he withdrew.

Riding of the County of York: And the same wafs And the Title of the said Account was read, receivdd; and read the First Tithe. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabid,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to be pefulfed' by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Mr. Bastard, according to Order, reported from thfe Papers of this Session.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from Etft lwii* Session of Parliament, intituled, " Atv»Act for reduc- the Directors of foe India Company, attended at Affair*

" ing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors com- the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented " mitted to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts Of to the House, piirfuartf to their Order,

" Confidence in London, Middlesex, and the Borough Copy of the several Minutes of foe Honourable

" of Southwark, to the same Periods jn each Court, Charles Studrt, John Efcjuire, and

" and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Stables, Esquire, recorded in the Revenue Confutations " Gaolers or others on Account of such imprison- Of Fort William, of May and July 1785, on the subject t( foent," to all Courts instituted for the Recovery of of a Plan proposed by the Honourable Charles Stuart,

Small Debts, was committed, the Amendments which for the Collection and ControUl of the Revenue.

the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they And then he withdrew.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read And foe Title of the said Paper was read.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon foe Table,

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: to be perused by the Members of foe House.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Ordered, That such a Number of Copies Of the said and then a Second Time, One by One; artd, upotr the Paper be printed, as as shall be sufficient for the Use of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Members of the House.

House. The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfe Papers of this Session.

ingrafted.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to fevteral1 Papers, xV'hich were Yesterday presented to the *

Order, a Bill for the further Increase and Encourage- House by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East prm ment of Shipping artd Navigation: And thfe same was India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the received; and read the First Time. Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Woollen Exporting upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant , Manufacturers, of the Borough of Hohiton, was pie- Wo0*' April. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

Ordered That the said BHl be printed. the illicit Exportation of British Wool, by secret and

subtle Means, from England into Foreign Countries,

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the has, the Petitioners apprehend, of late, increased to an

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred alarming Degree, to the great Injury of this Kingdom

to take info Consideration the Laws respecting thfe Green- in general, and of the Woollen Manufactory in par-

land Whale Fishery, the Resolution which the Committee ticular: And therefore praying the House to take the had directed him to report to the House; which he important Sobjeft into Consideration, artd enact such read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Laws for the Prevention thereof, as to the House shall Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as seem meet to suppty the Defects of thfe present Sta-followeth; vis. tuteS, so that the felleft And be it Use may bfe made

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of this native Commodity, on which the Value of That a Bounty of Thirty Shilling* per Ton bfe allowed Lands, and the Staple Trade of the Nation, do chiefly on all Ships employed in the Greenland dnd Whaffe depend.

Fishefy, for a Time to be limited. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was. Table, upon thfe Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Ibid.A Petition of certain Linen Manufacturers, and Hemp and Resolution: And that Mr. jMkihstmjMr. Chancellor of others, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Textile Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and ting forfo, That foe Legislatore, by an Act, paflfed Mr. Steele, dO prepare, and bring hr, the same. in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen for the better Encouragement of the Growth of who are appointed1 to prepare and bring in the said Bill, Hemp and Flax in the Kingdom of England, directed That they do make Provision therein for repealing certain certain Bounties to be paid thereon, but, Whether Provisions in the Laws respecting the Greenland and from the Difficulties attending the receiving of the Whale Fishery, and for explaining and amending other said Bounties, or owing to othter Cause* unknown to Provisions relating thereto. the Petitioners, thfe said Act has hitherto failed of

producing foe End which the Legislature had ih The House being informed that Mr. Forster, from View by passing the fame; and that the Petitioners the Commissionere appointed to enquire into the Losses have Reason to believe that very little Addition has 03 been

z6 Geo. III.

13° Apr His.

599

been made thereby to the Quantities of Hemp and Flax prod-teed in England, which Circumstance, joined to a gradual Rife in the Price of Foreign Flax, of nearly Forty per Cent, has exposed the Petitioners to great Hardships in carrying on their Manufacture, and threatens the total Loss of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and, that no left a Sum than from Three to Four hundred thousand' Pounds, which is Annually sent out of the Kingdom for the Purchase of Flax, and Flax Seed, might be saved to this Country, if these Commodities were raised at Home: And therefore praying (he House to take their same into Consideration, and direct some Enquiries to be made into the Causes which have prevented the aforesaid Law from operating with Effect, and grant the Petitioners Rlelief, by taking such Steps as the House shall judge molt1 likely to render the intended Encouragement effectual for the increasing of the Growth' of Hemp and Plax in England.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as if shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Dempster, Scc.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, at Nine' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bridge* in Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to

Scotland. whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Baronet,

Sir James Riddell, Baronet, Sir Hector - Knight

of the Bath, George Ross, Duncan Davidson, Kenneth Mackenzie, Alexander Gray, John Mackenzie, John Anstruther, Alexander Brodie, James Baillie, Simon Fraser, and Coliii Macken, ElquSres, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Courities of Inverness, Ross, Caithness, and The Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hind to report the' lame; as it appeared to ' them, to the Hodfe} and be read the Report in his Place; and afterward^ delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto; in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the Report was read; and is as foi- Bridge* in loweth; viz. Scotland.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Alexander Mackenzie, Esquire, being examined, said. That the large and rapid Rivers of Reidey and Conon, run across the Country Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains to the East Seal — That it is the fingillar Condition of these Rivers to be without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which Circumstance, the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with, great Inconveniency and not unfrequently without the Lois of Lives. — That the Funds and Abilities of the said District are insufficient for this Undertaking, the same having been exhaulted in making Roads and con-ftrttcting Bridges over various Streams in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers. — That* the Rivers Bewley and Conon bound the Eltattes of Locat and Cromarty, which have of late been restored to the former Proprietors — -That during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management, entered at different Times upon v&rious Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers, and paying the Ertpences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but these Rents harving been otherwise applied, neither the find Bridges* nor any other public Work, were carried on upon the said Northern Estates, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland. And the Witness added. That -the said Two Bridges are conceived to be of great Consequence, tending to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished, of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other; and he produced to Your Committee, a certified Copy of Mr. John SnteatMs Estimate and Report, made to the Trustees of the forfeited annexed Estates in Scotland, of the Expeoce necessary for building the said Two Bridges, which is hereunto annexed by way of Appendix.

APPENDIX,

Esf IMATE for building" a Bridge over the River Bewlie at Dumhalloch, being 2io Feet between the Abutments, 20 Feet wide over all, and to conftft of 3 Arches; to be built' with Freeftone.

Preparation for Founding the Piers.

To Timber in Coffer Dams for 2 Piers and 2 Abutments (tetdufive of what is to remain connected therewith) 763 Cube Feet, at 37. 6rf* - -

TO Iron Work for Ditto,-7 Cwt. 3 qrs. at 5<i per lb. -To Pntnps, Piling Machines, and Utends -

Total of the Preparation - -

C * d>

137 — 6 18 1 8 120----

£. s. d.

275 2

The Piers and Abutments to the Spring of the Arches; viz.

To Excavations and Pumping for the Four Foundations, at 20 L each To Timber in Plank, Piles, Bearing Piles, Ribbands, 8td. for -the Four Foundations, 2,568 Cube Feet, at 4 s.----

To Iron Work for the 2 Piers and 2 Abutments, 12 Cwt. 3 qrs. at 5d. per lb. -

To Lead, 6 Cwt. at ad. per lb. ——

.* I

513 12 —

29 15 —

5 12 —

80 — — -

548 19 —

To

Bridges in Scotland.

600 13* jiprilis. A. 178

To Aider in Ditto, 12,304 Feet (the Leading being supposed not to exceed One Mile) at 6d. -To Rubble Work in Ditto, 64 Roods Scots, at 5/. 10#. -To 2d. per Foot extra upon 3,600 Cube Feet of Rubble Blocks, to serve in the Inside for the Bottom Tye and Bond Courles -To 35 Tons of Pozzelana, ground and lifted, ready for Use, at 3 /. 3 s. To 1,432 Cube Yards of Rubble to be deposited round the Piers, for securing the Bottom, at is. 6d. - - - £. s. d. 307 12 — 352 30 110 5 — 107 8 — £. s. d. aaw r —

9°7 5

Total of the Foundations - £ 1,811 6 2

The Superftru&ure:

To Centering for the Arches, which contain in the Whole 4,200 Feet of Sofete, at 1 s. - - - - , -To Aider in the Arches, which at 2. 4 Inches thick, contain 9,800 Cube Feet, at 6d. ------- To Aider in the Caping and Facing, 2,650, at -To Rubble Work -in the whole Superftru&ure, 71 Roods, at 5/. ios. -To extra Work upon the Face of the Spandrels, Abutment, Walls, and Parapets, 9,606 Feet, at 3 </. -To Lead and Iron, for cramping the Caping ---- Filling the Spandrels and Abutments with Quarry Scraps, and levelling the Whole with Gravel, containing 1,921 Yards, at 1#. - 245 66 5 — 390 10 — 120 1 6 8 8 — 96 1 — 210 926 5 6

Total of the Superftru&ure - £ L136 5 6

The terminating Slope at the South, and of the Bridge and Accefe on the North:

To dry Rubble Building in the Wharf Walls, for confining the forced Earth at the South End, containing 13$ Roods, at 3/. lor. -To Rubble Parapets in Mortar, Rood, at 5/. io$. -To extra Work on 270 Feet running of rough Caping and Base, at 3d. To 1,500 Cube Yards of Gravel, for levelling the North End, and forming the Slope on the South End, so as not to be deeper than One in 12, at 6d. per Yard ------- 47 5 — 8 5 — 3 7 6 37 10 — 96 7 6

ABSTRACT:

The Piers and Abutments ----- The Superftrufture ----- The terminating Slopes - - - I- 1,811 6 2 1,136 5 6 96 7 6

Neat Estimate ~ £ 3,043 19 2

Contingencies on the above, at 10 per Cent - 304 7 10

The above being supposed to be performed by those who are expect in those kind of Works; we may add, for Surveyors, and Profit of Undertakers, or Inexperience of Workmen, 10 per Cent more ----- 304 7 10

Total - L 3,652 14 10

N. B. The abore Estimate supposes that Rubble Stone can be procured at 1 s. 6d. per Cube Yard of Wall, laid down in Place, and Lime at tod. per fioll. If those Materials cannot be procured at these Prices, Allowance must be made in the Estimate upon them for the Difference.

Aufthrope,

19th February 1772. (Signed) J. Smeaton.

James Baird.

a6 Geo. III.

i 3° Aprilis.

601

ESTIMATE for building a Bridge over the River , at The Boat of , to be 27G Feet between the Abutments, 20 Feet wide over all, and to confifi of 5 Arches; the Aider of the Piers, Arches, and Facings of Freeftone, and the Core of the Piers, Spandrel, Walls, and Parapets, of Rubble.

Preparation for Founding the Piers:

To Timber in Coffer Dams for the Piers, and 2 Abutments, exclusive of what is to remain connected therewith, 340 Cube Feet, at 3

To Iron Work to Ditto, 3 Cwt. 2 qrs. at 5 d. per lb.

To Pumps, Piling Machines, and UtenfHs -

The Piers and Abutments to the Spring of the Arches;

To Excavations and Pumping For 6 Foundations, at 2b/. each

To Timber in Plank Piles, Bearing Piles, Ribbands, for the Foundations, 3,162 Cube Feet, at 4 s....

To Iron Work for the Piers and 2 Abutments, 16 Cwt. 2 qrs. at 5 per lb.

To Lead, 7 Cwt. 2 qrs. at '2d. per lb.

To Aider in Ditto, 15,120 Cube Feet (the Leading being supposed not to exceed One Mile) at 6 </.

To Rubble Work in Ditto, 65 Roods, at 5/. 10

To 2d. per Foot extra upon 4,602 Cube Feet of Rubble Blocks, to serve in the Inside for the Bottom Tye and Bond Courses, as Aider -

To 40 Tons of Pozzelana, at 3 /. 3 s. per Ton, ground and lifted, ready for

Use ....

To 1,152 Cube Yards of Rubble, to be deposited round the Piers, for securing the Bottom, at 1«. 6 d. - -

Total of the Piers and Abutments

The Superftru&ure:

To Centering for the Ardhes, which contain 5,780 Feet superficial in the Sofete, at 8rf.

To Aider in the Arches, which, at 2 Feet thick, contain 11,560 Cube Feet, at 6 d. - -

To Aider in the Capings and Facings, 3,060 Feet, at 6

To Rubble Work in the whole Superftrufture, 92 Roods, at 5 /. 10$. including Scaffolding -

To extra Work upon 11,664 Feet, Face Measure, of Rubble Walling, in the Spandrels, Abutment, Walls, and Parapets, at

To Cramps and Lead for the Caping -

To filling the Spandrels and Abutments with Quarry Scraps, and levelling the whole Length of the Bridge with Gravel, 2,384 Yards, at 1 s.

Total of the Superflrutture

The terminating Slopes, by Way of Access to the Bridge:

To dry Rubble Building in Wharf Walls, for confining the forced Earth at the End of the Bridge, containing 14 Roods, at 3/. 10#.

To Rubble Parapets in Mortar to Ditto, 2I Roods, at 5/. 10#.

To extra Work on 384 Feet Ranning of Rubble Caping, and Bale of the Parapets, at 3 </. ....

To Gravel, 1$c. for making the Access to the Bridge, and for forming the Slopes, so as not to be steeper than one in j 2; viz. 2,048 Yards, at 6 -

JC * «£

59 —

8 3 4 120-----

632 8

38 10

7 —

378 -

357 10 —

38 7 —

126----

86 8 -

289----

76 10 —

506----

145 16 — 11 4 —

119 4 —

49-----

15 2 6

4 16 — 51 4-

£. s. d.

187 13 4

120-----

677 18 —

986 5 —

1,971 16 4

192 13 4

1,147 14 —

i»34o 7 4 .

120 2 6

Vor.. 41.

7O

ABSTRACT.

Biidges in Scotland.

6oi

130 Aprilis

A. 178

Bridges in Scotland.

ABSTRACT: To Piers and Abutments The Superftru&ure -The terminating Slopes -

£ * d.

1,971 16 4

1,340 7 4

120 2 6

Neat Estimate

3,432 6 2

Contingencies on the above, at 10 per Cent. -

The above being supposed to be performed by those who are expect in those Works; we may add, for Surveyors, and Profit of Undertakers, or Inexperience of Workmen, 10 per Cent, more ..... ....

343 4 7 343 4 7

Total

4,118 15

4

JV. B. The above Estimate supposes that Rubble Stone can be procured at 1 s. 6d. per Cube Yard of Wall, laid down in Place, and Lime at 10 d. per Boll. If those Materials cannot be procured at these Prices, Allowance must be made in the Estimate upon them for the Difference.

Aufthorpe,

19th February 1772.

(Signed) J. Smeaton.

James Baird.

The REPORT of John Smeaton, Engineer, upon sundry Matters referred to him by a Minute of the Board of Trustees of annexed Estates, dated 29th January 1770; as also, by the Letter of Mr. Secretary Barclay, of the 17th July 1771: To which is added, his Opinion upon a Subject pointed out in the Course of his View, by Captain Forbes, who attended him.

The several Subjects are as follows:

Bridge over the River Bewlie -

Ditto - - - - Conan -

Ditto - - - - Altgran -

Harbour or Landing Place at Portleich -

Milns and Watercourse of Miltown, of New Tarbat

Stone Piers at the Ferry of Inverbreakie

-,) Board’s Minutes, 29th January 1770.

- Mr. Secretary Barclay's Letter.

Incroachments of the River Bewlie, upon the Lands at( on . ;n Bewlie ----- -J "

Having carefully viewed the above Subjects, in the Month of August 1771, I transmitted to the Honourable Board, Plans, Directions, and Estimates, for constructing the Three Bridges comprehended in the Three first-mentioned Articles, the 19th of February last; but being in the Course of this Business suddenly called away to London, upon Affairs relative to the Great Canal, as I then by Letter informed the Board, and having been, by a Succession of pressing Affairs, occupied ever since, it is only now that I am able fully to acquit myself of the above Articles.

What regards the Three First Articles, I have in a great Measure delivered myself upon as above mentioned, it only remains that I assign my Reasons for preferring the Situations for which these Plans are respectively drawn.

Respecting the River Bewlie; the River at the present Ferry is not only much wider and deeper than at the Place proposed at Dumballoch, but being much more in the Tide’s Way, would on that Account also be more expensive; and furthermore, as the River seems to threaten to break through the Neck of the Loop, at the extreme Bend of which is the Ferry, it might thereby happen, that the Bridge would become deserted (fee Sketch thereof, relative to the last Subject); and if the Bridge was originally built upon this Neck, the cutting

a4lir tJ

26 Geo. III. 130 Aprilis. 603

of the Neck, and forming of a Dam acrose the River at the present Ferry, with a Road upon it, of sufficient Bridges in Height to be out of the Water’s Mark, would be in itself a considerable extra Expence. At Dumballoch, Scotland, the River has a fair Run, is moderately wide and deep, and has a good Gravel Bottom; and, as I am informed, it will not carry the Road much about. I think, upon the Whole, that this Place is to be preferred to any that was pointed out to me, for the Situation of a Bridge over the River Bewlie.

The fitted Place for a Bridge over the River Conan, has been by the Country in general judged to be at a Place called The Rock. The Reason why 1 did not think this Place proper, I gave in my Letter of the 19th February last, which accompanied the Plans and Estimates; and which, to lave the Trouble of a Reference thereto, I here repeat: — " That I find the total Length of a Bridge there (at the Rock) will be greater, by almost 50 Feet, than " where I propose it, and that it will require One Arch to be built of 114 Feet Span; and as the Water is very " deep underneath, it will require so great an Expence to center and construct such an Arch, betides making " good the Passage over the Remainder of the River, which is almost 200 Feet more, that I apprehend it is far " more eligible to construct the Bridge in the Place 1 have fixed upon, where there is a fair and open Run of the " River.

" The Rock, as so called, being a Kind of concreted Gravel, which appears in a Degree to wear away, by " the Action of the Water, it is no ways certain that the River may not in Part undermine the Foundations of to " great and necessarily heavy an Arch, and which, from the Depth of the Water, it will be difficult to guard against " by artificial Means."

Besides the Place I have proposed; viz. at The Boat of Braan, there is also another Situation Westward, at The Turner’s Boat of Braan; this is so nearly equivalent with the former, that Die same Defigu would suit either Place. But by being further Westward, I apprehend it must take Travellers further round, the Passage at the Common Ferry over Conan being Eastward of all those Places.

Exchequer Chambers, Edinburgh, 9th February 1785.

What is contained on this and the preceding Pages, is a true Copy of Mr. s Estimates for building a

Bridge over each of the Rivers of Bewley and Conan, and of his Report to the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited annexed Estates in Scotland, dated the 26th Day of January 1773, relative to the building of the said Bridges; which Estimates and Report are brought into this Court in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentyrfourth Year of his present Majesty, Cap. 57. Certified by

James Beard.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Stoarbridg* Afr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to

Canal. whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several other Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Forges, Works, Lands, and Estates, lying between Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the City of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town and Parish of Bromsgrove, in Die County of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, and -maduke Lang dale, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers, Forgemen and Workmen of certain Forges, Corn Mills, and Blade Mills, above all which Mills a Navigation is intended to be made from out of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River Severn at a Place called Digits, near Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitxcich Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, were severally referred; and who were instructed to make Provision in the said Bill Vo 1. 41.

for making a Navigable Cut from the intended Canal at or near Ash Coppice, in the Parish of Hanbury, to

communicate with the Droitwich Canal at or near the Town of Droitwich, and for removing Shoals, and other Obstructions, in the River Secern, between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester', That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth-mentioned Petitions, and had also considered the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth-mentioned Petitions, and had allb made Provision in the said Bill for removing the Shoals in the River Secern, according to the said Instruction; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Herring the reunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and Filbery. read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Curers of Fish in the Town of Allonby, on the Coast of Solway Frith, and have, at a great Expence, erected Houses,

Sheds, «§*c. for the greater extending the Herring Fishery on the said Coast, whereby a great Number of Seamen

arc

6 04

13 Apr

A. 1786.

are employed for that Purpose; and, that the Petitioners, now clearly sensible of their most faoguine Efforts being frnftrated, occasioned by the great Importation of Herrings from Sweden into T Isle , where the

laid Herrings are repacked into new Barrels, and from thence re-shipped and cleared out for foine neutral Port or Island, by which Means the said Herrings are unwarrantably taken to and sold at our India Markets, at so low’ a Value as will, in future, unavoidably prevent the British Curers from further' pursuing their laudable Vocations, and through this Channel of Advantage many of our Fifti Merchants have been induced to adventure In that Line, which, if continued, will irremediably strike at the Root of the British Fisheries: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give them Arch Relief therein as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Coals used in Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom I-ofAnglefey. the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Samuel More, Esquire, being examined, said, There are Two Mines of Copper in Anglesey, both of which he had seen, but had not any Interest in either — That the Ore is carried from those Mines to be smelted, the greater Part to Saint Helen’s, near Liverpool, and some to Swansea, in Glamorganshire, because there is not Fuel in the Island for linelting it — That no Duty is paid on Coals at the Places to which the Ore is lent. — Being asked. If the Copper Ore of Cornwall is carried to the Coal Mines to be smelted ? he said, He believed great Part of it is — That the Price of Coal in Lemcashire, where the Ore is sent to be smelted, is 5 s. or 5$. 6d. at the Delivery at the Works, and on Shipboard at Swansea 45. 3 d. per Ton — That the Freight of Coals from Liverpool to Anglesey is near 6 s. per Ton, and from Srvansea about 7 s.exclusive of Port Duties. — And being asked, Whether there is any Fire Engine yet erefited in Anglesey ? he laid, It is some Time since he was there — That there is not, nor any Work for smelting Copper — That when he was there the Mines were about Twenty Yards deep — That they are different from any Mines that be had ever seen, the Ore being all in one Mass, like Limestone and Gravel — That there are some Advantages in that, but which may hereafter turn out in some Degree to their Difedvantage, for as they have begun by opening a large Space, and will hereafter be obliged to fink Shafts, as is usual in Mining, the great Opening will serve as a Funnel to receive a large Quantity of Rain Water, and tend to fill up the Mine — That the Altitude of the Mountains from the Level of the Island may be about or under 200 Feet, and the Openings are very near the Summit of the Hill. — -And being asked. In what Degree the Discouragement the Mines are said to have suffered, has been hitherto felt? he said, The Company themselves are the heft Judges of that. — Being asked, Whether they are near the Bottom of the Ore? he said, That when he was there they were not near it. — And being asked, How soon his Observation led him to think a Fire Engine would be necessary? he said, He should imagine soon; that it depends much on Circumstances — That it may be necessary directly, and may not for a considerable Time. — And being asked, If he had tried the Ore? he said, He had, and all the Materials that come from the 01

Mountain where it is raised — That the Ore hi its Raw State is so poor, as not to produce on the Average One in Twenty. — And being asked, Whether he knew’, that, notwithstanding the Poorness of the Ore, the Work is exceedingly profitable ? he said. He was not competent to speak to that, but it is understood so to be — That he had always heard from the Parties themselves that it was. — And being asked, Whether the Miners have an ealy Method of increasing the Value of the Ore by burning it on the Grass when landed, without the Expence of Fuel I he said, The Nature of the Ore is such, that it is very easily let on Fire so as to be calcined in large Kilns, w’itbout much Expence of Fuel; but by being thus calcined in the open Air, a very great Proportion of the Metal itself is loft in the Operation, notwithstanding the Methods made use of to recover some of the Metal by Precipitation, by Means of Iron, Plates- — That after this Calcination, he should suppose the Produce of the Ore is on the Average about Two in Twenty. — And being asked, Whether the Water follow's in digging up the Ore from the Mate, as it does in other Mines? he said, Not near in the same Proportion as it does when the Veins are small. — And being asked. What is the Altitude of the Mountain from the Level of the Sea? he said, From 300 to 350 Feet, he believed, from that Part of the Mountain where they were at Work when he was there; and that Part of it next the Sea forms a bold Shore. — And being asked. What Stratum a Level from the High Water Mark to the Mine would go through? he said, He believed a hard Quartz, and not any Metals, for none appeared to him. — And being asked, If there are Adits from Mines in Cornwall of as great a Length as that which would be necessary from draining the Mines in Anglesey? he said. He believed there are. — And being asked. How the Water was got out of the Anglesey Mine when he was there? he laid, By a Horse Wheel, called A Whim. — And being asked. Whether, in case the Petitioners succeed, and the Drawback should be allowed, the Processes that w’ould then be used by the Proprietors in smelting the Ore, would be more injurious to the circumjacent Country than the Processes now used ? he said, Certainly not — That they cannot be more injurious; and, if they were, the Country is so ruined already, that it cannot be made worle. — And being asked, Whether the present Produce of the Ore will pay the Expence of an Act from the Mine as he had describedit? he said, It w’ould not. — And being asked. What will be the Expence of an Act ? he said. Nobody can tell — that he took the common Average Price of making Adits to be Twelve Guineas a Yard, but it may be more. — And being asked, What is the Annual Produce of the Mine? he said, He did not know. — And being asked, Why he thought the Mine would not bear the Expence of an Adit? he said, Because, if the Ore continues as poor as it is now, the increasing Charge of raising it will be such, that it will not bear both Expences. — And being asked, What is the Average Proportion of the Produce of the Cornish Mines? he said, Two and an Half in Twenty — That the Standard Price of Copper may be said to be 80 /. per Ton. — And being asked, What, at that Price, is the Anglesey Ore, which produces One in Twenty, worth to the Proprietors? he said, The general Rule for finding the Value of Ore is to multiply the Standard by the Product, which gives the Value in Shillings; from that Product to dedu6t 3 /. for Smelting Charges, which is universally allowed, and the Remainder will be the Value; which, in the Instance of the Anglesey Ore, is Twenty Shillings per Ton — That by the same Mode of Calculation, the Ore which produces Two and an Half in Twenty, is worth 7/. per Ton to the Proprietors; and that the great Increase of Value arises from the Smelting Charges being only 3 /. on each Kind of Ore. — And being asked, What Proportion

of

Xand Tax Comm*.

Tonbridge

Seaford

Elediou.

Members

famooned.

0,6 Geo. III. 130 — 25° 605

of the Metal is actually loft, after all the Processes of burning and smelting? he said, About One-third.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of - this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to be raised in Great Britai, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six," was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Yews of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing amd widening the Road from Tonbridge to M, amd from Wats Cross to Camden, in the County of Kent, fe fer as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, was read a Second Tima

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Marskam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, Ten Of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 25* die Aprilis;

Anno 26° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1786.

Pr a ye us.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town ana Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Me Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Plaees adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

You 41.

And the Door ,of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which bad been before prepared) and pat into Six G ladies, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, amd read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not ob jeftetP to.

And the Name of William Young, Elquite, being drawn, be was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Coanfel for the Sifting Members, and his Name was set afida

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, theft present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the find Names, the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set tffide, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Seven, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; and Twenty-one, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named the Right honourable William Wyndhenn to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House befog opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Langston presented to the House, according to Sudbury Order, a BUI for mcreasing the Number of Maglstrates Maglft rates, for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, id certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. WeddeU presented to the Hoofe, according to Huddersfield Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons luclosure-and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Kidwelly, of foe Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, &c- Roads, widening, and keeping m Repair, several Roads leading from KidtoeUy, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, lb far as relates to the Uandib District of the said Roads; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kernien Bridge to Grygyrwen Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from Font j Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's House to join the last-medtiooed Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop, near Pont ar Dyla sTurnpike Gate, to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gurrecach Turnpike

Gate to Pompren Penpwll, and from Cefn to

Pompren Penpwll, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William 7 P Mansel,

Exporting

Wool.

Ditto.

Godstone

lload.

Kidwelly, See. Roads

606 2 50 ApriliA. 1786.

Mansel, Mr. Johnes, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th'e Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Woollen Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Bamest in the County of Decon, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Exportation of British Wool, by secret and illicit Practices, from England into Foreign Countries, has lately increased to an alarming Degree, to the great Injury of this Kingdom in general, and the Woollen Manufactory in particular; and that the Petitioners apprehend large Quantities of live Sheep are Annually sent off from various Parts of the Kingdom, which adds greatly to the Injury com* plained of: And therefore praying the House to take these important Subjects into Consideration, and to take such Measures to remedy this Evil, as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Woollen Manufacturers, and others, of the Borough of Ashburton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the illicit Exportation of Wool from this Island, by secret Means, into Foreign Countries, has of late, the Petitioners have Reason to believe, increased to an alarming Degree, to the great Injury of this Kingdom in general, and of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying the House to take the important Subject into Consideration, and enact such Laws as to the House shall seem meet, to supply the Defects of the present Statutes, so that the fulled and belt Use may be made of this native Commodity, on which the Value of Lands, the Trade of the Nation, and the Employment of its Inhabitants, do chiefly depend.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the " County of Surrey, to H, in the Parish of " East Grimtead, in the County of Sussex," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing within the several Parishes of Corrwyl Cayo, Llansawell, -erwys, Llanybuther, Pencarreg, and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen, employed in Husbandry, and the Improvement and Tillage of the Lands in the said respective Parishes, in Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons resident in the same Parishes, or either of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, w idening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from

Kidu'clly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in said County, Trustees were authorized to erect Toll Gates and Toll Houses in, upon, or across, any Part or Parts of the several Roads therein described, and to take certain Tolls thereat, to be applied in the Repair of the Roads therein described j and that in such Act is contained an Exemption, that no Toll shall be demanded for the passing of any Horse, or other Beast,. Cart, or other Carriage, laden with Lime only, or returning unladen, having delivered such Lime, or going empty to fetch Lime, or returning laden with Lime, and the Term limited by the said Act is nearly expired; and that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and other Purposes, in which Bill there is no Clause of Exemption that no Toll shall be demanded for the passing of any Horse, or other Beast, Cart, or other Carriage, laden with Lime only, or returning unladen, having delivered such Lime, or going empty to fetch Lime, or returning laden with Lime, whereby the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved, by Reason that they, being at a great Distance from Lime, and travel over to fetch such but a small Part of the Roads described in the Act, the Expence of Lime to the Petitioners being now as much as they can well bear, and if not indulged with the said Exemption will prevent them proceeding in the Tillage and Improvement of Lands in that Part of the Country, and thereby they and their Families mutt be much reduced, their whole Dependence and Subsistence being in the Yearly Produce of their Farms, and, if deprived of the said Exemption as to Lime, in this Act, as in that passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Price of Lime will be considerably advanced, and the Petitioners must, owing thereto, be, in a great Measure, deprived of that Manure, which they are, from the Poverty and Bar-rennels of that Part of the Country, unable to sustain, having no other Kind of Manure there, in order to proceed in their Yearly Agriculture, and Improvement of their Farms: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, upon the said Bill, in Support of a Clause to exempt the Petitioners from the Payment of loll at any Gate or Turnpike erected, or to be erected, by virtue of the said Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or the said intended Act, for the extending such for the passing of any Llorfe, or other Beast, Cart, or Carriage, laden with Lime only, or returning unladen, having delivered such Lime, or

?oing empty to fetch Lime, or returning laden with dme, and of such other Clauses as they shall be advised, and the particular Situation of this same calls for, or that the House will make such Order as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from in foe County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and, for amending and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kennen Bridge to Grygyr-wen Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near. Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the Ilonle of /Palter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's House to join the lust-mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys /Valter, and from the Smith’s Shoo, near Pont ar Dylas Turnpike Gate, to the Road leading from.

__o

2t6 Geo. III.

a5° Ap

607

Swansea to Llanelly, and from Turnpike

Gate to Pompren Penpwe and from Cefn to

Pompren Penpwel, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Brooghtou Sir James Langham presented to the House, accord-

laclofaie. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

HiringAoue A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

bndgeCaiial. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places through or by which a navigable Cut or Canal, and River Navigation, from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, is intended to be made, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, acrose the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at Barrow upon Soai', and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Lime-stone to the said Canal'and Navigation; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill pafies into a Law, it will materially affect and injure the Property of the Petitioners, and other Owners and Occupiers of Land through or by which the said Cut or Canal, and River Navigation, is proposed to be made: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, situate, Handing, and being in or near the several Parishes or Places through which a Cut or Canal, and River Navigation, from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, is intended to be made, was allb presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That, if the same palfes into a Law, it will not only very materially affect and injure the Property of the Petitioners, and other Owners and Occupiers of Mills, deriving their Supplies of Water from the Streams and Currents which, in the Event of such Bill passing, will be taken to supply the said Canal and Navigation, but will also occasion great Injury and Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places in and near which the said Mills are situate, for whose Use the same Mills are almoli wholly employed in the grinding of Com: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Dut*. a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation from the River Trent to the Town of Loughborough, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, by Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Navigation from the River Trent to the V01, 41.

Town of Loughborough was vested in the Petitioners, and completed by them, at a great Expence, and on a great Hazard of its Success; and that the said Loughborough Navigation receives its principal Supply of Water from the Streams and Currents, which, should the proposed Bill pass into a Law’, will necessarily be made use of, and taken to supply the said intended Canal and Navigation from Thringstone Bridge to Loughborough, and will otherwise most materially affect the Property and Interests of the said Company, though the said in-. tended Canal and Navigation will not be productive of any elsentiul Advantage to the Public; and that the said proposed Navigation from Thringstone Bridge to Loughborough will be exceedingly detrimental, if not ruinous, to the Petitioners, by depriving them of the Conveyance of Goods, and particularly of Coal, which is the Support of the said Loughborough Navigation,

and on the Confidence of which the Petitioners adventured their Money therein: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons who Names are Tbringfton* thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees of the Tolls Bridge Canal, a riling and to be taken by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the one made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the " Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester ,"and the other made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual the above-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorlon Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempstone, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, w'as also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there is a Loan of 4,561 /.

184. 7 s. already advanced and lent upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Roads, apd the same Tolls, which Annually arise therefrom, are barely sufficient to pay the Annual Interest of the said Sum of 4,561 I. 18 7 d.

and to keep the said Roads in any tolerable Repair; and that, if such Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be to the entire Ruin of the Revenue of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, and the Petitioners will be thereby greatly injured, as the aforesaid Turnpike Roads are chiefly supported by the Carriage of Coal thereon from the several Collieries to which the said intended Canal to be made lies contiguous, and if the said intended Canal should be made, the aforesaid Turnpike Roads will be of very little or no Use, and the Security of the Petitioners will be greatly endangered, if not totally abolished: And

therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law

A Petition of the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Ditto. Emanual College, in the University of Cambridge,

Patrons of the Living of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and the Reverend Samuel Blackall, the present Incumbent on the said Living was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill pafies into a Law, it will in its Operation not only destroy a large Quantity of very valuable new inclosed Land belonging to the said Rectory, but, from the Situation of the Lands through which the Canal is proposed to be made, will also otherwise he very detrimental and injurious to the Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying.

That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read

a Second

LIII

6o8

25 Aprilis. A. 1786.

a Ssecond Time; and the Four first-mentiowed Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard', at the same Time, in Favour of the Ihrd Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

pilchard A Petition of several Persons concerned in the Pil-Fishery. chafd Fishery, whose Names are thereunto fobfcribted, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, soon after the left Seaton for taking Pilchards ended, when the Quantity of Fish taken could be ascertamed, were induced to apply to the House to take the Distresses of that valuable Branch of Commerce into their Confidefattion, and their Petition was ready to be presented before the Expiration of the Time limited by the House for receiving Private Petitions expired, btrt it being necessary that His Majesty’s Recommendation should be given, and such Recommendation not having been obtained till the Time for receiving Private Petitions lapsed: Therefore praying, That Leave may now be given to present the said Petition.

Ordered, That, in Cortsideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery.

Then a Petition of the principal Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery, oh Behalf of themselves and other Adventurers interested therein, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read, Setting forth. That the Pilchard Fishery, for mahy Years past, hath been so unsuccessful, that a very considerable Lois has attended the carrying on the same, and has reduced a great Number of the Persons concfemed to Poverty and Distrefe, which induced them to apply to the House the last Session for Relief; but, notwithstanding ah additional Bounty was then granted for One Year, the Fishery has since turned out so very unsuccessful, and even more so than Twenty preceding Years, that the Adventurers, and especially the labouring Fishermen, are in a more dlftreffed Situation than when Application was lately made for Relief to Parliament, and, without further Assistance, it is apprehended the said valuable Branch of Commerce Will be tdtally ioft to this Country: And therefore praying, that such further Relief may be granted as to the House shall feCm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hbulfe.

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Rash-teigk, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pbifons, Papers, and Records.

Margate Mr. Janies Lultrell reported from the Committee,

rlayhouse. w|j0m y,e gjj to enab|e His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Iste of Thanet, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through die Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which 03

they had dtreSed hiiW fd report to the HoUfe; and he read the Report jw his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where die Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ifoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed,

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Borough Hawkers aid of Penryn, in the County of Cor iked ll, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feet the Resident Shopkeepers so deeply interested in the fell brought into the House to repeal the qth and lith ClauseS of the Hawkers and Pedlars A S passed last Year, that they cannot in Silence fee so real a Grievance passed into a Law, the 9th and nfh Clauses being the only Alleviation to the Petitioners for the heavy Shop Tax imposed on them, and, if those restraining Clauses ate repealed, the Petitioners will feel the said Tax bdrthenfome and distressing; and that the said Clauses, dS they now stand, are beneficial to the Community, as the Means of preventing those itinerant Traders, the Hawkets and Pedlars, itapofing on the unWary and unexperienced in the Sale of their Wares, and the Petitioners, from their resident Situation, must bear the Burthen of every Species of Taxation, while the Hawkers and Pedlars are liable to very few, and, by thteir insidious Artifices (having in general no Character at Stake) may greatly prejudice the refid-ingTradeSman in his fair lawful Trade, and render it out of his Power to bear the numerous Taxes to which he necessarily is liable: And therefore the Petitioners, relying oh the Readiness of the House to relieve the fair Trader, flatter themselves that the House will take their same into Consideration, and render them the desired Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Seffiott of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties oh Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chap-" men, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Honourable Charles Pinch, on Coventry Behalf of himself, and Charles and George his Infant c<u>al-Sons, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; ana Setting forth, That, in the said Bill, is contained a Ciaule proposing to enaS, that it shall be lawful for the Company of Proprietors to cause the said Canal to be carried by Tunnels under any Gardens, or Farm Yards, the said Company causing the Ground oyer such Tunnels to be levelled and placed in such , Manner, as that the Owners or Occupiers of such Gardens and Farm Yards may sustain as little Damage by the making such Tunnels as may be, and allb making Compenfetion to such Owners or Occupiers for aH Damage they shall thereby sustain, in Manner directed by the said Act, with respect to any Lands to be made tlfe of for the said Canal; and Alledging, That the Petitioner, under the Will of Charles Jeitnens, Esquire, deceased, is Tenant for

Life

Googh

The Clink Pa?ing, kc.

L»mbeth,&c

Road*.

26 Geo. III. 250 Apr 609

Life in Possession, with Remainder to his First and other Sons, successively, in Tail Male, of divers Estates by the said Will deviled, Part whereof consists of an Ancient Capital Messuage, and divers Lands called situate

in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Wamide, of the Yearly Value of 350/. and the proposed Line of the said Canal extends over the Petitioners said Estate for upwards of One Mile, and, although the said Company of Proprietors are, by the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, empowered to carry the said Canal through and over the Petitioner's said Estate for lb considerable an Extent, they are thereby restrained from carrying the same through or over the Gardens and Yards belonging to the Petitioner’s said Capital Messuage of Pooley; and that the carrying of the said proposed Canal by a Tunnel under the Gardens and Yards belonging to the Petitioner’s said Capital Messuage (which is intended to be done by Means of the said Clause, if the same shall pass into a Law, and which the Petitioner believes to be the foie Object of the said Clause) will be attended with great Inconvenience to the Petitioner, and will prevent him from ever residing in the said Messuage, and is wholly against the Consent of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is referred, against the said Clause so affecting the Property of the Petitioner, and may have such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Clink, or Bishop of ’s Liberty, in

the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, and also Foul Lane, leading from the High Street in the said Borough, towards the said Parish Church and the Public Market, and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, in the said Liberty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Hungerford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Rolls was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King the

Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and' keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads, for widening certain Parts

Vol. 41.

of the said Road, leading from Westminster Bridge towards Kensington Common, for amending, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Raw, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Blackfriars Bt'idge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital, and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street, aforesaid, into the said Blackfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such newr Road, for repairing the Road between the South End of Blaclfriars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Parish of Christ Church, and for reducing all the Acts into One Act; and setting forth, That the Petitioner is interested in the Regulations proposed to be adopted by the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to him: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Interest.

A Petition of Jane West, Widow, was also presented Lambeth,&c. to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill j And fitting forth, That the Petitioner is entitled to very considerable real Property in Saint George's Fields, and, should the said Bill, as the Petitioner is advised, pais into a Law, the Petitioner will' be much injured thereby: And therefore praying, That (he may be heard, by herself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as lhe shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Boffiney the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bossiney, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Bomber Gascoyne, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, em- Greenland ployed in the Whale Fishing from the Port of Dundee, ^shale was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 1 ery‘ That the said Port, existing chiefly by its Trade and Shipping, to secure a Supply of Seamen for the Use of the Trading Vessels, the Whale Fishing was attempted in 1752, and was persevered in till 1781, when it was dropped, though then encouraged by a Bounty of Forty Shillings, and the Want of this valuable Nursery of Seamen has, since that Period, been very sensibly felt by the Trade of the said Place, in the Scarcity of Seamen,

Advance of their Wages, and in being forced to employ raw unexperienced Men to navigate their Ships, to the very great Hazard of the Petitioners Property; and that to preserve a Body of Seamen at the said Port, and to prevent a total Annihilation of its Shipping, the Petitioners, in Confidence that the Bounty of Forty Shillings was to be continued, were induced to fit out Two Vessels this Seal'on for the Greenland Fishing, at an Expence of 10,000l. but they mult relinquish all Hopes of continuing a Business which must end in the Loss of their Capital, if that Encouragement is discon- . tinued, upon which its Existence depends; and that the Petitioners need not repeat to the House the numerous and well-known Advantages arising to the Community

7 Q from

Papers to be printed.

Shipping and Navigation.

Newfoundland Fisheries.

Reduction ef

National

Debt.

Kirkwall, &c. Election.

6io 2 50 Aprilis. A. 17 £6.

from the Greenland Trade, by the Number of Seamen it employs, by its Demand for Sail Cloth, and Cordage, by its Encouragement of Shipbuilding, and by its Con-(liinption of Black Cattle, Corn, Spirits, and alrnolt every Article of internal Manufacture; and that, by the Encouragement of Government, this Country has been enabled not only to learn the said Branch of Trade from their Neighbours, but to gain a Superiority over them, yet it is only by a Continuance of that Encouragement this Superiority can be maintained; and, the Petitioners beg Leave to remind the House, that our Rivals in Trade are now setting at Work every Engine to supplant us in every Branch, and the Petitioners trust the House will think this a very improper Period to withdraw that Support which alone can enable us to defeat their Purposes: And therefore hoping, That the House, from a Conviction of the Importance of the Greenland Trade to this Country, and of the Necessity of protecting it, will continue the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, as formerly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and Papers, which have been pre-lented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Greenland and Southern Whale Fishery, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock;

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of Sir James Riddell, of Ardnamurchan, Baronet, complaining of the last Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

The Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, That the Indenture whereby George Ross, Esquire, of Cromarty, is returned a Commissioner for the said District of Burghs, was delivered into the Office

of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the Eighth Day of this Instant April, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the Twenty-fifth Day of January last, requiring all Persons that will question any Returns, to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House not having proceeded upon Bufinefe since the Thirteenth Instant;

And the House being informed, that the said Petitioner would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon Bufinefe since the Thirteenth Instant;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now admitted to be received, the same not being presented in due Time, because the House have not proceeded upon Bufinefe since the Thirteenth Instant until this Day.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, in Scotland, which Election was held in Kirkwall on the 15th of March 1786; and that, at the said Election, Benjamin Williamson, Esquire, Junior, of Banneskirk, and Captain William MtLean, of Craigtown, the Delegates for the Burghs of Wick and Dornoch, duly chosen and appointed for. those Burghs, voted for the Petitioner, and certain other Persons, pretending to have legal Commissions, and to have been duly chosen Delegates for the Burghs of Kirkwall, Tain, and Dingwall, voted for George Ross, Esquire, of Cromarty; and that the said George Ross, by himself, and his Agents in his Behalf, and others, by their Privity and Direction, previous to, during the Time of, or since the said Election, were guilty of Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, entering into U nconftitu tional Agreements for that Purpose, keeping back the Writ, and forcibly excluding Persons entitled to be prefect at the Election, in order to procure the said Election in Favour of the said George Ross; and that the said George Ross was ineligible and incapable to serve in Parliament, having been an Army Agent, having Public Money in his Hands in that Capacity, and enjoying Emolument, Profit, and Advantages through the Medium of those by whom the Agencies of various Regiments in His Majesty’s Service were conducted; and that the Petitioner, having had the Votes of the Delegates of the Burghs of Wick and Dornwho were the only legal Electors at the said Election, ought to have been returned, notwithstanding which the said George , Esquire, was returned as the Burgefe duly elected to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Burghs, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give fu9h Redress therein as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 23d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament^ the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records,

as

Sttford

Yit&ion.

Siinington,

Irc.inclosure.

Debtor*

Petition*

Scotch Society for promoting ChriAian Knowledge.

Gibraltar

Prize*.

26 Geo. III.

35° — 2$q

611

as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, of the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being . again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lilt of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unitruck; to which last mentioned Lilt the Names of William Young, Esquire, and the Right honourable William Wyndham, being added, the same was called

over, and is as follows:

Thomas Master, Esquire, the Lord Sir

John Morshead, Baronet, Edward Esquire,

John Nesbitt, Esquire, Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, the Honourable George Keith Elph'mstone, Lord Viscount Palmer stone, Edward Cotsford, Esquire, Sir Walter Rawlinson, George Dempster, Esquire, Lord Viscount Duncamum, John Clevland, Esquire, William Young, Esquire, the Right honourable William Wyndham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, now taken into Confederation, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Simtitigton with Mar ton and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 11181 the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the King’s Bench Prison, in Behalf of themselves, and several Thousand Fugitives, either pining in Gaols at Hope, or wandering in Exile Abroad, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrefe, and praying Relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

Resohed, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain,' amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, " and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer " of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval De-M partment at Gibraltar the like 'Bounty for destroyiqg " certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the 4‘ Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s Vol. 41.

" Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War tf belonging to the Enemy."

Resohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- CoaUufedio night, the Ninth Day of May next, resolve itself into a of

Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report ng which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 69die Aprilis;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Pratebs.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to license Margate a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Playnoufe.

gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. James Luttrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Stourbridge navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation Canal, to the River Seoern, near to the City of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 93. 1. ult. To leave out " in such dry Season."

Pr. 120. 1. 26. After " Stafford" to infect "or for " the City of Worcester, and " County of the same City."

Pr. 127. 1. 16. After " Stafford" to insert " or the " City of Worcester, and County " of the same City."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, and for varying certain Rates nr Dues granted to the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation; and for removing Shoals in the R^ver Severn between the Cities of Worcester and Gloucester’, and for other Pqr^ poses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do parry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report wjbjqh, upon the 26th Pilchard Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, was Fl<hery-made (ram the Committee who were appointed to enquire info the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, be referred to foe Committee, to whom foe Petition of foe principal Persons concerned in foe Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and other Adventurers interested therein, is referred.

Ordered,

Account to We printed.

Net Produce of Taxes.

Charges against Mr. Waitings

Sic. Orig.

Sic, Orig.

61

26° Aprilis.

A. 178

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all Grain and Com imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1771, and from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1785, diiiinguishing each Year; which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant April, by Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Custams, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes from Christmas 1784 to the 5th of April 1785; and from Christmas 1785 to the 5th of April 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the find Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Burke presented to the House several other Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

And the said Articles were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

Further Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Hastings, Esquire,

late Governor General of,

N° 17. Mahomed Reza Khan.

I. That it was the declared Policy of the Company, on the Acquisition of the Duannee of Bengal, to continue the Country Government, under the Inspection of the Resident at the Nabob’s Durbar in the First Instance, and that of the President and Council in the last; and for that Purpose they did stipulate to assign, for the Support of the Dignity of the Nabob, an Annual Allowance from the Revenues, equal to # Four hundred Pounds a Year.

II. That, during the Country Government, the principal active Person in the Administration of Affairs, for Rank, and for Reputation of Probity, and of Knowledge in the Revenues and the Laws, was Mahomed Reza Khan, who, besides large Landed Property, was possessed of Offices, whose Emoluments amounted nearly, if not altogether, to One hundred thousand Pounds a Year.

IV. That the Company’s Servants, in the Beginning, were not conversant in the Affairs of the Revenue, and stood in Need of Natives of Integrity and Experience to act in the Management thereof. On that Ground, as well as in regard to the Rank which Mahomed Reza Khan held in the Country, and the Confidence of the People in him, they, the President and Council, did inform the Court of Directors, in their Letter of the 30th of September 1765, that " as Mahomed Reza Khan's " short Administration was irreproachable, they determjned to continue him in a Share of the Authority;" and this Information was not given lightly, but was founded upon an Enquiry into his Conduct,

and a minute Examination of Charges made against him by his Rivals in the Nabob's Court; they having in-fmuated to the Nabob, that a Design was formed for deposing him, and placing Mahomed Reza on his Throne; but, on Examination, the President and Council declare, that " he had so openly and candidly accounted for " every Rupee disbursed from the Treasury, that they " could not, without Injury to his Character, and " Injustice to his Conduct, during his short Adminifixation, refuse continuing him in a Share of the " Government."

V. That the Company had Reason to be satisfied

with the Arrangement made, so far as it regarded him; the President and Council having informed them in the following Year, in their Letter of the 9th of December 1766, that " the large Increase of the Revenue must, " in a great Measure, be alcribed to Mr. s Affiduity, and to Mahomed Reza profound

" ledge in the Finances."

VI. That the then President and Council, finding

it necessary to make several Reforms in the Administration, were principally aided in the same by the Suggestion. Advice, and Assistance of the said Mahomed Reza KhAn-, and in their Letter to the Court of Di-

rectors of the 24th of June 1767, they state their Relo-lution of reducing the Emoluments of Otfice, which before had arisen from a Variety of Presents, and other Perquisites, to fixed Allowances; and they state the Merits of Mahomed Reza KhAn therein, as well as the Importance, Dignity, and Responsibility of his Station, in the following Manner:

" Mahomed Reza KhAn, has now, of himself with " great Delicacy of Honour, represented to us the evil " Consequences that must ensue from the Continuance " of this Practice; since by suffering the principal " Officers of the Government to depend for the Support of their Dignity on the precarious Fund of Perquisites, they in a Manner oblige them to pursue " oppressive and corrupt Measures, equally injurious to " the Country and the Company; and they accordingly " assigned Twelve Lack of Rupees for the Maintenance " and Support of the said Mahomed Reza KhAn, and " Two other principal Persons who held in their Hands " the most important Employments of that Government, " having Regard to their elevated Stations, and to the Expediency of supporting the n? in all the Shew and " Parade requisite to keep up the Authority and Influence of their respective Offices, as they are all Men of Weight and Consideration in the Country, who " held Places of great Trust and Profit under the former " Government. We further propose, by this Act of " Generality, to engage their cordial Services, and " confirm them steady in our Interests, since they cannot " hope, from the most fuccelsful Ambition, to rife to " greater Advantages by any Chance or Resolution of " Affairs. At the same Time it was reasonable we " should not lose Sight of Mahomed Reza Khan's past " Services; he has pursued the Company’s Interest " with Steadiness and Diligence; his Abilities qualify " him to perform the most important Services. The " unavoidable Charges of his particular Situation are " great; in Dignity he (lands Second to the Nabob " only; — and as he engages to increase the Revenues, " without Injustice or Oppression, to more than the " Amount of his Salary, and to relinquish those Advantages, to the Amount of Eight Lacks of Rupees per " Annum, which he heretofore enjoyed, we thought it " proper, in the Distribution of Salaries, to consider Mahomed Reza KhAn in a Light superior to the other Ministers. We have only to observe farther, that great " and enormous as the Sum must appear, which we have " allotted for the Support of the Ministers of the Government, we will not hesitate to pronounce that it is necessary and reasonable, and will appear so, on the

" Consideration

6 GeO. Ill, $6° Jpri* 613

Con federation of the Power which Men employed on " these important Services have, either to obstruCfc or " promote the public Good, unlefe their Integrity be coh- firmed by the Ties of Gratitude and Interest."

VII. T'bat the said Mahomed Reza continued, with the same Diligence, Spirit, and Fidelity, to execute the Trustreposed in him, which comprehended a large Proportion of the Weight of Government, and particularly of the Collections; and his Attachment to the Interest of the Company, and his extensive Knowledge, was again, in the Course of the Year 1767, fully acknowledged, and Hated to the Court of Directors; and it farther appears, that, by an irvceflant Application to Business, his Health was considerably impaired, which gave Occasion, in the Year following, that is, in February 1768, to a fresh Acknowledgment of his Services, in these Terms: "We must, in Justice to Mahomed " Reza Khdn, express the high Sense we entertain of 11 his Abilities, and of the Indefatigable Attention he has shewn in the Execution of the important Trust reposed in him; and we cannot but lament the Prospect of " losing his Services, from the present declining State of " his Health."

VIII. That as, in the Increase of the Revenue, the said Mahomed Reza Khdn was employed as a Person likely to improve the same without Detriment to the People, so, when the State of any Province seemed to require a Remission, he was employed as a Person disposed to the Relief of the People without Fraud to the Revenue; and this was expressed by the President and Council as follows, with relation to the Remissions granted in the Province of Bahar " That the general " Knowledge of Mahomed Reza Khdn, in all Matters " relative to the Duannee Revenues, induced us to " consent to such Deductions being made, from the " general State of that Province at the last Poonah, V as may be deemed irrecoverable, or such as may " procure an immediate Relief and Encouragement to the Ryots in the future Cultivation of their Lands."

IX. That the said Mahomed Reza Khdn, in the Execution of the said great and important Trusts and Powers, was not so much as suspected of an ambitious or encroaching Spirit, which might make him dangerous to the Company's, then recent. Authority, or which might render his Precedence injurious to the Consideration due to his Colleagues in Office; but, on the contrary, it appears that a Plan having been adopted for dividing the Administration, in order to remove the Nabob's Jealousies, the same was in Danger of being subverted by the Ambition "of Two of his Colleagues, " and the excessive Moderation of Mahomed Reza " Khdn." And for a Remedy of the Inconveniences, which might arise from the Excels of an accommodating Temper, though attended with irreproachable Integrity, the President and Council did fend One of their own Members, as their Deputy to the Nabob of Bengal, at at his Capital of Muxadavad; and this Measure appears to have been adopted for the Support of Mahomed Reza Khan, in consequence of an Enquiry made, and Advice given by Lord Clive, in his Letter of the 3d of July 1765; in which Letter he expresses himself of the said Mahomed Reza Khdn as follows: " It is with Pleasure " I can acquaint you, that the more I see of Mahomed " Reza Khan, the stronger is my Conviction of his " Honour and Moderation; but that, at the same Time, " I cannot help observing, that either from Timidity, " or an erroneous Principle, he is too ready to submit " to Encroachments upon that Proportion of Power that has been allotted him."

X. That the Nabob Jaflver Ali Khdn dying in February 1765, Mahomed, Reza Khdn was appointed

Vol. 41.

Guardian to his Childreri, attd Administrator of his Charges Office, or Regent, which Appointment the Court of DU.

refctors did approve. But the Party opposite to Mas "*

homed Rezd Khdn having continued to cabal against him, sundry Accusations were framed, relative to Oppression at the Time of the Famine, and for a Balance due during his Employment of Collector of the Revenues; upon which tl»e Directors did order him to be deprived of his Office^ and a strict Enquiry to be made into his ConduQ.

XI. That the said Warren Hastings, then lately appointed to the Presidency, did, on the id of April, and on the 24th of September 1772, write Letters to the Court of Directors; informing them, that on the very next Day after he had received (as he asserts) their private Orders, "addressed to himself alone," and not to the Board, he did dispatch, by express MessengCrs, his Orders to Mr. Middleton, the Resident at the Nabob’s Court at Muxadavad, in a public Character and Trust with the Nabob, to arrest in his Capital and at his Court, and without any previous Notice given of any Charge, his principal Minister, the aforesaid Mahomed Reza Khdn, and to bring him down to Calcutta; and he did carefully conceal his said Proceedings from the Knowledge of the Board, on Pretext of his not being acquainted with their Dispositions, and the Influence which he thought that the said Mahomed Reza Khdn had amongst them.

XII. That the said Warren Hastings, at the Time he gave his Orders as aforesaid, for arresting the said Mahomed Reza Khdn, did not take any Measures to compel the Appearance of any other Persons as Witnesses, declaring it as his Opinion " that there would be " little Need of Violence to obtain such Intelligence, as " they could give, against their former Master, when " his Authority is taken from him;" but he did afterwards, in Excuse for the long Detention and Imprisonment of the said Mahomed Reza Khdn, without any Proofs having been obtained of his Guilt, or Measures taken to bring him to a Trial, allure the Directors, itl direct Contradiction to his former Declaration, " that " the Influence of Mahomed Reza Khdn (till prevailed " generally throughout the Country, in the Nabob's " Household, and at the Capital, and was scarcely affected by his present Disgrace," — notwithstanding, as he, the said Hastings, doth confess, he had used his utmost Endeavours " to break that Influence, by removing his Dependants, and putting the Direction of " all the Affairs that had been committed to his Care " into the Hands of the most powerful or active of his " Enemies; that he depended on the Activity of their

" Hatred to Mahomed Reza Khdn, incited by the Ex-ix pectation of Rewards, for iuveltiguting the Conduct " of the latter; that with this the Institution of the new " Duannee coincided; and that the same Principle had " guided him in the Choice of Mrnny Begum and Rajah " Gourdass, the former for the Chief Administration;

" the latter [the Son of Nundcomar, and a mere Instrument in the Hands of his Father] for the Duannee " of the Nabob’s Household, both the declared " of Mahomed Reza Khdn"

XIII. That although it might be true that Enemies will become the most active Prolocutors, and as such may, though under much Guard and many Precautions, be used even as Witnesses; and that it ought not to be an Exception, supposing their Character and Capacity otherwise good, to the appointing them to Power; yet to advance Persons to Power, on the Ground not of their Honour and Integrity, which might have produced the Enmity of bad Men, but merely for the Enmity itself, without any Reference whatsoever to a laudable Cause, and even with a declared ill Opinion of the Morals of 7 R t One

6*4 $6* Apritis. 1786.

Charge* One of the Party, such as w-as actually deliverefl in the said Letter, by him the said Hastings, of («r. a "*£*' (an(j which, Time has lhe« n, he might also on good Ground have conceived of others) was, in the Circum-itances of a Criminal Enquiry, a Motive highly disr graceful to the Honour of Government, and destructive of impartial Justice, by holding out the greatest of all poflihie Temptation to false Accusation, to corrupt and factious Conspiru.cies, to Perjury, and to every Species of Injustice and Oppression.

Xf V. That in consequence of the aforesaid Motives, and others prefeqded, which were by no Means a sufficient Justificaijon to the said Warren Hastings, be did appoint tire Woman aforesaid, called Mutiny who had been of tire lowest and pioft discreditable Order in Society, according to the Jdeas prevalent in India, but from whom he received several Sums of Money, to stre Guardian to the Nabob, in Preference to his own Mother, and to administer the Affairs of the Government in the Place of the Lid Mqhon\ed Meza Khdn, the Second Mussulman in Rank after the Nabob, and the first in Knowledge, Gravity, Weight, and Character, among the Mujfulmen of that Province. And in order to by every Method, and to take every Chance for his Destruction, the said Warren Hastings did maliciously and opprefiiyely keep him under Confinement, for a Part of the Time, without any Enquiry, and afterwards, with a flow and dilatory Trial, for Two Years together, XV. That notwithstanding 3 total Resolution in the Power, in Part avowedly made for his Destruction, the Persons appointed for his Trial did, on full Enquiry, compleatly acquit the said Mahomed Reza Kh&n of the Criminal Charges against him, on Account of which he had been so long persecuted and confined, and suffered uch in Mind, Body, and Fortune; and the Court of irectors, in their Letter of the 3d of March 1775, testify their Satisfaction in the Conduct and Result of the said Enquiry, and did direct the Restoration of the said Mahomed Reza Khan to Liberty, and to the 0 dices

which he had lately held, which comprehended the Management of the Nabob's Househpld, and the general Superintendency of the Justice of; but according to the Orders of the Court of Directors, his Appointments were reduced to Thirty thou fend Pounds a Year, or thereabouts, of which he did make grievous Com-laint, on Account of thp Expences attendant on his tation, and the heavy Debts which he had been obliged to contract during his unjust Perfection and Imprisonment aforesaid.

XVI. That on the Removal of the said Mahomed Reza Khan front the Superintendency of the Criminal Justice, and in consequence of letting the Province of Bengal in by the said Warren , several

dangerous and mischievous Innovations were made by him the said Warren Ha, and the Criminal Justice of the Country was almost wholly fubyerted, and great Irregularities and Disorders did qCtually ensue.

XVII. That the Council General, established by ACI of Parliament in the Year 1773, did restore the said Mahomed Reqa Khan, with thp Content and Approbation of the Nabob (but under & Prpteft from the said Warren Hastings) to his Liberty, and to his Offices, Recording to the Spirit of the Orders given by the Court of Directors as aforesaid; and the Court of Directors t}id approve of the said Appointment, and did allure the said Mahomed Reza K of their Favour end Pro* tpction, as long as his Conduct should merit the fame, in the following Terms: " As the Abilities of Mahomed-,

" Reza Khqn havq been sufficiently manifested; as " Official Experience qualifies him for so high a, Station,

" in a more eminent Degree than any other Native with " w hom the Company has been connected; and a# no.

04

" Proofs of Maladmjnistration have been establrflied " against him, either during the Itrict Investigation of his " Conduct, or since his Retirement, we cannot, under " all Circumstances, but approve your Recommendation of him to the Nabob, to constitute him his Naib. " We exe well pleased that he has received that Appointment, and authorize you to assure him of our " favour, so long as a firm Attachment to the Interest " of the Company, and a proper Discharge of the " Duties of his Station, shall render him worthy of ou-r " Protection." And the said Mahomed Reza Khan did continue to execute the fame, without any Complaint whatsoever of Malversation or Negligence, in any Manner or Degree, in his said Office.

XVIIL That in March 1778 the said Warren Hastings, under Colour that the Nabob had completed his Twentieth Year, and had desired to be placed in the entire and uqcontrnuled Management of his own Affairs, and that Mahomed Reza Khdn should he removed from his Office, and that Munny Begum his Stepmother, the Dancing Girl aforesaid, " should take " on herself the Management of the Nizamut [the " Government and general Superintendency of Criminal " Justice] without the Interference of any Person whatsoever;" and, notwithstanding the Contradictions in the pretended Applications from the Nabob, with whole Incapacity for all Affairs he was well acquainted, did, in Defianee of the Orders of the Court of Directors, and without Regard to the Infamy of an Arrangement, made for the evident and declared Purpose of delivering not only the Family with the Prince, hut the Government and Justice of a great Kingdom, into such iosufficient, corrupt, and scandalous Hands; and though he has declared his Opinion " that our National " Character is concerned in the Character which the " Nabob may obtain in the public Opinion," on obtaining a Majority in Council, without any Complaint; real or pretended, remove the said Mahomed Reza from all his Offices, and did partition his Salary as a Spoil in the following Manner: — To Munny Begum, the Dancing Girl aforesaid, an additional Allowance of Seventy-two thousand Rupees [7,200l.] a Year; to the Nabob’s own Mother, but Half that Sum, that is to lay,

36,000 Rupees [3,600l.] a Year; to Rajah Gourdass, Son of Nundcomar (whom he had described as a weak young Man) 72,040 Rupees [7,200l.] a Year, as Controller of the Household; and to a Magistrate called Rudder til Hock, who, in real Subserviency to the said

Munny Begum, was nominally to act in the Department of Criminal Jufijce, 78,000 Rupees [7,800l.] a Year; the Total of which Allowances exceeding the Salary of Mahomed Reza Khdn by 18,000 Rupees [1,800l.] Yearly, he did, for the corrupt and scandalous Purposes aforesaid, order the same to be made up from the Company’s Treasury.

XIX. That Mr. Francis and Mr. Wheler, having moved that the Execution of the aforesaid Arrangement, the whole Expence of which, ordinary and extraordinary, was charged upon the Company’s Treasury, and therefore could not be even colourably disposed of at the pretended Will of the said Nabob, might be fqfpended until the Pleasure of the Court of Directors thereon should be known; and the same being resolved agreeably to Law, by a Majority of the Council then prefect, the said Hastings urging on violently the immediate Execution of his corrupt Project, and having obtained, by the Return of Richard Barwell, Esquire, a Majority in Council, in his own Calling Vote, did refeind the aforesaid Resolution, and did carry into immediate Execution the aforesaid most unwarrantable, mischievous, and scandalous Design.

XX. That the Gonsequences which might be

expected

„/ -1.' -fcj.

z6 Geo. lit

0.6

«i5

expected from such a Plan of Administration, did alinolt instantly flow from it. For the Perlort appointed to execute one of the Offices which had beep filled by Mahomed Reza Khan, did soon find that the Eunuchs of Mutiny Begum began to employ their Power, with great Superiority and Insolence, in all the Concerns of Government, and the Administration of Justice, and did endeavour to dispose of the Offices relative to the same for their corrupt Purposes, and to rob the Nabob’s Servants of their due Allowances; and in his Letter of the ill September 1778, he lent a Complaint to the Board, Rating, " That certain bad Men had gained an Ascendancy over the Nabob’s Temper, by whole Instigation " he acts." And after complaining of the Slights he received from the Nabob, he adds, " Thus they cause " the Nabob to treat me, sometimes with Indignity, at " others with Kindnefe, just as they think proper to M advile him: Their View is, that by compelling me to " Dilpleasure at most unworthy Treatment, they may " force me either to relinquish my Station, or to join with them, and act by their Advice, and appoint Creatures of their Recommendation to the different Offices, from which they might draw Profit to uthemselves."

XXI. That, in a subsequent Letter to the Governor,

the said Superintendant of Justice did inform him, the said Warren Hastings, of the audacious and corrupt

Manner in which, by Violence, Fraud, and Forgery, the Eunuchs of Mutiny Begum had abused the Nabob’s Name, to deprive the judicial and executory Officers of Justice of the Salaries which they ought to have drawn from the Company’s Treasury, in the following Words:

- — " The Begum’s Ministers, before my Arrival, with the Advice of their Councilors, caused the Nabob to sign a Receipt, in consequence of which they received, " at Two different Times, near 50,000 Rupees [5,000l.] in the Name of the Officers of the Adawlut '* Phoufdary, $$c. from the Company’s Circars; and having drawn up an Account current in the Manner 91 they wished, they had got the Nabob to sign it, and lent it to me." And in the same Letter he asserts, " That these People had the Nabob entirely in their Power."

XXII. That the said Warren , upon this

Heprelentation, did, notwithstanding his late pretended Opinion of the Fitness and the Right of the Nabob to the foie Administration of his own Affairs, authoritatively forbid him from any Interference therein, and ordered that the Whole should be left to the Magistrate aforesaid; to which the Nabob did, notwithstanding his pretended Independence, yield an immediate and unreserved Submission; for the said Hastings’s Order being given on the First of September at Calcutta, he received an Answer from Muxadaxad on the Third, in the following Terms:

— Agreeably to your Pleasure I have relinquished all " Concern with the Affairs of the Phouldary and Adawlut, leaving the entire Management in Sudder ul " Hock's Hands." Which said Circumstance, as well as many others, abundantly proves, that all the Nabob’s Actionalwere, in Truth and Fact, entirely governed by the Influence of the said Hastings-, and that however the said Hastings may have publicly discouraged the corrupt Traufactions of the said Court, yet he did secretly uphold the Authority and Influence of Alurmy Begum, who did entirely direct, with his Knowledge and Countenance, all tite Proceedings therein. For

XXIII. That, on the 13th of the same Month of September, he did receive a further Complaint of the corrupt and fraudulent Practices of the Chief Eunuch of the said Munny Begum-, and these corrupt Practices did so continue and increase, that, on the 10th of October 1778, he was obliged to confess, in the strongest Terms, Vo i. 41.

the pernicious Consequences of his before-created up- Charges -warrantable and illegal Arrangements; for, in a Letter of ^'llaftinos that Date to the Nabob, he expresses himself as follows: ' ’

" At your Excellency’s Request, I sent Sudder ul Hock a Khan to take on him the Administration of the Affairs " of the Adawlut and Phoufdary, and hoped by that " Means not only to have given SatifaClion to your Excellency, but that, through his Abilities and Exporience, these Affairs would have been conducted in a such Manner, as to have secured the Peace of the " Country, and the Happiness of the People; and it is " with the greatest Concern I learn, that this Measur " is lb far from being attended with the expected Advantages, that the Affairs, both of the Phoufdary and " Adawlut, are in the greatest Confusion imaginable,

" and daily Robberies and Murders are perpetrated " throughout the Country. This is evidently owing to " the Want of a proper Authority in the Person appointed to superintend them. I therefore addressed " your Excellency on the Importance and Delicacy of the Affairs in Question, and of tl*e Necessity of h lodging full Power in the Hands of the Person choseri " to administer them; in reply to which, your Excellency expressed Sentiments coincident with mine:

" notwithstanding which, your Dependents and People*

" actuated by seljish and avaricious Views, have by their " Interference so impeded the Business, as to throw the " whole Country into a State of Confusion; from which " nothing can retrieve it, but an unlimited Pozcer lodged " in the Hands of the Superintendant. I therefore

" request that your Excellency will give the strictest Injunctions to all your Dependents, not to interfere in any Manner with any Matter relative to the Affairs of " the Adawlut and Phoufdary; and that you will yourself relinquish all Interference therein, and leave them " entirely to the Management of Sudder ul Hock Khdn:

" This is absolutely neceflhry, to restore the Country to " a State of Tranquillity." And he concluded by again recommending the Nabob to withdraw all Interference with the Administrator aforesaid; " otherwise a Measure,

" which I adopted at your Excellency’s Request, and *c with a View to your Satisfaction, and the Benefit of " the Country, will be attended with quite contrary " Effects, and bring Discredit on me."

XXIV. That the said Hastings, in the Letter aforesaid, in which he so strongly condemns the Acts, and so clearly marks out the mischievous Effects, of the corrupt Influence under which alone the Nabob acted, and under which alone, from his known Incapacity, and his Dependence on the Person supported by the said Hastings, lie could act, did propose to put all the Offices of Justice (which on another Occasion he liad requested him to permit to remain in the Hands which then held them) mto his own Disposal; telling him, or rather the Woman and Eunuch who governed him, " that if his Excellency " has any Plan for the Management of the Affairs in " future, be pleased to communicate it to me, and every " Attention shall be paid to give your Excellency Satisfaction." By which Means, not only particular Parts* as before, but the whole System of Justice was to be afloat, and to be subject to the Purposes of the aforesaid corrupt Cabal of Women and Eunuchs.

XXV. That the Court of Directors, on receiving an Account of the above Arrangements, and being well apprized of the Spirit, Intention, and probable Effect of the fame, did, in a clear, firm, and deci-five Manner, express their Condemnation of the Measure, and their Rejection and Reprobation of a)l the pretended Grounds and Reasons on which the same was supported; marking distinctly his Prevarication abd Contradictions in the fame, and pointing to him their full Conviction of the unworthy Motives

on

6i6 26° ApritiS. A. 178(5.

Charge* on which he had made so shameful an Arrangement; and illegally refiifed to the Orders of the Court of Mx Raftings, telling him, in the 17th Paragraph of their -General Direfitors; and did, of his own Authority and that of

'*’ Letter, of the 4th of February 1779> " The Nabob's the Board, restore Reza Khan to his Offices.

" Letters of the 2,5th and 30th of August, of the 3d of XXIX. That, foOn after the Departure of the (kid " September, and 17th of November, leave us no Doubt lVlr. Fi'ancis, he did again deprive the said Mahomed "* of the true Design of this extrabrdinary Business being Reza of his said Offices, and did make several

to bring foruard Mutiny Begum, and agaiu to invel't great Changes in the Confutation of the Criminal " her with improper Power and Influence, notwith- Justice in the said Country; and after having, under Pre-n funding our former Declaration, that lo great a Part tence of the Nabob’s Sufficiency for the Management " of the Nabob’s Allowance had been embezzled and of his own Affairs, displaced, without any specific " milkpplifed under her Superinteudance." Charge, Trial, or Enquiry whatsoever, the said Mahomed

XXVI. That in consequence of the Censure and Reza Klidn, he did submit the said Nabob to the entire

Condemnation of the unwarrantable Measures of the Direfiljon, in all Parts of his Concerns, of a Resident

said JVarren Hastings, by the Court of Directors, on the of his own Nomination, Sir John Doyley, Baronet,

aforesaid and other weighty and fdbftantial Grounds, and did order an Account of the most minute Parts of they did order and direct as follows, in the 20th Para- his domestic Oeconomy to be made out, and to be graph of the General Letter of the same Date: " As delivered to the said Sir John Doyley in the following " we deem it for the Welfare of the Country, that Words, contained in a Paper by him intituled, INthe Office of Naib Soubadar be for the present con- STRUCTIONS from the Governor General to the " tinued, and that this high Office should be filled by a Nabob Mobareck ul respefiting his Conduct in

" Person of Wisdom, Experience, and of approved the Management of his Affairs: " You will be pleased " Fidelity to the Company; and as we have no Reason " to direct your Mutta Seddies to form an Account <l to alter the Opinion given of Mahomed Reza Khd" of the fixed Sums of your Monthly Expences, such in our Letter of the 24th of December 1776,; we " as Servants Wages in the different Departments, Penpositively direfit, that you forthwith signify to the " fions, and other Allowances, as well as of the Nabob Mobareck ul Dowla our Pleasure, that " estimated Amount of variable Expences, to be deli-xt Mahomed Reza Khdn be immediately restored to the " vered to Sir John Doyley, for my Inspection. I have " Office of Naib Soubadar; and we further direfit that " given such Orders to Sir John Doyley as will enable " Mahomed Reza Khdn be again allured of the Con- " him to propose to you such Redufitions of the " tinuance of our Favour, so long as a firm Attachment " Pensions and other Allowances, and such a Difiribu-u to the Interest of the Company, and a proper Dif- " tion of the variable Expences, as shall be proporcharge of the Duties of his Station, shall render him " tionable to the total Sum of your Monthly Income;

" worthy of our Protefition." " and I must request you conform, to it'' And he

XXVII. That the aforesaid Direfition did convey did, in the subsequent Articles of his said Instrufitions, in it such evident and cogent Reason, and was so far order the whole Management to be direfited by Sir John enforced by Justice to Individuals, and by Regard to the Doyley, subjefit to his own Direfitions, as aforesaid; and Peace and Happiness of the Natives, as well as by the did even direfit what Company he should keep; and did common Decorum to be observed in all the Transafitions throw Reflefitions on some Persons, in Places the nearest of Government, that the said Hastings ought to have to him, as of bad Charafiter and bale Origin — Persons yielded a chearful Obedience thereto, even if he had not whom he should decline to name as such, " unless he been by a positive Statute, and his Relation of Servant " heard that they frill availed themselves of his Good-to the Company, bound to that just Submission. Yet " ness to retain the Places which they improperly the said Hastings did, without denying or evading any " hold near his Person." And he did particularly order one of the Reasons assigned by the Court of Direfilors, the said Nabob not to admit any English, but such as or controverting the scandalous Motives assigned by the said Sir John Doyley should approve, to his Pre-them for his Condufit, contumacioully refuse Obedience fence; and did repeat the said Order in the following to the above positive Order, on Pretence that the Nabob, peremptory Manner: " You must forbid any Person of who, he had declared it on Record " to be as visible as " that Nation to be intruded into your Presence, without " the Light of the Sun, is a mere Pageant, and without " his Introdufition." And he did require his Obedience *even the Shadow of Authority," did dissent from the in the following authoritative Style: "I shall think fame; and he did encourage the said Nabob, or rather " myself obliged to interfere in another Manner, if you the Eunuchs, the corrupt Ministers of Munny Begum, " neglefit it."

to oppose himself and themselves to the Authority of XXX. That he the said JVarren Hastings did insult the said Court of Direfitors; by which Means the the captive Condition of the said Nabob, by informing Arrangement, Three Times either ratified or exprefely him, in his imperious Instrufitions aforesaid, that this ordered by them, was wholly defeated; the aforesaid total, blind, and implicit Obedience, in every Respect corrupt System was continued; Mahomed Reza Khdn whatsoever, to Sir John Doyley and himself personally, was not restored to his Office; and a Lesson was taught and without any Reference to the Board, " was the very to the Natives of all Ranks, that the declared Approba- " Conditions of the Compliance of the Governor General tion, the avowed Sanfition, and the decided Authority " and Council with his late Requisition;" which Requifi-of the Court of Direfitors, were wholly nugatory to tion was, that he should enjoy the free and uncontrouled their Protefition, against the corrupt Influence of their Management of his own Affairs. And though the said Servants. Captive did offer, as he the said Hastings himself admits,

XXVIII. That the said Warren Hastings, on a Four Lacks of his Stipend, at that Time reduced to Six-Reconciliation with Mr. Francis, one of the Council teen Lack, for the free Use of the Remainder, yet he did General, w'ho made it a Condition thereof that certain place him the said Nabob in the State of Servitude-in of the Company’s Orders should be obeyed, and that the said Instrufitions laid down, but a very short Time Mahomed Reza Khdn should be restored to his Offices, after he had afiumed and used the said Nabob’s inde-did, a considerable Time after, notwithstanding the pre- pendent Rights, as a Ground for refusing to obey the tended Relufitance of the Nabob, and his pretended Company’s Orders; and although he has declared or Freedom, make, for his Convenience in the said Accom- pretended, on another Occasion, which he would have modation, the Arrangement which he had unwarrantably thought similar, that any attempt to limit the Househokt

Expences

26 Geo. III. 26° Aprilis.

Expences of the Nabob of Oude, was an Indignity " which no Man living, however mean his Rank in " I/ife, or dependent his Condition in it, would permit " to be exercised by any other, without the Want or " Forfeiture of every manly Principle."

XXXI. That the said Hastings did order the said Stipend (which was to be distributed, in the minuleft Particular, according to the said Hastings's personal Directions) to be paid Monthly, not to any Officer of the Nabob, but to the said Resident Sir John And whereas the Governor General and Council did, on the Appointment of Mahomed Reza Khan, according to their Duty, instruct him, that " he do conform to the " Orders of the Company, which direct, that an Annual " Account of the Nabob’s Expences be transmitted, " through the Resident at the Durbar, for the Inspection of this Board," — the said in making

his new Establishment in Favour of his Resident, did wholly omit the said In ft ruction, and did confine the said Communication to himself privately. And in fact it does not appear that any Accounts whatsoever of the Dispofuion of the said large Sum, exceeding 160,000l. Sterling a Year, has been laid before the Board, or at least that any such Account has been transmitted to the Court of Directors; and it is not fitting that any British Servant of the Company should have the Management of any public Money, much less of so great a Sum, without a public well vouched Account of the specific Expenditure thereof.

XXXII. That the Court of Directors did, on the 17th of May 1766, propose certain Rules for regulating the Correspondence of the Resident with the Nabob of Bengal, in which they did direct, as a Principle for the said Regulations, as follows (Paragraph 16th): "We " would have his Correspondence to be carried on with " the Select Committee through the Channel of the President; he should keep a Diary of all his Transactions. * His Correspondence with the Natives must be lick/yconducted; Copies of all his Letters, sent and

" received, be transmitted Monthly to the Presideocy, " with Duplicates and Triplicates to be transmitted " Home id our general Packet by every Ship."

XXXIII. That the President and Sefect Committee (Lord Clive being then President) did approve of the whole substantial Part of the said Regulation (the Diary excepted); and the Principle, in all Matters of Account, ought to have been strictly adhered to, whatever Limitations may have been given to the Office of Resident. Yet he the said Warren Hastings, in Defiance of the aforesaid good Rules, Orders, and late Precedent in Conformity to the fame, did not only withhold any Order for the Purpose, but, in order to carry on the Business of the said Dubar in a clandestine Manner for his ow n Purposes, did, as aforesaid, exclude all English from an Intercourse with the Nabob, who might carry Complaints or Representations to the Board, or the Court of Directors, of his Condition, or the Conduct of the Resident; and did further, to defeat all possible Publicity, insinuate to him, to give the Preference to verbal Communication above Letters, in the Words following, of the 9th Article of his Instructions to the Nabob: "Although I desire to receive your Letters " frequently, yet, as many Matters will occur which " cannot be so easily explained by Letters as by Corrversatioti, I desire that you will, on such Occasions, " give your Orders to him, respecting such Points as you may desire to have imparted to me; and I, postponing every other Concern, will give an immediate and the most satisfactory Reply concerning " them." Accordingly, no Relation whatsoever has been received by the Court of Directors of the said Nabob’s Affairs; nor any Account of the Money Monthly paid, except from public Fame, which reports that his Vol. 41.

' Affairs arc in great Disorder, his Servants uhpaid, and charges many of them dismissed, and all the Muffulmcn dependant on his Family in a State of Indigence. Mr. Halting*

N* 18.

The MOGUL delivered up to the Maratta*.

I. That Shd Allum, the Prince, commonly called The Great Mogul, or, by Eminence, The King, is, or lately was, in the Pofftffiou of the antient Capital of

tan; and though without any considerable Territory* and without a Revenue sufficient to maintain a moderate Slate, be is still much respected and considered; and the Custody of his Person is eagerly fought by many of the Princes in India, on Account of the Ule to be made of his Title and Authority; and it was for the Interest of the East India Company that while, on one

Hand, no Wars shall be entered into in Support of his Pretentions, on the other, no Steps should be taken which may tend to deliver him into the Hauds of any of the powerful States of that Country; but that he should be treated with Friendship, good Faith, and respectful Attention.

II. That Warren Hastings, in Contradiction to this safe, just, and honourable Policy, strongly prescribed and enforced by the Orders of the Court of Directors, did (at a Time when he was engaged in a Negotiation, the declared Purpose of which was to give Peace to India) Letter to cok* concur with the Captain General of the Maratta State, nelM" r, Sept. called Madajee Scindia, in hostile Designs against the tew AppeVto s0p. remaining Territories of that same Mogul Emperor, by plem"o *d R*" virtue of whose Grant the Company actually possess the p°rt’ Government, and enjoy the Revenues of great Pro-1

vinces, and also against the Possessions of a Chief called Nudjif Cawn, a Person of much Merit with the East India Company; in Acknowledgement of which they had granted him a Pension, included in the Tribute due to the King, and, together with that Tribute, taken from him by the said Warren,

though expressly guaranteed to him by the Company.

With both these Powers the Company had been in Friendship, and were actually at Peace at the Time of the said clandestine Concurrence in a Design against! them; and the said Hastings hath since declared, That the Right of One of them, namely, " the Right of the " Mogul Emperor to our Assistance, has been constantly " acknowledged."

III. That the said Warren Hastings, at the Time of his treacherous Concurrence in a Design against a Power, which he was himself of Opinion we were bound to assist, and against whom there was no Doubt he was bound neither to form nor to concur in any hostile Attempt, did give a Caution to Colonel Muir, to whom the Negotiation aforesaid was entrusted on the Part of the Company, against "inserting any Thing in the " Treaty which might expressly mark our Knowledge of his [the Maratta General’s] Views or Concurrence in " them." Which laid Transaction was full of Duplicity and Fraud; and the Crime of the said Hastings therein is aggravated, by his having some Years before withheld the Tribute, which by Treaty was solemnly agreed to be paid to the said King, on Pretence that he had thrown himself, for the Recovery of his City of on the Protection of the Marat las, whom the said Warren Hastings then called the natural Enemies of the Cora- oa»t pany, and the Growth of whole Power he then alledged *‘H-

to be highly dangerous to the Interests of this Kingdom in India.

IV. That after having concurred* in the Manner before mentioned, in a Design of the Marattas against the Mogul; and notwithstanding he the said Warren

7 $ Hastings

618 2 6° Aprilis. . 1786.

Hastings had formerly declared, " That with him [the " Mogul] our Connexion had been a long Time fufspended, and he wished never to see it as it

" had proved a fatal Drain to the Wealth of Bengal, " and the Treasury of the Company, without yielding " One Advantage or possible Resource, even of remote " Benefits, in Return the said Warren Hastings did nevertheless, on or about the Month of March 1783, with the Privity and Consent of the Members of the Board, but by no authoritative Act, dispatch, as Agents of him the Governor General only, and not as Agents of the Governor General and Council, as they ought to have been, certain Persons, among whom were Major Browne and Major Davy, to the Court of the King at Delhi, and did there enter into certain Engagements with the said King, by the Means of those Agents, and did carry on certain private and dangerous Intrigues for various Purposes, particularly for making War in Favour of the said King, against. some Powers or Princes not precisely described, but which, as may be inferred from by subsequent Correspondence, to be certain Ma-homedan Princes in the Neighbourhood of Delhi, in Amity with the Company, and some of them at that Time in the actual Service, and in the apparent Confidence and Favour of the said Mogul; and he did order Major Browne to offer to the Mogul King, to provide for the entire Expence of any Troops the Shi [the said King] might require; and the Propofol was accordingly accepted, with the Conditions annexed; by which Proposal, and Acceptance thereof, the East India Company was placed in a Situation of great and perplexing Difficulty, since either they were to engage, at an unlimited Expence, in new Wars, contrary to their Orders, contrary to their general declared Policy, and contrary to the published Resolutions of the House of Commons, and wholly incompatible with the State of their Finances; or, to preserve Peace, they mult risque the Imputation of a new Violation of Faith, by departing from an Agreement made on the voluntary Propofol of their own Government; the Agent of the fold Hastings having declared, in his Letter to the said Hastings, by him communicated to the Board, " That the Business of affifiting " the Shst [the Mogul Emperor] can and go on, if we with to be secure in India, or regarded as a Nation of Faith and Honour."

V. That the said Warren Hastings did, on the 20th Day of January 1784, fend in Circulation to the other Members of the Council, a Letter to him from his Agent, Major Browne, dated at Delhi, on the 30th of December 1783, viz. that Letter to which the foregoing References are made, in which the said Browne did directly prels, and indirectly (though sufficiently. and firongly) suggest several highly dangerous Measures, for realizing the general Offers and Engagements of the said Warren Hastings; proposing, that besides a Proportion of Field Artillery, and a Train of Battering Cannon for the Purpose of Sieges, Six Regiments of Sepoys in the Company’s Service should be transferred to that of the find King, and that certain other Corps should also be raised for the said Service in the English Provinces and Dependencies, to be immediately under the King’s [the Mogul’s] Orders, and to be maintained by Alignments of Territorial Revenue within the* Province of Oude, a dependent Member of the British Government, but with a Caution against having any British Officer with the fame; the said Major Browne expressing his Caution as followeth: — " If any European Officer be with this Corps, a very nice Judgment indeed mult direct the Choice; for scarce any are in the smallest Degree Jit " for such Employ, but much more likely to do Harm " than Good." And the Letter aforesaid, being without any Observation thereon, or any Disavowal of the Matters of Fact, or of the Councils so. firongly and

authoritatively delivered therein, by the said Warren Hastings's Agent, and without any Mark of Disappro-bation of any Part of his Plan, whether that of the Assignment of Territory belonging to the Company’s Allies for for the Maintenance of Troops, which were to be by that Plan put under the Orders of a Foreign independent Power, or that of employing the said Troops without any British Officer with them; or for his alarming Observation by him entered on the Company’s Records, which, if not an implied Censure on the Nature of the Service in which British Officers are supposed improper to be trailed, is a strong Reflection on the Character of the British Officers, which was to render them unfit to be employed in an honourable Service — -The said Warren Hastings did thereby give a Countenance to the said unwarrantable and dangerous Propofols and Reflections.

VI. That, a contiderable Time before the Production and Circulation of Major Browne’s Letter, the said Hastings did enter a Minute of Confutation, containing a Proposition similar in the general Intent to that in the said Letter contained, for assisting the Mogul with a Military Force; but the other Members of the Board did difegree thereto, and being alarmed at the Disposition so firongly shewn by the said Hastings, to engage in new Wars, and dangerous Foreign Connections, and possibly having Intelligence of the Proceedings of his Agent, did call upon him to produce his Infiruction6 to Major Browne; and he did on the 5th of October 1783, and not before, enter on the Consultations a certain Paper, purporting to be the Instructions which he had given to Major Browne the preceding March, the Time of his, the said Browne's, Appointment; in which pretended Instructions no Direction whatsoever was given to the Effect of his the said Hastings’s Minute of Confutation propounded; that is to foy, no Power was given in the said Instructions to make a direct Offer of Military Aid to the Mogul, or to form the Arrangements fiated by the said Browne, in his Letter to the said Hastings, as having been made by the exprefo Authority of the said Hastings himself. But the said Instructions contained nothing further on that Subject, but a Conditional Direction, that in case a Military Force should be required for the Mogul’s Aid or Protection, the Major is to know the Service on which it is to be employed, and the Re-fburces from whence it is to be paid; and the Instructions produced as his real Instructions by the said Hastings, are so guarded, as to caution the said Browne against taking any Part in the Intrigues of those who are about the King’s Person. By which Letters, Instructions, and Transactions, compared with each other, it appears that the said Warren Hastings, after Six Months Delay in entering of (contrary to the Company’s Order) any Instructions to the said Browne, did at last enter a false Paper as the true, or that he did give other secret Instructions, totally different from, and even of polite to, his public ostensible Instructions, thereby to deceive the-Council, and to carry on, with less Obstruction, dark and dangerous Intrigues, contrary to the Orders of the Court of Directors, to the true Policy of this Kingdom, and to the Safety of the British Poflessions in the East.

VII. That the said Letter from Major Browne was by the said Warren Hastings transmitted to the Court of Directors, without being accompanied by any Part of the previous Correspondence; by which wilful Concealment the said Wairen Hastings is guilty of an high and criminal Disrespect to the Court of Directors, and of a most flagrant Breach and Violation of their Orders, which he was bound by an Act of Parliament to obey.

VIIL That the said Hastings having, early in the Year 1784, procured to himself a Deputation to act in the Upper Provinces, the Council, being well aware of bi9 Disposition to engage in unwarrantable 04 Designs

L.OOQ

26 Geo. Ill* 26® dprilis* ’ 619

Designs against the neighbouring States, did expressly coniine his Powers to the Circumstance of his actual Residence within the Company’s Provinces: But it appears that Ways were found out by which he hoped to defeat the Precautions of the Board; for the said barren Hastings did write from Lucknow, the Capital of the Country of Oude, to the Court of Directors, a certain Poftscript of a Letter, dated the 4th of May 1784, in which lie informs the Court, that the Son and Heir Apparent of the Great Mogul had taken Refuge with him, and the Nabob of Oude; that he had a Conference with that Prince on the 1 oth of the same Month of May, " no Person being either present or within Hearing" during the fame, and that in the said Conference the Prince had informed him of the Distrefies of his Father, and his Wish for the Relief of the King, and the Restoration of the Dominions of his House, as well as to relcue him from the Power of certain Prefons not named, who degraded him into a mere Instrument of their interested and sordid Designs; and that on a Failure of his Application to him, he would either return to his Father, or proceed to Calcutta, and thence to England-, and that the said Warren Hastings did give him an Answer to the following Effect: " That our [the British] Government had just obtained Relief from a State of " univerlal Warfare, and required a Term ot Hepose; " that our whole Nation was weary of War, and dreaded " the Renewal of it, and would be equally alarmed at " any Movement of which it could not see the Issue or " Progress, but which might eventually tend to create new " Hostilities; that he came hither [to Lucknow] with " a limited Authority, and could not, if he chose it, " engage in a Business of that Nature, without the *' Concurrence of his Colleagues in Office, who he believed " would be adverse to it; that he would represent the " same to the joint Members of his o«n Government, " and wait their Determination. In the mean Time, " he advised the Prince to make advances to Madajee " Scindia, both because our Government was in intinuite " and sworn Connection with him, and because he was the " effectual Head of the Maratta State; besides that he, " the said Warren Hastings, feared his taking

" the other Side of the Question, unless he was early prevented."

IX. That in the Statement of this Discourse, there is much criminal Reserve towards the Court of Directors, it not appearing distinctly what the Objects were, nor who the Persons concerned, nor what the Side was which he apprehended the Marattas might take, if not prevented by his Advances; and in the Discourse itself there were many Particulars highly Criminal; namely, For that in the said Conversation, in which he describes himself as declining a Compliance with the Request of the Prince, on Account of the Aversion (therein strongly expressed) of his Colleagues, of the Company, and of the whole British Nation, to engage in any Measures which might even " eventually lead to Hostilities" — he spoke to the Prince as if he had been entirely ignorant of the Offers which but Five Months before had been made to the King his Father, on the Part of that very Government (whole Repugnance to such Measures he then for the fii ft Time chose to profefe, but which he always had known) through Major Browne, the Company’s Repre-fentative at the Court of Delhi, " to provide for the entire Expence of any Troops which the Shi [the King] '* might require; and that this was " what the Resident had always proposed to the King, and his confidential " Ministers;" — the said Browne further declaring, " that " if, in Consequence of the said Proposals, certain Arrangements for the Sha s Service, by Troops, were not " immediately ordered, in his Opinion all our [English " Government’s] Offers and Promises will be considered " as false and insidious." This being the known State Vo t. 41.

of the Business, as represented by the said Hastings's Charges

own Agent, and this the public Opinion of it, although, against

to impoife on the Ignorance of the Prince, with regard Mr’ a t n*

to the Proceedings at his Father’s Court, would have been unworthy in itself, yet he, the said Warren Hastings,

could not Hope to succeed in such Imposition, as, in

the Poftscript aforesaid, he represents the said Prince

[who was the King’s eldest Son, and Thirty-six YTeat*s

of Age] as a Person of considerable Qualifications, and

perfectly acquainted with the TransaCfcions at his Father’s

Court, and as One who had long held the principal and

most active Part in the little that remained of the

Administration of Sha AUum. And the said Hastings,

conferring with a Prince so well instructed, without

making the slighted Allusions to his said positive and

recent Engagements, or without giving any Explanation

with regard to them, the said Warren Hastings mult

appear to the said Prince either as a Person not only

contracting Engagements, but actually being the firu;

Mover and Proposer of them, without any Authority from his Colleagues, and against theirs and the general Inclination of the British Nation, and on that Ground not to be trusted; or that he had used this Plea of Disagreement between him and his Council as a Pretence, set up without Colour or Decency, for a gross Violation of his own Engagements: leaving the Princes and States of the Country no lolid Ground on which they can or ought to contra& with the Company, to the utter D«-struction of all public Confidence, and to the equal Dif > grace of the National Candour, Integrity, and Wisdom.

X. That in a Letter dated from the same Place,

Lucknow, the 16th of the following June 1784, the said Warren Hastings informs the Court of Directors, that Major Browne, their Agent to the Mosul, bad arrived there in the Character also of Agent from the Mogul, with Two Sets of Instructions from Two of-polite Parties in his Ministry, which Instructions were directly contrary to each other; the First, which were the ostensible Instructions, being to engage the said Hastings, in the Mogul’s Name, to ehter into a Treaty of mutual Alliance with a Chief of the Country, then Minister to the said Mogul, called AJrasaib Khan; the Second were from another principal Person, called Mudjed ul Dowla, also a Minister of the said Mogul (but styled in the said Letter Confidential, for Distinction) which were directly destructive of the former; and the said latter Instructions, to which

it leems Credence was to be given, were sent " under " the most solemn Adjurations of Secrecy." The Purpose of these latter and secret Instructions were to require the Company's Aid in freeing the Mogul from the Op-pressions of his Servants, namely, from the Oppressions of the said AJrasaib, between whom and the Company Major Browne (at once Agent to that Company, and to Two opposite Fa&ions in the Mognl’s Court) accepted a Power to make a Treaty of mutual Alliance, under the Sanction of his Sovereign; and it does not appear that he, Warren Hastings, did discountenance the double Dealing and fradulent Agencies of his and the Company’s Minister at that Court; or did disavow any Particular in the Letter from him the said Browne, of the 30th of December 1783, stating the Offers ihade on his Part to the Mogul, so contradictor? to his late Declarations to the Heir Apparent of that Monarch, or did give any Reprimand to the said Browne, or did shew any Mark of Displeasure against him, as having acted without Orders, but did again fend him, with renewed Confidence, to the Court aforesaid.

XI. That the said Warren Hastings, still pursuing his laid evil Designs, did apply to the Council for Discretionary Powers relative to the Intrigues and Fa€Hons in the Mogul’s Court, giving Assurances of his Resolution not to proceed against their Scnfe; But the

62o 2,6° Aprilis. A. 1786*

Charges the said Council, being fully aware of his Disposition, against and having Major Brownes Letter recorded by him- Mr. Hatting*. fe|f} the said Warren Hastings, before them, did refuse to grant the said Dil'cretionary Powers; but, on the contrary, did exhort him " most sedulously and cautiously " to avoid, in his Correspondence with the different " Princes in India, whatever may commit, or be " strained into an Interpretation of committing, the " Company, either as to their Army or Treasure;" observing, " that the Company’s Orders are positive " against their Interference in the Objects of Dispute " between the Country Powers."

XII. That in order to subvert the plain and natural Interpretation given by the Council to the Orders of the Court of Directors, and to justily his dangerous Intrigues, the said Warren Hastings, in his Letter of the 16th June 1784 to the said Court, did, in a most insolent and contemptuous Manner endeavour to persuade them of their Ignorance of the true Sense of their own Orders, and to limit their Prohibition of Interference with the Disputes of the Country Powers, to such Country Powers as are permanent; expressing himself as follows: " The Faction which now surrounds the Throne " [the Mogul’s Throne] is widely different from the " Idea which your Commands are intended to convey " by the Expressions to which you have generally applied " them of Country Powers, to which that of is a necessary Adjunct; and which may be more properly compared to a splendid Bubble, which the " slightest Breath of Opposition may dissipate, with every * Trace of its Existence." By which Construction the said Hastings did endeavour to persuade the Court of DireCkors, that they meant to confine their Prohibition of sinister Intrigues to those Powers only who could not be easily hurt by them, and whose Strength was such that their Resentment of such clandestine Interference was to be dreaded; but that where the Powers were weak and fragile, such Intrigues might be allowed.

XIII. That the said Hastings, further to persuade the Court of Directors to involve themselves in the Affairs of the Mogul, and to reconcile this Measure with his former Conduct, and declared Opinions, did write to them to the following Effect; that " at that former Period, to " which the ancient Policy with regard to the Mogul applied, the King’s Authority was sufficiently respected

[which he knew not to be true, having himself declared, " in his Minute of the 25th of October 1774, " That he " remained at Delhi, the ancient Capital of the Empire, " a. mere Cypher in the Administration of it."] to main-% " tain itself against common Vicissitudes. That he would

" not have advised Interference, if the King himself retained the Exercise of it, however feeble, in his own " Hands. That if it [the Mogul’s Authority] is suffered " to receive its final Extinction, it is impossible to foresee what Power may arise out of its Ruins, or what " Events may be linked in the same Chain of Resolution with it: But your Interests may suffer by it " — your Reputation certainly as his Right to

" our Assistance has been constantly acknowledged, and " by a Train of Consequences to which our Government has, not intentionally, given Birth; but " most especially by the Movements which Infuence, by too near an Approach, has excited, it has " unfortunately become the efficient Instrument of a " great Portion of the King’s present Distrefies and " Dangers;" intimating (as well as the studied Oblcurity of his Expressions will permit any thing to be discerned) that his own late Intrigues had been among the Causes of the Distrefies and Dangers, which by new Intrigues he did pretend to remove; And he did conclude this Part of his Letter with some loose general Expressions of lib Caution not

to affect the Company’s Interests or Revenues by any Measurrs he might at that Time take.

XIV. That the Principle, so far as the same hath been directly avowed, of the said Proceedings at the Mogul’s Court, was as altogether irrational, and the pretended Object as impracticable, as the Means takeu in Pursuit of it were fraudulent and dishonourable, namely, the Restoration of the Mogul in some Degree to the Dignity of his Situation, and to his Free Agency in the Conduct of his Affairs. For the said Hastings, at the very Time in which he did with the greatest apparent Earnestness urge the Purpose which he pretended to have in View with regard to the Dignity and Liberty of the Mogul Emperor, did represent him as a Person wholly diiqualified and even indisposed to take any active Part whatsoever in the Conduct of his ow n Affairs; and that any Attempt for that Purpose would be utterly impracticable: And this he hath ltated to the Court of Directors as a Matter of public Notoriety, in his said Letter of the 16th of June 1784, in the following emphatical and decisive Terms.

" You need not be told the Character of the King, whose " Inertness, and the Habit of long fullering, has debased " his Dignity and the Fortunes of his House beyond the " Power of retrieving either the one or the other. Whillt " his Personal Repole is undisturbed, he w ill prefer to

live in the meanest State of under the Rule " of Men whose Views are bounded by Avarice and " the Power which they derive from his Authority, thaa " commit any Share of it to his own Sons, though his Affection for them is boundless in every other Respect,

" from a natural Jealously, founded on the Experience " of a very different Combination of those Circumstances " which Once served as a Temptation and Example of " unlawful Ambition in the Princes of the Royal Line.

" His Ministers, from a Policy more reasonable, have " constantly employed every Means of Influence to " confirm this Disposition, and to prevent his Sons " from having any Share in the Distribution of Affairs,

so as to have established a complete Usurpation of " the Royal Prerogative under its own Sanction and " Patronage."

XV. That the said Warren Hastings having given this Opinion of the Sovereign for whose Freedom he pretended so anxious a Concern, did describe the Minister, with whom he had long acted in Concurrence, and from whom he had just received the extraordinary secretEmbafiy aforesaid, for the Purpose of effecting the Deliverance of his Matter the Mogul from the Usurpations of his Ministers, as follows; — "the First Minister, id

" Dowla, is totally deficient in every Military Quality;

14 conceited of his own superior Talents; and formed to " the Practice of that crooked Policy which generally " dfeats its own Purpose, but sincerely attached to his " Master." The Reality of the said Attachment was not improbable, but altogether useless; as the said Minister was the only one among the principal Persons about the King, who (besides the total YVant of all Military and Civil Ability) possessed no Territories, Troops, or other Means of serving and supporting him; but was himself solely upheld by his Influence over his Master; neither doth the said Hastings free' him any more than the Persons more efficient, who were to be destroyed, from a Disposition to alienate the King from an Attention to his Affairs, and from all Confidence in his own Family j but, on the contrary, he brings him forward as the very first among the Instances he adduces to exemplify the Practices of the Ministers against their Sovereign and his Children.

XVI. That the said Warren Hastings, recommending in general Terms, and yet condemning in Detail, every Part of his own pretended Plan, as impracticable

in

id Geo. III. a6° Aprtlis. 621

in itself, and as undertaken in Favour of Persons all of " Incl;" the said Hastings well knowing, as in Charges whom he describes as incapable, and the Principal as his Letter Colonel Muir of the he has

indisposed to avail himself thereof, must have had some confessed, that the Inclinations of the said were T‘

other Motives for this long, intricate, dark, and laborious to seize on the Mogul’s Territories, and that he himself Proceeding with the Mogul, which muftfoe fought in his did secretly concur therein, though he did not formally Actions, and the evident Drift and Tendency thereof, insert his Concurrence in the Treaty with the said and in Declarations which were brought out by him to Maratta Chief. It is plain therefore that he did all serve other Purposes, but which serve fully to explain his along concur with the in their Designs against

real Intentions in this Intrigue. the said King and his Ministers, under the treacherous

XVII. That the other Members of the Council Pretence of supporting the Authority of the former

General having abundantly certified their Averseness to against the latter; and did contrive and effect the Ruin

his Intrigues, and even having shewn Apprehensions of of them all: — For, first, he did give evil and fraudulent

his going Personally to the Mogul and the Marattas for Counsel to the Heir Apparent of the Mogul " to make the Purpose of carrying on the fame, the said Hastings " Advances to the ," when he well knew, and

was driven headlong to Acts which did much more had expressly concurred in, the Designs of that State

openly indicate the true Nature and Purpose of his against his Father's [the Mogul’s] Dominions; and

Machinations: For he at length recurred directly and farther to engage and entrap the said Prince, did assert

with little Disguise to the Marattas, and did open an that " our Government." [meaning the British Govern-

Intrigue with them, although he was obliged to confess ment] " was in intimate and sworn Connexion with

in his Letter aforesaid, of the 16th June 1784, that the " Ma ," when no Alliance offensive or defen-

Exception which he contended to be implied in the five appear to exist between the said Scindia and the

Orders of the Court of Directors, forbidding the inter- East India Company, nor can exist, otherwise than in

meddling in the Disputes of " the Country Powers," virtue of some secret Agreement between him the said

namely that " Powers not permanent," did by no Scindia and Hastings, entered into by the latter

Means apply" to the Marattas; and he informs the without the Knowledge of his Colleagues, and the

Court of Directors that he did, on the very First Advice Government, and never communicated to the Court of

he received of the Flight of the Mogul’s Son, write to Directors: And, Secondly, he did, in order to further

Mr. James Anderson to apprize the Maratta Chief the Designs of the Marattas, contrive and effect the

Scindia of that Event; " for which, as he was unpre- Ruin of the said Mogul and his Authority, by letting

" pared, he desired his [the said Scindia’s] Advice for on Foot, through the aforesaid Major Broome, sundry

" his Conduct on the Occasion of it." Which Method perplexed and intricate Negociations, contrary to public

of calling for the Advice of a Foreign Power to regulate Faith, and to the Honour of the British Nation; by

his Political Conduct, instead of being regulated therein which he did exceedingly increase the Confusion and

by the Advice of the British Council, and the Standing Disorders of the Mogul’s Court, exposing the said Mogul

Orders of the Court of Directors, was a Procedure to new Indignities, Insults, and Distresses, and almol't

highly Criminal; and the Crime is aggravated by his not all of the Northern Parts of to great and ruinous

communicating the said Correspondence to the Council Convulsions, until Three . out of Four of the princi-

General, as by his Duty he was bound to do; but it pal Chieftains, some of them possessing the Territories

does abundantly prove his Concert with the Marattas in lately belonging to Nudjif Caxvn, and maintaining

all that related to his Negociations in the Mogul Court, among them Eighty thousand Troops of Horse and which were carried on agreeably to their Advice, and Foot, and some of which Chiefs were the Ministers

in Subserviency to their Views and Purposes. aforesaid, being cut off by their mutual Dissentions,

XVIII. That in Consequence of the Cabal begun and the Fort of Delhi being at length delivered to with the Marattas, the said Chief Scindia did fend his the Marattas, the said Scindia became the unconfamiliar and confidential Ministers" to him the said trolled Ruler of the Royal Army; and the Person of Hastings, being at Lucknow, with whom the said the Mogul, with the Use of all his Pretensions and Hastings did hold several secret Conferences, without Claims, fell into the Hands of a Nation already too any Secretary or other Assistant; and the said Hastings powerful, together with an extensive Territory, which hath not conveyed to the Court of Directors any entirely covers the Company’s Possessions and Depen-Minutes thereof, but hath purposely involved even the dencies on one Side, and particularly those of the Nabob general Effect and Tendency of these Conferences in of Oude.

such Obscurity, that it is no otherwise possible to per- XX. That the Circumstances of these Countries did, ceive the Drift and Tendency of the fame, but by the in the Opinion of the said Warren Hastings himself, general Scope of Councils and Acts relative to the sufficiently indicate to him the Necessity of not aggran-Politics of the Mogul, and of the Marattas together, and dizing any Power whatsoever on their Borders, he by the final Event of the Whole, which is sufficiently having, in the aforesaid Letter of the 16th June, given a visible. For deliberate Opinion of the Situation of Oude in the Words

XIX. That the said Hastings had declared, in his following: " That whilst we are at Peace with the said Letter of the 16th June 1784, that the Mogul’s " Powers of Eumpe it is only in this Quarter that your Right to our Assistance had been constantly acknow- " Possessions, under the Government of Bettgal are ledged; that the Mogul had been oppressed by the lesser " vulnerable." And he did further in the said Letter Mahomedan Princes, in the Character of his Officers of state, that, " if Things had continued as they had been State, and Military Commanders; and he did plainly " to that Time, with a divided Government," [viz. the intimate that the said Mogul ought to be relieved from Company’s and the Vizier’s, which Government he had that Servitude. And he did, in giving an Account to himself established, and under which it ever must in a the Court of Directors of the Conferences aforesaid, great Degree remain, whilst the said Country continues, assure them that " his Inclinations [the Inclinations of in a State of Dependence] " the slightest Shock from a " the Maratta Chief aforesaid] were not very dissimilar " Foreign Hand, or even an accidental internal Com- from his own;" and that " neither in this, nor in any " motion, might have thrown the Whole into Conother Instance, would he fuller himself to be drawn " fusion, and produced the most fatal Consequences."

" into Measures which shall tend to weaken their Con- In this perilous Situation, he made the above-recited

nefition, nor in this even to oppose his [the said Chief’s] Sacrifices to the Ambition of the Marattas, and did Vox. 41. 7 T all

622 26° Aprili 1786.

all along so actively countenance and forward their Pro* ceedings, and with so full a Sense of their Effect, that in ’ his Minute of the 24th December 1784, he has declared, " That in the Countries which border on the " Dominions of the Nabob Vizier, or on that Quarter " of our own, in Effect there is no other Power." And he did further admit, that the Presence of the Maratta Chief aforesaid, io near the Borders of the Nabob’s Dominions, was no Cause of Suspicion, for, " that it is " the Effect of his own Solicitation, and is so far the " Effect of an Act of that Government."

XXI. That in further Pursuit of the same pernicious Design, he the said Warren Hastings did enter into an Agreement to withdraw a very great Body of the British Troops out of the Nabob's Dominions; asserting, however truly, yet in direct Contradiction to his own Declarations, that " this Government [meaning the " British Government] has not any Right to force " Defence with its Maintenance upon him" [the Nabob]; and he did thus not only avowedly aggrandize the Maratta State, and weaken the Defence upon the Frontier, but did as avowedly detain their Captain General in Force on that very Frontier; notwithstanding be was well apprized, that they had Designs against those dependent Territories of Oude, which they had with great Difficulty been persuaded even in Appearance to include in the Treaty of Peace; and that they have never renounced their Claims upon certain large and valuable Portions of them, and have shewn evident Signs of their Intentions, on the First Opportunity, of averting and enforcing the m. And, finally, the said Warren Hastings, in Contradiction to sundry Declarations of his own, concerning the Necessity of curbing the Power of the Marattas, and to the Principle of sundry Measures undertaken by himself professedly for that Purpose, and to the Sense of the House of Commons, expressed in their Resolutiou of 28th 1782, against any Measures that tended to unite the dangerous Powers of the Maratta Empire under One active Command, has endeavoured to persuade the Company, that " while Scindia lives, every Accession of Territory

" obtained by him will be an Advantage to this [the " British] Government;" which, if it was true as

respecting the Personal Dispositions of Scindia, which there is no Reaibn to believe, yet it was highly Criminal to establish a Power in the Marattas, which must survive the Man, in Confidence of whose Personal Dispositions a Power more than Personal was given, and which may hereafter fall into Hands disposed to make a more hostile Use of it.

XXII. That in Consequence of all the before-recited Intrigues, the Mogul Emperor being in the Hands of the Marattas, he the said Mogul has been obliged to declare the Head of the Maratta State to be Vicegerent of the Mogul Empire, an Authority which supersedes that of Vizier, and has thereby consolidated in the Maratta State all the Powers acknowledged to be of legal Authority in India; in Consequence of which they have acquired, and have actually already attempted to use, the said Claims of general Superiority against the Company itself; the Marattas claiming a Right in themselves to a Fourth Part of the Revenues of all the Provinces in the Company’s Pofiession, and claiming in Right of the Mogul the Tribute due to him; by which Aftings and Doings the said Hastings has to the best of his Power brought the British Provinces in India into a Dependence on the Maratta State; and in order to add to the aforesaid enormous Claims a proportioned Force, he did never cease, during his Stay m India, to contrive the Means for its Increase: For it is of public Notoriety, that One great Object of the Maratta Policy is to unite under their Dominion

the Nution or Religious Sect of the Seiks, who being a People abounding with Soldiers, and possessing large Territories, would extend the Maratta Power over the Whole of the vast Countries to the North-West of India.

XXIII. That the said Warren Hastings, farther to augment the Power of the said Marattas, and to endanger the Safety of the British Possessions, having estab-liftied in Force the said Marattas on the Frontier, as afore recited, and finding the Council General averse in that Situation to the withdrawing the British Forces therefrom, and for disbanding them to the Extent required by the said Hastings, did in a Minute of the 4th December 1784, after stating a Supposition, that, contrary to his Opinion, the said Troops should not be reduced, propose to employ them under the Commaad of the Mogul’s Son, then under the Influence of the Marattas, in a War against the aforesaid People or Religious Sect called Seiks, defending the same on the following Principles: " I feel the Sense of an Obligation " imposed on me, by the Supposition I have made, to " state a Mode of rendering the Detachment of Use in " its prescribed Station, and of affording the appearance " of a Cause for its Retention."

XXIV. That the said Hastings did admit, that there was no present Danger to the Company’s Possessions from that Nation, which could justify him in such a War, as he had declared that the Marattas were the only Power that bordered on the Company’s Possessions and those of the Vizier; but he did assign as a Reason for going to War with them, their Military and Enthu-fiaftic Spirit; the Hardiness of their natural Confiitution; the Dangers which might arise from them in some future Time, if they should ever happen to be united under One Head, they existing at present in a State little different from Anarchy; and he did predict great Danger from them, and at no very remote Period, " if this " People be permitted to grow into Maturity without " Interruption." And though he doth pretend, that the Solicitations of the Heir Apparent of the Mogul, who he fays did repeatedly and earnestly solicit him to obtain the Permission to use the Company’s Troops for the Purpose aforesaid, had Weight with him; yet he doth declare, as he expresses himself in the Minute aforesaid, that " a " stronger Impulse, arising from the Hope of blasting " the Growth of a Generation whose Strength might " become fatal to our own, strongly pleaded in my Mind " for supporting his Wiihes."

XXV. That the said Warren Hastings, after forcibly recommending the Plan aforesaid, did state strong. 05-jeftions, that did, " in his Judgment, outweigh the " Advantages which might arise from a Compliance " with it." Yet the said Hastings, being determined to pursue his Scheme for aggrandising, at any Rate, the Maratta Power, in whose adult Growth, and the recent Effects of it, he could fee no Danger, did pursue the Design of War against a Nation or Sect of Religion in its Infancy, from whom he had received no Injury, and in whose present State of Government he did not apprehend any Mischief whatsoever: And finding the Council fixed and determined on not disbanding the Frontier Regiments, and thinking that therein he had found an Advantage, he did ground thereon the following Proposition.

" If the Expence [of the Frontier Troops] is to " be continued, it may be surely better continued " for some ufeftil Purpose, than to keep up the " Parade of a great Military Corps, designed merely " to lie inactive in its Quarters. On this Ground " therefore, and on the Supposition premiftd, I r£vert to mv original Sentiments in Favour of the " Prince’s Plan j but as this wiU require some

" Qualification

New Mai ton Road.

26 Geo. III.

26° Arilis.

623

" Qualification in the Execution of it, I will state my " Recommendation of it in the Terms of a Proposition; viz. That if it shall be the Resolution of the " Board to continue the Detachment now under the " Command of Colonel Sir John Camming at " ruckabad; and if the Prince Mirza Jehander Shah

shall apply, with the Authority of the King, and the " Concurrence of Madajee Scinfor the Assistance of

" an English Military Force to act in Conjunction with him, to expel the Seiks from the Territories of which " they have lately possessed themselves in the Neighbourhood of Delhi, it may be granted, and such a " Portion of the said Detachment allotted to that " Service as shall be hereafter judged adequate to " it."

XXVI. That the said Warren Hastings did, in the said Proposal, endeavour to circumvent and over-reach the Council General, by converting an apparent and literal Compliance with their Resolution into a real and substantial Opposition to and Disappointraent thereof. For his First Proposal was to withdraw the Company’s Troops from the Viziers Country, on the Pretence of relieving him from the Burthen of that Efrablishment, but in Reality with a View of facilitating the Maratta Pretentions on that Province, which would then be deprived of the Means of Defence. And when the Council rejected the said Proposal, on the express Ground of Danger to the Province, by withdrawing from the Ma-rattas the Restraint of our Troops, the said Hastings, finding his First Scheme in Favour of the Marattas, against the Provinces dependant on the Company, defeated by the Refusal of the Council to concur in the said Measure of withdrawing the Troops, did then endeavour to obtain the same Purpose in a different Way; and instead of leaving the Troops, according to the Intention and Policy of the Council, as a Check to the Ambition and Progress of the Marattas, he proposed to employ them in the actual Furtherance of those Schemes of Aggrandizement, of which his Colleagues were jealous, and which it was the Object of their Resolution to counteract.

XXVII. That in the whole of the Letters, Negotiations, Propofols, and Projects of the said Warren Hastings 1,relative to the Mogul, he did appear to pursue but One Object, namely, the Aggrandizement of the lately hostile and always dangerous Power of the Ma-' ratios; and did pursue the same by Means highly dif-honourable to the British Character for Honour, Justice, Candour, Plain Dealing, Moderation and Humanity.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Articles be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which were presented to the House by Mr. Burke, upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, are referred.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the some to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

VoL« 41.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Yorkereported from the Committee, to whom Cambridge

the Petition of the Tradesmen and principal Inhabitants Small1)ebls* in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and also of the Tradesmen and principal Inhabitants in the Hundreds of Armingford, Chesterton, and Northstow,

Charley, Chilford, and Whittlesford, Longstow, Pap-

worth, Radfield, Siaine, and Fiendish,

and Wetherley, in the said County of Cambridge, was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Gillam being examined, said, That several extend ve Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the said Town and Hundreds, and many Persons within the same contract Small Debts, who, although able, refuse to pay, presuming on the 'Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for Recovery of such Debts, by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expence and Delays which attend the fame.

And he added, That a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and Hundreds, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and encourage useful Credit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Staine, Northstow, South or Longstow, Papworth, Wetherley, Armingford, Triplow, Whit-lesford, Chilford, Staplow, Cheveley, and Radfield, in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Yorke, Sir Henry Peyton, and General Adeaue, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee imported into Scotland, from the lft of January 1775 to the 31st of December 1785; distinguishing each Year, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Year ending at Christmas 1785, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of all Grain and Corn to and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Year 1764 to 1771, and from 1781 to 1785, being the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishingeach Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

Accounts from Scotland;

Plantation

Coffee.

Run and Sugar.

Corn and Grain.

Accounts from Scotland;

Plantation

Coffee.

Excise

Office.

Seaford

Election.

Sugar imported.

624 26" Aprilis. A- 178

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Costee imported into Scotland, from ill January 1775 to 3.1st December 1785; distinguishing each Year, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the several Sums retained in the Excise Office, in order to answer Demands made on Account of Payments of the Taxes to the present Collectors.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dempster, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Right Honourable Henry Flood, and Sir Godfrey IVibster. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of in the County of Sussex, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Henderson, Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And allb, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Henry Flood, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of

Seaford.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Right honourable Henry Flood is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, is duly eleCfced a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, and amend the lame, by rating out the Names of Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, and Sir Henderson, Baronet, and inserting the Names of the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1780 to the ,25th of December 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the different Islands from whence imported.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Town of Hawkers &nd Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to PeiUani’ the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and many other neighbouring Shopkeepers, will be greatly affected and injured by the Bill for repealing the 9th and 11 th Clauses of the Hawkers and Pedlars Act, palfed last Year, in case the same shall pals into a Law, and therefore they cannot fee, but with deep Concern, such a Meal’ure intended to be enacted, as will totally destroy the Force of the aforesaid Clauses (the only Alleviation to the Petitioners for the heavy Shop Tax lately imposed) and which, if repealed, will render the Burthen of the last mentioned Tax (already fuf-liciently grievous) much more heay,;- and that the aforesaid Clauses, as they now stand, are beneficial to the Community, being the Means of preventing those Itinerants from imposing their (otherwise) unialeable Wares on the unwary Public, and who pay a very small Portion to the Public Levies, compared to the heavy and grievous Taxes with which the Petitioners and other Retail Shopkeepers are burthened: And therefore requeuing, That the aforesaid restraining Clauses may not be repealed, and that the House. wftl grant to the Petitioners such other Relief as to’ the House shall seem meet,

A Petition of the resident Shopkeepers within the Ditto. Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is now before the House, to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade: And therefore praying, That the House will take into their serious Consideration the ill Consequences that must inevitably follow -the Repeal of that Act to the resident Traders, who have heretofore suffered so much by those itinerant Traders, and who, by an Act of the last Session, were burthened by an additional Tax, on-their Shops, and will not suffer the said Bill to be carried into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating " their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cecil reported from the Committee, to whom the James Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term Deeping and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of Stone Bridge the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South -.

End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to' be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, -

ie

Aberdeen

Iledion*

Greenland

Whale

Fishtry.

Ditto.

26 Geo. III. i6° Ap 5

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, made upon the 20th Day of March lait, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of James gufon, Esquire, of Pitfour; and all'o the Petition of Sir Archibald Grant, of Monymu Baronet, Alexander Leith, of Freefield, Esquire, and John Taylor, Esquire,

Purchaser of Part of the Estate of Belhelvie, Freeholders of the County of Aberdeen, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of the Merchants of Edinburgh and Lath, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all Owners, or Part Owners of Ships concerned in the Whale Fishing at tjhe Port of Leith, was prefeuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Number of the Petitioners were concerned in the Old Edinburgh Whale Fishing Company, with a Capital Stock of 12,775/. Sterling, which was all funk in the Trade, even with the Bounty of 40$. Sterling per Ton, excepting 1,825/. Sterling, when the Company came to be dissolved in July last; and that the Petitioners have again fitted out Four Ships from the Port of Leith, at a great Expence, on the Faith of the Bounty continuing, which employ near Two hundred of as good Seamen as any in the Kingdom, a Number of which could not otherwise be employed at the Port of Leith, although born and bred in the Place, and served their Country in the late War; and that reducing the Greetdand Bounty will nearly operate to the Extinction of that Branch of Bufinefe in this Country, and will be a particular Hardship on the Owners of Ships returning without Success: And therefore praying the House to continue the Bounty of 40 Sterling per Ton, at lead to give that Bounty to the Owners of those Ships which return to their respective Ports without Success, according to Justice.

A Petition of the Directors of the East Lothian and Merse Whale Fishing Company carried on at Dunbar, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have carried on at Dunbar the Whale Fishing Trade for Thirty-four Years, that the Bounty has been 40 s.person lor Twenty-nine Years, and for Five Years, from the Year 1777 to 1781,inclusive, 30 s.per Ton, and, in the early Part of their Business, the Ships fitted out from Scotland amounted, at One Time, to Sixteen; and that all the Adventurers gave up Business, and, in most Cafes, loft nearly their Capitals, except the Petitioners, who had the only Ships in that Trade from Scotland for several Years, and the said Company, in the Year 1770, were so much in Debt, that it was in Agitation to dissolve the Company, which would have been nearly the Lois of their Capital of 9,950/. but, by Perseverance, they struggled through their Difficulties, paid their Debt, and are now a flourishing Company, having increased their Ships from Three to Five; and that the Petitioners have kept very regular Rooks, from which a full Statement of the Particulars of their Trade, from the Year 1752 to 1785, is made out, find, during that Period, they have fitted out Niqety-

Yoi.. M.

eight Ships, and never loft One, and have caught to the Value in Oil and Bone 91,099/.; and that the Circumstances and Direction of their Company, for Thirty-four Years, are the most singular, in Point of Example, that they suppose can be brought forward for the Information of the House, and, the Petitioners apprehend, that the House, on considering the Facts contained in these Statements, will fee good Reason to continue the Bounty at 40& per Ton for feme Years longer, otherwise the new Adventurers will probably share the unhappy Fate of their Predecessors in the Trade: And therefore praying the House to take these Statements into Consideration.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Neumham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as foloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from in the City of

London, to the opposite Side, in the county of,

and to make Ways and Passages to and from the lame, on each Side of the said River; and also, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for com pleating the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, on the London Side of the said River, were read; by which last mentioned Act it appeared, that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons were impowered to embank a certain Part of the North Side of the said River, within the Limits therein described, and, for the Purpose of providing a Fund to defray the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge, when built, that they were also impowered to charge the Ground to be obtained by the said Embankment with certain Quit Rents to arise therefrom.

Mr. Robert Milne, Surveyor, being then examined, said, That the said Bridge and Embankment are corn-pleated, as directed and required by the said Acts — That the Produce of the Fund anting by virtue of the said Acts, and thereby made applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said Bridge, and of the lighting, watching, and cleansing thereof, amounts to no more than 175/1 per Annum; but that there are feme other small Pieces of Ground, at present under Dispute, which if let by the City of London may form an Addition to the said Fund of about 10/. per Annum. And he produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge, by which it appeared, that the Annual Charge thereof will be 599 /. and upwards. And being further examined, he laid. That all the Particulars of the said Estimate, except the watering, are exprefely directed to be done by the said Acts of Parliament, and that the Calculations are formed upon a Plan of performing the said Works in such a Manner as will be but barely sufficient for the Safety and Accommodation of the Public. And being further examined, he said, It is apprehended, that a Sunday Toll on Carriages and Horses passing over the said Bridge, would be the most eligible Way of obtaining an Income sufficient to make up the Deficiency of the present Fund, applicable to the above-mentioned very useful and necessary Purposes;

7 IT and

Blackfriars

Bsidj-e,

Imprison-iLent by Court* of Conscience.

Exporting

Wool.

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

620 26° Aprilis.A. 1786.

end that the Paflfage to and from London, over the said Bridge, is the only Avenue to the Metropolis at which a Sunday Toll is not paid at this Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or near The Circus, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey, towards increasingtbe Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing Blackfriai's Bridge: And that Mr. Alderman Newnham and Mr. Alderman do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment " of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions " in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex.', and " the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in " each Court, and for abolishing Fees paid by those " Debtors to Gaolers or others on Account of such " Imprisonment," to all Courts instituted for the Recovery of small Debts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abo-liftiing the Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Imprisonment, and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, Majority of the principal Burgesses and Assistants, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for some Time past, great Quantities of Wool have been shipped and exported from certain Ports of Great Britain to Foreign Countries, to the great and mani-fed; Injury of the Traders and Manufacturers of this Country, and contrary to the several Statutes in that same made and provided: And therefore praying, That the House will adopt such Methods for preventing such illicit and pernicious Practices as to the House shall feetn meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Little Smea-Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, |onj *c-and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton, nc 0 ure* and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners for Land Tax putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parlia- Commis-ment, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His fio, iers*

" Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-six," was read the Ttiird Time.

Resoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-six."

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ManifeC*. House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Warren Hastings, late Governor Ge- Charges neral of Bengal, was presented to the House, and read; against Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Mr. Halting*. Votes of the 4th and 12th Days of this Instant April, that Mr. Burke, in his Place, has charged the Petitioner with sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors to this House, which Articles are referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House: And therefore praying, That he may be heard in his Defence to the said Articles, and that lie may be allowed a Copy of the fame.

And a Motion being made, and die Question being

proposed,

2 6 Geo. III.

26° Apr ills. 627

proposed, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charges^ and that he be allowed a Copy of the fame;

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 20th, 25th, and 26th Days of November 1680, of the Proceedings of the House on the Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences, delivered in against Edward Seymour, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charges, and that he be allowed a Copy of the lame.

Charges Mr. Burke presented to the House another Article

!f"? of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against r‘ In^s‘ Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of

Bengal.

And the said Article was delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and read; and is as followeth;

Further Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal,

N* 19.

Libel on the Court of Directors.

I. That Warren Hastings, Esquire, was, during the Whole of the Year 1783, a Servant of the East India Company, and was bound by the Duties of that Relation, not only to yield Obedience to the Orders of the Court of Directors, but to give to the Whole of their Service an Example of Subnnffion, Reverence, and Reined: to their Authority: And that if they should, in the Course of their Duty, call in Question any Part of his Conduct, he was bound to conduct his Defence with Temper and Decency; and while his Conduct was under their Consideration, it was not allowable to print and publish any of his Letters to them, without their Content first had and obtained; and he was bound by the same Principles of Duty, enforced by still more Cogent Reaions, to observe, in a Paper intended for Publication, great Modesty and Moderation, and to treat the said Court of Directors, his lawful Matters, with Respect.

II. That the said Warren Hastings did print and publish, or cause to be printed and published, at Calcutta in Bengal, the Narrative of his Transactions at Benares, in a Letter written at that Place, without Leave had of the Court of Directors, in order to preoccupy the Judgment of the Servants in that Settlement, and to gain from them a factious Countenance and Support, previous to -the Judgment and Opinion of the Court of Directors, his lawful Superiors.

III. That the Court of Directors, having come to certain Resolutions of Fad relative to the Engagements subsisting between them and the Rajah of Benares, and the Manner in which the same had been fulfilled on the Part of the Rajah, did, in the Fifth Resolution, which was partly a Resolution of Opinion, declare as follows: " That it appears to this Court, that the Conduct of the " Governor General towards the Rajah, whilst he was at " Benares, was improper; and that the imprisonment of " his Person, thereby disgracing him in the Eyes of his " Subjects, and others, was unwarrantable and highly " impolitic, and may tend to weaken the Confidence " which the Native Princes of India ought to have " in the Justice and Moderation of the Company’s " Government."

Vol. 41.

IV. That the said Resolutions being transmitted to the said Warren Hastings, be, the said Warren Hastings, did write, and cause to be printed and published, a certain false, inlolent, malicious, and seditious Libel, purporting to be a Letter from him; the said Warren Hastings, to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, 2oth March 1783, "calculated [as the Directors truly " affirm] to bring Contempt, as well as an Odium, on " the Court of Directors, for their Conduct on that " Occasion and the said Libel had a direct Tendency to excite a Spirit of Disobedience to the lawful Government of this Nation in India, through all Ranks of their Service.

V. That he, the said Warren Hastings, among other

inlolent and contumacious Charges and Aspersions on the Court of Directors, did addrels them in the printed Letter aforesaid, as follows: — " I deny that Rajah Cheit Sing was a Native Prince of India. Cheit Sing is " the Son of a Collector of the Revenue of that Province, which his Arts, and the Misfortunes of his " Master, enabled him to convert to a permanent and " hereditary Possession. This Man, whom you have thus " ranked among the Princes of India, will be astonished " when be hears it, at an Elevation so unlooked for; " nor less at the independent Rights which your Commands have assigned him; Rights which are so foreign " to his Conceptions, that I doubt whether he will know " in what Language to assert them; unless the Example " which you have thought it consistent with,

" however opposite to Policy, to shew, of becoming his " Advocates against your own Interests, should inspire " any of your own Servants to be his Advisers and " Instructors."And he did further, to bring into Contempt the Authority of the Company, and to excite a Resistance to their lawful Orders, frame a Supposition that the Court of Directors had intended the Restoration of the Rajah of Benares; and on that Ground did presume, in the said label, to calumniate, in difrefpedful and contumelious Terms, the Policy of the Court of Directors, as well as the Person whom he did conceive to be the Object of their Protection, as followeth: — "Of " the Conferences of such a Policy I forbear to speak. " Most happily, the Wretch whose Hopes may be excited

" by the Appearances in his Favour, is ill qualified to " avail himself of them, and the Force which is stationed " in the Province of Benares is sufficient to suppress any

Symptoms of internal Sedition’, but it cannot fail to " create Distrust and Suspense in the Minds both of the " Rulers and of the People, and such a State is always " productive of Disorder. But it is not in this partial " Consideration that I dread the Effects of your Commands, it is in your proclaimed Indisposition against " the First Executive Member of your First Government in India. I almost lhudder at the Reflection of " what might have happened, had these Denunciations " against your own Minister, in Favour of a Man univertally considered, in this Part of the World, as justly " attainted for his Crimes, the Murderer of your Ser- vants and Soldiers, and the Rebel to your Authority, " arrived Two Months earlier.’’

VI. That the said Warren Hastings did also presume to censure and asperse the Court of Directors for the moderate Terms in which they had expressed their Dif-pleasure against him, as putting him under the Necessity of stating in his Defence a strong Accusation against himself; and as implying in the said Court a Conscious-qefs that he was not guilty of the Offences charged upon him, being, as he asserts, in the Resolutions of the Court of Directors, " arraigned and pre-judged of a " Violation of National Faith in Acts of such complicated Aggravation, that, if they were true, no Punishment SHORT OF DEATH could atone for the " Injury which the Interest and Credit of the Public

" had

1 A

6$ 8

26° Jprilis. A. 1786-

Charge* " had sustained in them And he did therefore censure

against the said Court, for applying no stronger, or more crimi*-

Mr. Mailings. nating Epithets, than those of " improper, unwarrantable, and highly impolitic," to an Offence so by them charged, and by him described. And though it be true, that the Expressions aforesaid are much too reserved for the Purpose of duly chara&erifing the Offences of the said Hastings, yet was it in him most indecent, to libel the Court of Directors for the fame; and his Implication, from the Tenderness of the Epithets and De-feriptious aforesaid used towards him, was not only indecent, but ungrounded, malicious, and scandalous; he having himself highly, though truly, aggravated " the " Charge of the Injuries done by him to the Rajah of " Benares," in order to bring the said Directors into Contempt and Suspicion; the Paragraphs in the said Libel being as follow: " Here I must crave Leave to " say, that the Terms ‘improper, unwarrantable, and " highly impolitic,’ are much too gentle, as Deductions " from such Premises; and as every Reader of the Jt latter will obviously feel, as he reads, the Deductions " which inevitably belong to them, I will add that the " strict Performance of solemn Engagements on one " Part, followed by Acts directly subversive of them, " and by total Dispossession, on the other, stamps on " the Perpetrators of the latter the Guilt of the " greatest possible Violation of Faith and Justice." — " There is an Appearance of Tenderness in this " Deviation from plain Construction, of which, however meant, I have a Right to complain; because it " imposes on me the Necessity of framing the Terms " of the Accusation against myself, which you have " only not made, but have dated the leading Arguments to it so strongly, that no one who reads " these can avoid making it, or not know it to have " been intended."

VII. That the said Hastings, being well aware that his own Declarations did contain the cleared Condemnation of his own Conduct from his own Pen, did in the dud Libel, attempt to overturn, frustrate, and render of none Effect, all the Proofs to be given of Prevarication, Contradiction, and of Opposition of Action to Principle, which can be used against Men in public Trust, and did contend that the same could not be used against him; and as if false Assertions could be justified by factious Motives, he did endeavour to do away the Authority of his own deliberate, recorded Declarations, entered by him in Writing on the Council Books of the Presidency; for, after asserting, but not attempting to prove, that his Declarations were confident with his Conduct, he writes in the said Libel as follows: For " were it otherwise, they were not to be made the " Rules of my Conduct; and God forbid that every c‘ ExprefSon dictated by the Impulse of present Emergency, and unpremeditatedly uttered in the Heat of " Party Contention, should impose upon me the Obligation of a fixed Principle, and be applied to every " variable Occasion."

VIII. That the said Hastings, in order to draw the lawful Dependence of the Servants of the Company from the Court of Directors, to a factious Dependence on himself, did, in the Libel aforesaid, treat the Acts and Appointments of their undoubted Authority, when exercised in Opposition to his arbitrary Will, as ruinous to their Affairs, in the following Terms: " It is as well known to the Indian World, " as to the Court of English, Proprietors, that the " first declaratory Instruments of the Dissolution of " my Influence, in the Year 1774, were Mr. John " Bristow and Mr. Francis Fowke: By your ancient " and known Constitution, the Governor has been ever " held forth, and' understood to possess the ostensible x< Powers of Government; all the Correspondence 02

" with Foreign Princes is cohduCled in his Name; and " every Person resident with them for the Management

" of your Political Concerns, is understood to be mom " especially his Representative, and of his Choice — and " such ought to be the Rule; for how otherwise can " they trust an Agent, nominated against the Will of his Principal ? When the State of this Administration " was such as seemed to admit of the /Appointment of " Mr. Bristow to the Residency of Lucknow, without " much Diminution of my oxen Influence, I gladly " seized the Occasion to fiiew my Rcadincfs to submit " to your Commands: I proposed his Nomination; he was nominated, and declared to be the Agent of my " own Choice. Even this Effect of my Caution is " defeated by your absolute Command for his Re-appointment independent of me, and with the Supposition that " I should be adverse to it. — I am now wholly deprived " of my Official Powers, both in the Province of Oude,

" and in the Zemindary of Benares."

IX. That, further to emancipate others and himself from due Obedience to the Court of Directors, he did, in the Libel aforesaid, enhance his Services; which, without Specification or Proof, he did suppose in the said Libel to be important and valuable, by representing them as done under their Displeasure; and doth attribute his not having done more, to their Opposition, as followeth: — "It is now a complete Period of Eleven " Years since I first received the First nominal Charge,

" of your Affairs; in the Course of it I have invariably " had to contend, not with ordinary Difficulties, but " such as most unnaturally arose from the Opposition of " those very Powers from which I primarily derived my " Authority, and which were required for the Support (f " it.My Exertions, though applied to an unvaried

" and confident Line of Action, have been occasional " and desultory; yet I please myself with the Hope,

" that in the Annals of your Dominion, which shall be " written after the Extinction of recent Prejudices, this " Term of its Administration will appear not the least " conducive to the Interests of the Company, nor the " least reflective of the Honour of the British Name;. " and allow me to suggest the Instructive Reflection of " what Good might have been done, and what Evil prevented, had due Support been given to that " tion which has performed such eminent and substantial " Services without it."

And the said Hastings, farther to render the Authority of the said Court perfectly contemptible, doth, in a Strain of Exultation for his having escaped out of a Measure, in which by his Guilt he had involved the Company in a ruinous War, and out of which it had escaped by a Sacrifice of almost all the Territories before acquired (from that Enemy which he had made) either by War, or former Treaties, and by the abandoning the Company’s Allies to their Mercy; attribute the said sup-pol'ed Services to his acting in such a Manner as had on former Occasions excited their Displeasure, in the following Words:

" Pardon, Honourable Sirs, this digreflive Exultation;

" I cannot suppress the Pride'which I feel in this successful Atchievement of a Measure so fortunate for " your Interests, and the National Honour-; for that " Pride is the Source of my Zeal, so frequently exerted " in your Support, and never more happily than in those " Instances in which I have departed from the prescribed " and beaten Path of Action, and assumed a Responsibility " which has too frequently drawn on me the most poinied " Effects of your Displeasure. But however I may yield " to my private Feelings, in thus enlarging on the Subject, my Motive in introducing it was immediately " connected with its Context, and was to contract the " actual State of your Political Affairs, derived a u happier Influence, with that which might have attended

an

46 Geo. III. i6° Aprilis.. 620

uan earlier Dissolution of it And he did value himself upon " the Patience and Temper with which he had €l submitted to all the Indignities which have been " heaped upon him [meaning by the said Court " of Directors] in this long Service:" And he did insolently attribute to an nnusual Strain of 2Jeal for their Service, that he " persevered in the VIOLENT " MAINTENANCE OF HIS OFFICE.’*

X. That in order further to excite the Spirit of

Disobedience in the Company’s Servants, to the lawful Authority let over them, he the said Warren Hastings did treat contemptuously and ironically the supposed Disposition of the Company’s Servants to obey the Orders of the Court of Directors, in the Words following: " The Recall of Mr. , who was

" known to be the public Agent of my own Nomination " at Benares, and the Re-appointment of Mr. Francis

" Fowke, by your Older, contained in the same Letter,

*£ would place it [the Reltoration of Cheit Sing] " beyond a Doubt. This Order has been and

" whenever you shall be pleased to order the Restoration " Cheit Sing, I will venture to promise the same ready " and exact Submission in the other Members of the " CouncilAnd he did, in the Poflscript of the said Letter, and as on Recollection, endeavour to make a Reparation of Honour to his said Colleagues, as if his Expressions aforesaid had arisen from Aniinofity to them, as follows: "Upon a careful Revisal of what I have " written, I fear that an Expression which I have uled, " respecting the probable Conduct of the Board, in the " Event of Orders being received for the Reltoration " of Cheit Sing, may be construed as intimating a " Sense of Disatisfaction, applied to Transactions " already past. — It is not my Intention to complain of " any one."

XI. That the said Hastings, in the Acts of Injury aforesaid to the Rajah of Benares, did afiume and arro-

' gate to himself an illegal Authority therein, and did maintain that the Acts done in Consequence of that Meal'ure were not revocable by any subsequent Authority, in the following Words: " If you should proceed to " order the Reltoration of Sing to the Zemindary, " from which, by the Powers which I legally possessed, " and conceive myself legally bound to assert against any " subsequent Authority to the contrary, derived from " the same common Source, he was disposlefled for " Crimes of the greatest Enormity, and your Council " shall resolve to execute the Order, I will instantly " give up my Station, and the Service."

XII. That the said Warren Hastings did attempt to justify his Publication of the said libellous Letter, to and against the Court of Directors, by aiferting the rein, that these Resolutions [meaning the Resolutions of the Court of Directors, relative to the Rajah of Benares] " were either published, or intended for Publication evidently proving, that he did take this unwarrantable Courl'e without any sufficient Assurancethat the Ground and Motive by him assigned, had any Exiltence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Article be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Article be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mif-. demeanors against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which were presented to the Hnufe by Mr. Burke, upon the 4th Day of this Instant are referred.

Clmrses The other Order of the Day being read, for the

House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole r. u mgs. ^0 consider of the several Articles of Charge

Vo l. 41.

of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to this House since the 4th Day of this Instant April, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 13th, 14th, and 16th Days of April 1668, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to Sir William Penn, as to the Embezzlement of Prize Goods, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 16th, 22d, and 29th Days of December, and the 2d, 9th, 13th, 17th, and 20th Days of Jamiary 1693, of the Proceedings of the House on the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other Crimes and Misdemeanors, presented against Thomas Lord Coningsby and Sir Charles Porter, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Mr. Francis, 1 [ Mr. AnstrulherJ 80.

f The Earl of

Tellers for the Noes, ] ington. 139-

[ Mr. Rose: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, on the Matter of the said Charges.

Ordered, That Sir James Erskine have Leave to make Edinburgh a Motion, it being Eleven of the Clock. Poor, &c.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses in the Eight Districts to the South of the City of Edinburgh.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the said Eight Distri6ts are situated without the Liberties of the City of Edinburgh, enjoy no Benefit or Privilege within the same, derive no Protection or Accommodation from the Police Establishments thereof, and are, to all Intents and Purposes, as much unconnected with the said City, excepting the Angle Circumstance of Vicinity, as any other Part of the County of Edinburgh, and the said tight Districts have, on no Occasion whatever, been subjected to any Burthen imposed upon the City of Edinburgh, whether for the Support of its internal Government and Police, or for defraying the Expence of public Works within the same; and that, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh o!>-tained an Act of Parliament for building a Bridge over the Cougate, and impoling certain Assessments for defraying the Expence of the lame, and, in Consideration of this Communication, which was an Object of considerable Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Eight Districts, and in Consequence of the Magistrates having further prouiifed to supply the said Eight Districts with Water, to make a Communication from the East to the West Parts

7 X thereof.

630 26° Ap . 178^?*

Edinburgh

>0°r, &c.

thereof, and to execute certain other Improvements within the same, all of which they were, by the said Act, to be empowered to do, the Petitioners agreed to be fub-jested to a certain Proportion of the Land Tax payable by the Proprietors within the City, and also to be made liable along with the said Inhabitants, in same the Trustees, named by the said Act, should "not have Funds sufficient for compleating the Bridge, to make good the said Deficiency,* not exceeding Ten Cent, of One Years valued Rent of their respective Properties; but, so sensible were the Magistrates and Council, that the foie Ground upon which any Assessment could be imposed on the Petitioners for the Improvement of the City, was their own free and voluntary Consent, that the A6l not only proceeds on the Narrative that the Pe-tioners had consented to the Assessment, but also 1'pecially provides, that the Payment of a Proportion of the Land Tax imposed, or to be imposed, on the City of . burgh, and its Liberties, by the Owners and Proprietors of the Eight Districts to the South of the City of Edinburgh, shall never infer, or be construed, into any Pretext for subjecting them in any further Burthens, nor for extending the Royalty of the City over those Districts, or any of them; and that, notwithstanding the above special Provision, and the Exemption from all City Taxes, which, independent thereof, the Petitioners, from their local Situation, of Right enjoy, the Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh did lately, without any previous Communication with the Petitioners, apply to the House, and obtain Leave to bring in a Bill, which is now depending, and, upon the Narrative that in order to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, to widen the High Street, and take atvay the Lucken-booths Prison, and Weigh House, it will be proper to give them a Prolpeft of a Fund, for that Purpose, prays, that it may be enacted, " That the Trustees named " for making the said Bridge over the Cowgate, and " Communication from the High Street to the South, in " whatever Situation their Funds may be, and whether " there may be a Deficiency or not, shall have full " Power, and they are hereby authorized to demand, " levy, and collect, from every Proprietor of the City of " Edinburgh, South and North Leith, and

" Pleasance, and of the Eight Districts on the South " Side of the City, a Sum of Money, not exceeding " per Centum of One Year’s valued Rent, as

" the same shall be ascertained for Payment of the Land " Tax, in the same Way and Manner, as they are " entitled to demand and levy the same, in the Event of " their Funds being deficient to the Amount of the said u per Centum, any Thing in the before-cited

" Act, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, notwithstanding;" and that the Petitioners apprehend, that this Attempt to subject them in Payment of the said Assessment, without their Consent, is not only directly inconsistent with the solemn Compact, in Consequence of which they consented to the Assessment imposed by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, and to the special Proviso therein contained, but it is highly unjust in itself, and tending to establish a Precedent dangerous to the Interest of the Petitioners, by subjecting them, on a Variety of firrftlar Pretexts, to the Burthens imposed on the Citizens of Edinburgh, for Purposes in which the Petitioners have no Interest or Concern, and they feel the Injustice of the above Clause the more sensibly, that it is the Object thereof, to apply the Sums to be levied from them on a Work from which they can derive neither Advantage nor Accommodation, while they have no Security that the Improvements, authorized by the former Act to be mad© within the Bounds of the Eight Districts, will be carried into Execution, nor evep that the Removal of the 06

.Luckenbooths and Weigh House, the alledged Object of the said heavy Assessment, will ever take place, there being no Clause in the Bill obliging the Magistrates and Council to lay out the Ten per Cent, on those Improvements within any limited Time: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill, so far as it empowers the Trustees to levy any Part of the said Ten per Cent, from the Proprietors of the Eight Southern Districts, and thereby imposes a Burthen upon them, to which in Justice they cannot be subjected without their Consent, and from which they are specially exempted by the aforesaid Act of the Tw’enty-nflh of His present Majesty, may not pass into a Law, or at least that the House will allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets in the said City, for opening a Communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of Broughton, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbridge have Leave Transport to make a Motion; Service.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders given by the Master General or Board of Ordnance, from the lft of 1783 to

the 31st of March 1784, inclusive, to the Superinten-

dant of the Ordnance Transports, to report on the least expensive and best Mode of carrying on the Service by Vessels employed on the Rivers Thames und Midway, together with Copies of all Reports, made by him on that Subject, to the Master General or Board of Ordnance.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ordnance Return of such Vessels as are the Property of Govern- ^e*1*, ment, employed by the Board of Ordnance on the Rivers Thames and Medway, together with an Account of the Annual Expence incurred by Wages and Repairs, distinguishing each, the Number of Men employed, and the Names of the Masters and Mates respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Annual. Expence incurred by Vessels engaged by Contraft in the Service of the Board of Ordnance, on the Rivers Thames and Medway, and at the Ports of Plymouth and Portsmouth, distinguishing each, together with an Account of the Tonnage of each Vessel, and the Number of Men employed respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Gorfftnne

SLip Owners and Masters.

Scotch Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

Aberdeen

Ele&ioo.

26 Geo. III. 27® Aprtlis.

Jovis, 27* d

Ordered, That the Consideration of tlx: said Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Anno 26* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majel’ty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year " of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from " Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to High gate, in the

" Parish of East Grimtead, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from God-stone, in the County of Surrey, to in the

Parish of East Grimtead, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be " answerable for the Acts of the Masters or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Thornton, Sec.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotlatid for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that James Ferguson, Esquire, of Pitfour, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Aberdeen, desires to withdraw his laid Petition;

The House being also informed that Sir Archibald Grant, of Monymusk, Baronet, Alexander Leith', of Freejicld, Esquire, and John Taylor, Esquire, Purchaser of Part of the Estate of Be Freeholders of the County of Aberdeen, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the said County, who have petitioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said Petitioners bave Leave to withdraw their said several Petitions;

Vol. 41.

A Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry Gainfbo-over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County rou8'1 Bridge, of Lincoln, to the oppoflte Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottitig was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dumombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road Gainibo-from the West End of the Bridge intended to be built ron8hKoad* at or near the Ferry over the River Trent from Gaim-borough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingh Bok, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Milnes,

Mr. Wilber force, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Welstead. from Customs — the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the enouU House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Cocquets taken out at the different Custom Houses of this Kingdom, and of Bonds made to His Majesty on Goods carried Coastwise in the Year 1785; and also, the whole Amount of the Fees thereon, specifying the several Fees taken at each respective Custom House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. -Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Evans, Secre- Rarafgat* tary to the Trustees for the Harbour of Ramsgate, at- Harbour, tended at the Door; he was called in; und at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Money collected for enlarging, building, and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, from the 1 ft Day of Jamiary 1780 until the 31st Day of December 1784, both Years inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon toe Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Members of the Whale Fishing Greenland Company of Aberdeen, whole Names are thereunder 'Vh^le ligned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting c,y’ forth, That the Petitioners, trusting that Parliament would continue the Bounty upon the Greenland Fishery, as settled by the Act of the Twenty-second of George the Third, have, at a very considerable Expence, fitted out Two Ships from the said Port to that Filliery, but they now fee, with Regret, that a Motion has passed in a Committee of tlx: House, to reduce the Bounty from 40«. to 30 s.per Ton, and that it is also in Contemplation

Westminster

Paving.

Heage, See. Read.

63a. 270 Apr . 178^.

plation to malce other Alterations relative to the Fishery, which, the Petitioners apprehend, must prove highly detrimental thereto; and that, from the Experience which the Petitioners have already acquired in the Business, they are ferry' to state to the House, that they will be under the Necessity of giving it up altogether, if the present Bounty from Government is discontinued or curtailed, whereby, betides the Petitioners private Loss, many industrious Men will be deprived of Bread, and the Public must, in the End, feel the Want of so useful a Nursery for Seamen: And therefore praying, That the House will continue the Bounty and other Regulations of the Greenland Fishery, as established by the Act above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paviDg, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for enlarging the Powers of the said Act, by applying a certain Sum, out of the Produce of the Tolls to be levied by virtue of the said Act, for the Purpose of making good the Deficiency of the Fund arising from the Money payable by the Kensington Trull, and applicable to the paving, cleansing, and lighting certain Parts of the said City and Liberty of Westminster.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County; and Setting forth, That the Line of such Part of the said Roads as lies between Shirland and Stretton aforesaid, leads over feme low, swampy Land, and the making and repairing the same will be attended with a considerable Expence, great Part of which might be saved, and a more proper Line of Road opened from Shirland to Stretton, if a Road from the North End of Shirland aforesaid, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Higham, in the said County, to Stretton aforesaid, at or near the North End of the said Town of Higham, on the South Side of the Greyhound Inn, within the said Town was made, amended, and widened, instead of carrying on the Road from Shirland to Stretton, in the Line proposed by the said Bill, and that if, instead of the Trustees for executing the said Bill being directed to make a new Road, as therein described, from the Turnpike Road leading from to Ches-

terfield, at Heage, in the said County, through the several inclosed Grounds, to the Lane leading to Pentridge, they, the said Trustees, were enabled to amend and widen a Lane leading from another Place in the said Turnpike

Road, called Buckland Hollow, to the South End of the Town of Pentridge aforesaid, if the said Trustees shall judge it more convenient for the Neighbourhood and the Public so to do, it might be the Means of accommodating the Neighbourhood more effectually than can be done by the said Bill, as it now stands: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the North End of Shirland to the Turnpike Road at or near the North End of the said Town of Higham, South of the said Greyhound Inn, instead of carrying on the Road from Shirland to Stretton aforesaid, In the Line proposed by the said Bill, and for impowering the said Trustees to amend and widen the said Lane leading from Buckland Holltnv to the South End of the said Town of Pentridge, instead of making the said new Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Duffield to Chesterfield, at Heage, through the said inclosed Grounds, to the Lane leading to Pentridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham " Hedge Comer, and several other Roads in the County " of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wraxcby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said Town of Caistor, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Leicester, in Common Hall act'etnbled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Limestone to the said Canal and Navigation: And setting forth, That Leicester' is a very populous Place, containing Thirteen thousand Inhabitants, and in Possession of a very important Manufactory, and extensive Trade, as well Foreign as Domestic, and the Petitioners are fully

convinced.

Barton

Waterside House Road.

Thringftone Bridge Canal

4<S Geo. III.

170 Jprilis.

633

convinced, that, in case the said Bill should pals Into a Law, it would be of great public Utility, and that thereby the Price of Coals to the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leicester (an imroenfe Quantity of which is used in the Dyeing, and other Branches of Trade) would be considerably reduced; and also, Lime would be brought at an eal'v Rate to Leicester, and great Quantities thereof, from its Cheap--nels by Water Carriage, employed in the Cultivation and Improvement of Lands, not only at or near Leicester, but in the South and Eastern Parts of the County, and that thereby a Communication would be opened to the Three Sea Port Towns of Hull, Liverpool, and Bristol, and the Trade and Commerce of Leicester would be thereby considerably enlarged, not only by the Receipt of Timber, Grocery, Iron, and other Goods by Water Carriage, but by conveying from thence of Wool in large Quantities, and other Articles of Trade: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Tliringftone, A Petition of the Gentlemen and others, whose Names

Bridge Canal, are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands situate between Loughborough and Leicester, upon or near the River Soar, and to the South and East of the Town of Leicester, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully satisBed, that the said Bill, if passed, will be of great public Utility, particularly in reducing the Price of Lime so considerably, that much larger Quantities will be applied to the Cultivation and Improvement of Lands situate in the Parts above described than are now used, owing to the great Expence and Inconvenience of Land Carriage: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, was also presented to the House, and read'; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners consider the same of great Importance to the Town and Neighbourhood of Harborough, not only in extending its Intercourse and Commerce iii general with Leicester, but particularly in the Article of Coal, which the Petitioners receive almost entirely from Leicester, in the Price of which there must be a considerable Reduction in case the Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Diu*. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen,

and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced, that the passing the said Bill into a Law would be beneficial to the Town and Neighbourhood of because Com and Wool are taken from thence to Leicester, and Cokes and Coal, and other Articles, brought back from thence; and that, as Cokes, Coal, and other Articles now brought by Land Carriage to Leicester, will be reduced considerably in Price by Water Carriage to that Place, in case the said Bill should pals, consequently the Advantage will be considerable to the Petitioners and others in the Town and Neighbourhood of Kettering: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Vo l.41.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, whole Nnmcs are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town.

Were fevefally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigation from the Junftiou of the River Soar, with the Loughborough, Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, to the Mouth of the River JVreak, and from thence in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester; and also, of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thringston Bridge, in the County of Leicester, aerols the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River navigable from thence to or near Lady's Briin this Parish of Margaret, or to or near West Bridge in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Limestone to the said Canal and’ Navigation; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that, in case a Navigation shall be established according -to the Plan proposed by the said Bills, Application will he made to the House, for an Act to extend such Navigation from the said Town of Melton Motvbray to the said Towns of Oakham, Uppingham, and Stamford; and that a navigable Communication between the several Places situate upon the Lines of Navigation proposed by the said Bills to be made, and the said Towns, would he of great Advantage to the said Towns, not only by extending and promoting their Trade and Commerce in general, and facilitating their Intercourse with other Trading Towns and Places, but particularly by reducing the present high Price of Coals in the said Towns and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bills may pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and other reputable Inhabitants residing in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House for removing the severe Restrictions imposed upon Hawkers and Pedlars last Session of Parliament; and that the Petitioners believe those People are honest and indufrrious, and fell their Goods upon as reasonable Terms as any other Traders, and their bringing them to the Petitioners House9 is of considerable Advantage, and the Petitioners are fully convinced that Travelling Retailers are of great Benefit to the Manufacturing Interest of this Kingdom in general, and of the County of Lancaster in particular, by their vending

7 Y great

Lou^li-

borough and Thringftone

BridsrP,

Canals.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Convicts, Felon*, See*

634 2j° Aprilis.-^.1786.

great Quantities of Goods, which otherwise would not be fold; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that unless the said Reiiri&ions are removed, those Dealers will l»e unable to carry on their Business with Safety, and that Competition will be taken away, which is of euential Service to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the House will take the said Bill into their serious Consideration, and repeal the Restrictions that are at present upon Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, " and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as reltrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and f further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Siukin r Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of e un<' the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1786.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Ditto,

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of

Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1786.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parlia- £. s. d. ment, on the 5th Day of April 1786, amounts to the Sum of 628,982 — 1

Exchequer, the 27th Day of April 1786.

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Under Sheriff of the County of York, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,' pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Persons convicted, within the County of York, of any Offences, and who have been, in consequence thereof, sent on Board the Hulks on the River Thames, or on Board any other Hulk, or Prison Ship, in any other Place, or confined in any Prison within this Kingdom, since the iff of January 1775; specifying the Offence and Time for which such Persons w ere sentenced to be transported or imprilbned respectively: And also,

A Lift of the Persons who have been convicted of Offences committed in the East Riding of the County of York since the iff of January 1775, and have been confined in Gaol, sent on Board the Hulks, or transported, for the same: And also,

A Lift of the Names of the Persons who have been convicted of Felonies at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the North Riding of the County of York, since the First Day of January 1775: And also,

An Account of the Persons convicted at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the West Riding of the County of York, who have been sentenced to be sent on Board the Hulks on the River Thames, or transported, since the lft of

1775? and the Time for which such Persons were transported or imprisoned respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Me.ni ers of the House.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Exporting Dealers in Wool, on Behalf of themselves and others residing in the Counties of Wilts, Devon, Cornwall, Gloucester, Somerset, Hants, Norfolk, Essex,

Kent, Surrey, the City of London, and County of Middlesex, the Counties of Lancaster, Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, from the most substantial Evidence, it appears to the Petitioners that large Quantities of British Wool are, notwithstanding the present Prohibitory Laws, conveyed out of this Kingdom to France, and other Foreign Countries, which Practice prevails in a considerable and alarming Pegree, thereby promoting and increasing Foreign Manufactures, to the great Injury and probable Ruin of those of this Country: And therefore praying, That the House will take this important Subjeck into their immediate Consideration, and provide and enact such new Laws

as

Duties on Tobacco.

Tbrngftone

Bfid0cCanal.

L>ngh-b> trough CatiaJ.

Perfumery, Hair Dowde1, &c.

26 Geo. III. 270 — 38° 635

as may effectually secure to the British Manufacturer therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by the sole Use of this native and valuable Commodity. Persons uttering or vending the same: And the same was Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the received; and read the Firit Time.

Table. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing the said Act, and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next, the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Caned Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or neeur to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal emd Limeltone to the said Cernal and Navigation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 9 th Day of next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, for reading a Second Time, upon Tuesday next, the Bill for making a Navigation from the Junction of the River Soar with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garre/Uon, to the Mouth of the River Wreak,

and from thence, in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 1 ith Day of May next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certaip Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Public a Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annu, ties. Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Aprilis;

Anno 26* Georgii 1H, U Regis, 178C.

Prayers.

MR. Mundy presented to the House, according to Chesterfield Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads> of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry Peyton presented to the House, according Cambridge to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Small Debts, of Small Debts within the Town of Cambridge, and the Hundreds of Chesterton, Fiendish, Staine, Northstow,

South or Longstow, Papworth, Wether ley, Armingford,

Triplow, Whittlesford, Chilford, Staplow, Chevely, and Radfield, in the County of CambridgeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Sir William Cham- somerset bers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at House. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the farther Total Expence of completing the Buildings at Somerset House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate w as read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 41.

Ordered,

Googh

6 36

28° Apr ills.

J. 178

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Rauffgatt The House being informed that Mr. Turner, from the Port- Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels entered Inwards and Outwards to and from the Port of Ramsgate, from the lft of January 1780 until the 31st of December 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was Bead.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Blackfriars Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, ac-Bndge. cording to Order, a Bill for laying a ToU upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or near The Circus in Georges Fields, in

the County of Surrey, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Weston upon Mr. tywuju prefenfod to the Hpufe, according to Trent Inclo- ortjer> a Bill for dividing and inclosiqg thp several Opeq Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftqres, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within thp ^qriib of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tfiat thp $i|l bp rpad a Second Time.

St. Nicholas A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Gloucetten principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Sa'int Nicholas, in the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, of late, from, Year to Year, t,he Inhabitants of the said Parish have been at great Charges in repairing the said Church, and in particular, from the Month of July 1783 to June following, they expended in such Repairs the Sum of 149/. 65. 11;

and that, not, withstanding such Expence, they observed their Church to get so much more out of Repair, as to excite the Alarm of falling, and, on the 27th of February last, an Order of Vestry was made for its being surveyed by Five of the ablest Architects; and that, on the 8th Day of March last, and not before, Four of the said Architects made their Report, that the Church was in lb ruinous a State as to be imprudent to attempt further repairing, and recommended building a new Church, and, to the Enquiries of the Parishioners, informed them they could not warrant its standing a Month, on which the Parishioners removed their Effects out of the Church, and no Service hath been attempted there since, nor could the Petitioners present any Petition to the House within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to preleut a Petition, as desired by the said Minister, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Gloucester.

Then a Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Gloucester, and of others the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas is an ancient Building, projecting out of the Line into the Street, and, from the Failure of its Foundation, and the rife of the Ground, its Floor is Five Feet 06

and upwards below the Street; and that, on the Erection of Spouts and Gutters round the said Church, irt pursuance of the Act of the Twenty-first of His. present Majesty, for regulating the Streets of the City of Gloucester, it was neglected to make Drains from them into the Street Gutters, but the Waters thereby collected were led down and suffered to drain themselves into the Graves in the said Church, whereby its Foundation is become a Quagmire, and lets in such a Manner as to endanger its falling; and that there being a Necessity for rebuilding the Church, it is thought most eligible to erect it on a new Site within the Line of the Street:

And therefore praying for such Powers to effect so good and pious a Work as may be thought right by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Webb, the Earl of Surrey,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers resident in the Bo- Hawkers* rough of Helston, in the County of Cornwall, was pre- Pedlars, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are heavily burthened with Taxes, particularly that imposed' on Retail Shops; and that the great.

Number of Hawkers and Pedlars who resort to the said Borough (and, under the Pretence of felling cheap, vend such damaged and bad Goods as it would be impossible for a resident Shopkeeper, who has his Credit at Stake, to fell) are very prejudicial to the Petitioners, by taking from it its ready Money, by which Means the Petitioners are obliged to give such long Credit as must ultimately end in the Ruin of themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is brought into the House, praying a Repeal of the 9th and 11th Clauses of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of Hawkers and Pedlars, a Repeal of which Clauses will put the Hawkers and Pedlars on the same Footing as before the passing of the said Act, by which Means they (having no Parochial or other Taxes, or House Rent to pay, except for their Licences) will have a great Advantage over the fair resident Tradesmen, and greatly injure them and their Families; and that the Justices of the Peace of the County of Cornwall were so fully fenftble of the Inutility of those Itinerants, and the Harm they did to the fair Trader, that, at the last Michaelmas Sessions, they prohibited them from vending their Wares in the said County, by virtue of the Power vested in them by the said 11th Clause; and that the Petitioners have not the least Doubt but the Revenue of this Kingdom is much injured by the great Quantities of smuggled Goods, such as Mullins, Cambricks, Ir sh Linens, French Laces, and India Goods, which find a ready Sale by means of these Itinerants, and, therefore, hope, That the House, taking into their serious Consideration the Subject of this Petition, and the great Difedvantages the Petitioners will labour under in case the said Clauses should be repealed, will continue the same in full Effect.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars

from

26 Geo. III.

from vending their Goods within the (kme, (uid for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Criminals in The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Scotland. Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for more effectual disarming the " Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called,

" and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of " that Part of the Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to act'effing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland towards defraying the Expence of prosecuting Criminals.

Ringhtering Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Horses* for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the Purpose of ilaughtering Horses: And that Mr. Mean-waring and Mr. Parry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lartnn An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Waitrf.de of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present 08 Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Barton Waterside House to " Riseham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said Town of Caistor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Comer, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Bar and

Bigby Bar, in the said Town, and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said Town of Caistor.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fciftnl Bridge The House being informed that several material Altera-treets. ^ons are necessary to be made in the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto,

and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River within the said (City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City; which Bill was, upon Friday the 3d Day of March last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed; and that the said Alterations cannot be inserted or made therein, so as to correspond with the present Provisions of the said Bill, in the Form in which the same is now drawn;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Brichdale and Mr. Cmger do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Vol. 41.

Mr. Brichdale presented to the House, according to BriftoiBridg* Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an and Streets. Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from ' the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn* House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers New Malton of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Road, present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign* of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Galway reported from the Committee, to York to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Kexby enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Br‘dSe Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grim-ston-Smthy to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston-Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants within The Clink, or The Clin|t Bishop of Winchester's, Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Paving, Ac. Saviour, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within The Clink, or Bishop of Winchesters Liberty, in die Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Ally called Frying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, and also Foul Lane, leading from the High Street in the said Borough towards the said Parish Church and the public Market, and for

7 Z making

a8° Aprilis- 1786.

tanking a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to The Bank Side, in the said Liberty; and Setting forth, That a Lane within the said Liberty, called Maid Lane, leading from Park Street towards Blac is at the Entrance next Park Street very narrow, and the Houses on the South Side thereof, and in Globe Alley close behind them, are very ruinous and dangdtous to Passengers, and that, in order to make the Entrance of the said Lane safe and commodious, it wilt be necessary to take off Part of the Coal Yard, and Part of the Warehouses, belonging to Messieurs Barclay and Perkins, and to take down the Houses on the South Side of the said Lane as far as the Royal Oak Alehouse, inclusive, in order to set them back a proper Difiance, and to take down all the Houses in Globe Alley, and to (hut up the said Alley; and that a Carriage Way, from the Middle of the said Lane, called Maid Lane, to the Street called Bank Side, would be of great public Utility, and, in order to make the fame, it is necessary to take in Part of a vacant Piece of Ground, called the The Pond Yard, and to take down Two ruinous Timber Houses on The Bank Side; and that there is in Clink Street, within the said Liberty, a Stairs or Plying Place for Watermen, called Saint Mary Overies Stairs, at the End of a long, dark, incommodious Passage, which Stairs are very little used, except for the Landing of Smuggled Goods in the Night, and the Avenues thereto , are become lurking Places for Thieves and Robbers, and are otherwayd a great Nuisance, which might be prevented, if Power was given to (hut up the said Passage in the Night Time: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for the above Purposes in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, ice.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Admiralty Ordered, That the Plan, laid before the Lords Cotn-

Office. mifiibners of the Admiralty, for erecting a new Building adjoining to the Office of Admiralty, be laid before this House.

Duties on Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

Tobacco. a Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing " the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coal Trade. Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the Coal Merchants, Wharfingers, and Lightermen, resident within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and between Tower Dock and Limekouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition; and had directed him, to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; via.

To prove the Allegations of the said last mentioned Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals,

" sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London,

" and the Liberties thereof, and between Dock

" and Limekouse Hole, in the County of

and also an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the before-mentioned Act, were read: And

Mr. John Edington, a Coal Merchant being examined, find, That the said tirft-mentioned Act is in several Re-spefts defective, by Reason whereof great Frauds and Abuses have arisen in the Admeasurement of Coals, which might be prevented, and the Public greatly benefited, if the said Act was amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Mr. Gregory French, a Coal Merchant, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limekouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Watkin Lewes,

Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, and Mr. Alderman Newnham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Duties ua Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing S®11the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey,

" Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing " the Use of foul Salt for Manure only; for allowing " a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom " Salts; for restraining Fill) Curers from being Dealers in " Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from " the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on " Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been " guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the " Duties on Salt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said Act; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the of Alan,

" and for the more easy supply of the Inhabitants there " with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal,

" and Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this Session,

" to be transported to the said Island." as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man, Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Doty whatlo-ever: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Refined ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sugar-House, to considerof the Exportation of British refined Sugar to the Isle of Man.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Civil List. Order,

A particular Account of the Disbursements of the Civil List, for the Years 1784 and 1785; distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

A PARTICULAR

*6 Geo. Ill

a8° Jpritis.

6i9

A PARTICULAR ACCOUNT of the Disbursements of the Civil list, for the Years 1784 CivilLbL

and 1785; distinguistring each Year.

In the Year ended

FIRST CLASS.

5th of January 1785.

5th of January 1786.

The Pensiona and Allowances to the Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Her Majesty the Queen -

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -The Prinees Frederick, William, Edward, Ernest, Augustus, and

Adolphus -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -Her Royal Highoels the Prince!* Amelia -

£ * i £ rf.

6o,qoo — — 60,000

50,000 50,000

50,000 50,000 — —

11,000 11,000

9,000 — — 9,000

12,000 12,000

192,000 192,000 —

SECOND CLASS.

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper, or Lords Coraraiffionera of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and Justica* of the Courts of Great Session. in the Principality of Wales.

The Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal The Speaker of the House of Commons, 5/. a Day -Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench -

One of the Justices of Ditto....

Another ——

Another -

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas - -

Ditto, Additional Salary -

One of the Justices of laid Court -

Another -

Another -

Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer -One of the Barons of the iaidCwrt -

Another -

Another -

Chief Justice of Chestor ——

Second Justke of Ditto

Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor -

Second Justice of Ditto ——

Chief Justice of Caenmaxtben, Pembroke, and Cardigan -

Second Justice of Ditto ....

Chief Justice of Caernarvon, Merioneth, apd Anglesey -Second Justice of Ditto -

THIRD CLASS.

£ d.

5.000 -

1,565 -

4.000 — - —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

2.000 -- T —

1.000 -

1.500 — —

1.500 _----

1.500 -

2,000 — —

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1.500 -

730 — —

500 -

400 —

400-----

400-----

400-----

400 — — 400----

32,695-----

£ s- £

5.000 -

1,825-----

4.000 — —

1.500 — —

1.500 -

»,50? — —

2.000 — - -T-

1.000 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

2,000 -

1.500 — - —

1.500 -

1.500 -

730-----

500-----

400 . —

400-----

400 — —

400-----

400-----

400-----

32,955 — —

The Salaries of the Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at

the fed Courts.

FRANCE.

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 100l. a Week -To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Secretary to the EmbaiTy, 40s. a Day -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

To Ditto as Plenipotentiary, on 3/. a Day, 167 Days, from the 10th of July 1785 to the 23d of December following -

Vo l.41.

£ s. d. 5,®28 11 41

1,600-----

794 -

433 6 8

£. s* d*

5,214 5 1,600 -

730-----

400-----

501-----

Commissary

Civil List.

a8° j4prilis>

Commissary to treat with those appointed by the Molt Christian King, relative to Matters of Commerce, 31- & Day, from the 27th of

May 1784, 223 Days - _ -....

Secretary to said Commissary, Ditto -

To David Hartley, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary -To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

<C*

66g -446 — 1,710 — 300 —

Secretary to said Plenipotentiary -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, on 10/. a Day, from the 9th of December 1785, 28 Days -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries, Ditto -

lb —

d.

SPAIN:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 100l. a Week -To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Secretary to Embafiy, 40 s. a Day - -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

One other Secretary -

To Ditto, as Minister Plenipotentiary, 3/. a Day -Commissary to his said Majesty, on 5 /. a Day -Secretary to Ditto -

5,228 11 44.

1,600-----

732 -

400-----

1,132-----

1,098-----

PORTUGAL:

Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8/. a Day Tor Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

TURIN: Envoy Extraordinary, 5 /. a Day To Ditto, for Extraordinaries

2,928-----

300-----

1,830-----

400-----

Vice Consul

NICE:

NAPLES:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8/. a Day -To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

FLORENCE:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaiy, 8/. a Day -To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

VENICE:

Resident, 3 /. a Day -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

SWISS CANTONS:

Charge des Affaires - -

CONSTANTINOPLE:

Ambassador, 3/. a Day - - - - -

HOLLAND:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 10/. a Day, from the

29th June 1784 ——

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

Deputy Conservator at Campveere -

VIENNA:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 87. a Day -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

2,928-----

400 — —

2,928-----

400 — —

1,098-----

400-----

250-----

1,098-----

1,900 — — 826 7 5}

.. T

120 — - —

2,928 -

600 -

BRUSSELLS: Minister Plenipotentiary, 5 /. a Day To Ditto, for Extraordinaries

RUSSIA:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

1,830-----

400----

2,928 -

600-----

BERLIN:

Envoy Extraordinary, 5 I.a Day, to 14th July 1785 To Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, on 8 /. a Day, from August 1785 - -

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

3d of

1,830

400

A. 1786.

£ * d.

1,095 -

730 — —

280 — — 128 14 8

5,214 5 8

1,600 -

730 — _

400-----

1,130-----

1,095-----

L795 -

359 -

2,920-----

300-----

1,825-----

400-----

340-----

2,920-----

400-----

2,920-----

400-----

1,095-----

400-----

250-----

1,095-----

3,650-----

1,600 — —

120-----

2,920-----

600-----

1,825-----

400-----

2,920-----

600-----

g5o-----

209 18 —

1,248 ---

169 4 —

SWEDEN;

26 Geo. III. 28° Ap. 641

SWEDEN: £. s. d. £

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, 5 /. a Day - - - - 1,830 1,825

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries 400 4«o

DENMARK:

Envoy Extraordinary at Copenhagen, 5 /. a Day - 1,830 i,39°

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, on 8/. a Day, from loth of October 1785 ------ 696 - —

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries ----- 400 400 ‘

POLAND:

Minister at Warsaw, 3 /. a Day - 1,098 1,095

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - 400 400

DRESDEN:

Envoy Extraordinary, 5 /. a Day ----- 1,830 1,825

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries 400 400

Charg£ des Affaires, to the 27th of May 1784 286

HANSE TOWNS:

Minister, 3/. a Day - -- 1,098 1,095

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - 300 300

ELECTOR PALATINE:

Minister at Ratilbon, 3 /. a Day - 1,098 1,095

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - 300 300

ELECTOR OF COLOGNE:

Minister, 3 /. a Day - - - . 1,098 1,095

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries 300 300

Minister to the Landgrave of Hesse, from 5th February 1784 365 18 8 400

Ambassador to the Emperor of Morocco and Dey of Algiers, to the 12th of January 1784 Consul at Madrid - 35 1,000 1,000

Consul at Cadiz ---- -- 200 200

Consul at Carthagena ----- 300 300

Consul at Corunna, Galitia - 250 250 — —

Consul at Naples - -- 400 400 — —

Consul at Genoa - - 250 250 —

Consul General at Morocco 800 800

Consul at Tunis ------ 500 500

Consul at Tripoly - 380 380

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries ----- 250 — — 250

Consul at Algiers 598 9 — t 600

To Ditto, for Extraordinaries - 478 13 4 485 11 6

Consul at Ofteud, Newport, and Bruges ---- 200 200

Consul at Trieste - -- 120 120

Consul at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica, from the 14th of February 1784 178 — 51 200

Consul General to America, from 10th of October 1784 - 250 1,000 — —

Consul General to Grand Cairo, from 12th of September 1785 - - — 112 15 ii

£ 70,332 18 5 75,543 14 7*

FOURTH CLASS: The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty’s Service.

Bills within the Lord Chamberlain’s Department - 48,966 10 8* 38,778 17 —

Ditto within the Department of the Lord Steward - - - 51,056 15 — I 49,523 18 8

Ditto - - - of the Master of the Horse - 23,552 16 4 22,162 — 8

Ditto of the Master of the Robes - 1,850 6 1 2,206 1 6

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer ---- M53 6 9 6,957 10 3* 1,482 17 9

The Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer ---- 6,900

Printers Bills - - - - 10,369 8 4 11,469 18 —

Bills of Prince Frederick, and the other Princes - 3,224 6,118 2 8

M7,i30 13 6} 138,641 16 3

Vol. 41.

8 A FIFTH

Civil List.

Civil List.

28* Aprilis.

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majestyls Household:

The Lord Chamberlain at the Exchequer ... Salaries in his Office ....

The Lord Steward at the Exchequer ..

Salaries in his Office -

Salaries in the Office of Matter of the Horse ... Salaries in the Office of Matter of the Robes -

Vice Chamberlain at the Exchequer Groom of the Stole, at Ditto ....

The Lords of the Bedchamber, Ditto -The Grooms of Ditto - - Ditto -

Apothecary to His Majesty - Ditto ..

Ditto - to the Houshold - Ditto -

SIXTH CLASS

The Pertfion Lifts ....

Compensation to sundry Persons whose Offices have been sup-p refled, &c. -

.SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries of all other Persons payable out of the Civil List

Revenues.

Sir John Hynd Cotton -

-Viear of the Tower - ..

-Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate - -

Ditto of St John the Baptist - -

Schoolmaster of Southwell -

University of Oxford,-for-a Preacher - -

University of Cambridge -

-Ditto, for a Preacher -

Doan and Chapter of Litchfield....

Poor of'-St. Michael, Cornhill -Professor of Divinity at Oxford -

Ditto at Cambridge t ~ ~

Vicar of Litchfield -

Emanuel College, Cambridge ....

Poor of St. Magnus -

Matter of the Temple -

-Professor of Law ,at Cambridge -

Ditto - of Phytic at Ditto -

Ditto - of Law at Oxford -

Ditto - of Phytic at Ditto -

Corporation of Dartmouth -

-Preaehetat Hampton Court -

Fellows of Eton College -

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - -

Ministers of the Savoy - -

Ministers of the Isle of Man - -

Professor of Botany at Cambridge -

Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Jieirs of Colonel Fairfax -

Ditto of Nicholas Yates -

Corporation of Berwick -

Bishop of Chester, for Preachers - -

Professor of Astronomy -....

Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital -

Professor of History at Oxford -

Ditto - - - at Cambridge -

-Chancellor of the Garter -

Ope of His Majesties Secretaries of State ... Another -

' President of the Council - -

Keeper of the Privy Seal, 51.a Day, and 1,175/. per Annum

3<oooo -

.24.069 19 — L540 -

25.118 3 5 »2,800 ,1.5 7

1,080-----

,600 -- —

2,000 -

12,000 -

6,344 7 1 i£i

145-----

53 6 8

88,72-1 ‘12 71

t

113,509 a t8|| 18,674 14 8

132,1 &3 47 t4i\

3.000 — —

24, P69 49 -r-

2i

12,747 44 <4

1,080-----

600-----

2.000 -

.12,000----

6,500----

U5 — — 53 6 8

891799

.10,7,404 J3 4 18,353 3 n

M , 1 — 1 PIW '

4 25,757 :*7 3

4,000-----

2,094 9 6

£ s. £ 4- 4

5 <5 8 5 6 8

6 13 4 0 ,13 ,4

7 — — ,7 ,-rr- —

7 13 A .7 13 ,4

10 rrr- . .1° r-r- -

.10 — — tV> TT-

10 — — il° TTT-

.10 WT7- ,-T- ,10 r~T"

.10 — — tio rrr- 1 —

.12 4 — (1.2 *4 T —

13 6 8, 6 ^8

13 6 8 it3 6 3 8

15 . T — —

16 13 4 .16 ;i3 A

21 4 8 i?* 4 ,8

37 6 8 37 ,6 8

-40 — — 4f> *-p" —

40 rr- — ,40 rr* *"*

.40 rrr- ,40 ,r — —

40 — 40 — —

40 — — 40 — — *

40 — — 40 — —

42 — — 42 - —

50 — 50 — —

Co — . 60 — —

IPO 100 — . —

100 — 100 . —

100 — 100 — —

100 — — iqo — t —

100 100 — 100 100 XT" .

200 . — 200 .-r- , r —

320 r 320 T —

370 10 - 370 ,10 T '1

400 — — .400 .-7 — . —

400 — . — 4P° v —

570 5 — 570 5 — t

,680 — — 5,68o — —

,680 — — 5,680 — — *

4.000 -

3.000 — — Governor

-Geo. Ill

2S?4#rily.

Governor of Windsor Cattle, 10*. a Day - -

Constable of Dover Cattle -....

11 Mailers in Chancery, i po/. each....

Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent....

Ditto------ South of Trent -

Attorney General -

Solicitor General ....

Advocate General -

King’s Counsel .....-

King’s Prime Serjeant ——

Attorney General attending the late Board of Trade - -

Solicitor General ----- Ditto -

Clerks of the Council - - - - ' Ditto....

Keepers of the Council Chamber Ditto -

4 Clerks of the Council....

Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Matter of the Ceremonies, in lieu of Bills -

Ditto, ---- on his Allowance - -

Assistant Matter -

Marttial of Ditto -

Genealogitt of the Order of the Bath -

Bath King at Arms.....-

Secretary to the Order of the Bath -

Register of Ditto -

Gentleman Usher of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger of Ditto -

King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arras -

His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms, Nine, at 5 s. 6d. a Day each -Matter General of the Ordnance -

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance - -

Surveyor General of Ditto, .2 s.a Day....

Clerk to the Board of Ordpapce, 2 a; Day -Storekeeper of the Ordnance, 3 s.a Day - - - - -Clerk of the Deliveries, 1 s.a Day -

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Warden of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of the Hqufe Park at Hampton Court, 62/. per Annum, and

8 d.a Day.....-

Ranger of Saint James’s and Hyde Parks, 1,154/. 15s. per Annum, and 12s. 6d. a Day - - 1 -

Keeper of the House Park, at Windsor - -

Constable of Dean Forest -

Warden of Waltham Forest -

Riding Forester in New Forest -

Ranger of Richmond Park, 6$. a Day....

Underkeepers of Ditto -

Out Ranger of WJindlbr Forest -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower - -

Keeper of the Council Records Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Keeper of the Records of forfeited Estates - -

Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Housekeeper at Westminster, 6d.a Day....

Keeper of the Dons in the Tower, 12 a Day - -

Keeper of the Tennis Court, 120/. a Year, and Sd. a. Day

Under Keepers of Cranborne Chace....

Rant ;er of Salcey Forest -

22 Clerks of the Treasury, 100l. per Annum each -

Sorter of Books in the Treasury - ....

Messengers for carrying Letters....

Ranger of Books in the Treasury -

Keeper of the Rooms at Whitehall.....-

Housekeeper at the Treasury -

One of the Solicitors to the Treasury....

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks -

One of the Digesters of Records at Whitehall -

Two others -

Knight Harbinger, 20 Marks a Year, and 10 s. a Day -

Latin Secretary - -

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Surveyor of Woods ——

One of the Auditors of the Impretts -

Another - ....

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenues ----- Vot- 41.

£ s. d.

183 — —

4,100 — —

1,100 — —

1,666 *3 4

3,466 13 4

' 3i 6 S

70 ~ — —

to — —

520 ' — —

41 6 10

>15 10 —

"5 10 —

400 —

'73 — —

1,000 — —

9i 10 —

100 4 — - —

200 — —

122 — —

100 — —

100 — —

90 — —

90 — —

90 — —

90 — —

40 — —

513 6 8

905 17 —

>75 18 4

66 *3 4

36 12 —

36 12 —

54 18 —

18 6 —

40 — —

587 9 nf

74 4 —

1,383 10 —

1,000 —

210 — —

270 — —

500 — —

IO9 16 —

69 ‘ — —

9°° — —

500 — —

5°o — —

160 — —

200 — —

300 — —

9 3 —

228 15 —

132 4 —

20 — —

40 — —

2,200 — —

400 — —

300 — —

' 40 — —

40 — —

70 — —

'200 — —

156 — —

hoo — . —

' 800 — — >

196 6 8

280 — —

1,000 — —

100 — —

66 13 4

66 13 4

’loo —

c $ d.

182 10 —

4,*0o —

I, TOO —

1,666 *3 4

*3,466 13 4

f8i 6 8

'70 —

20 — —

480 — —

’4i 6 10

i>5 tt>

’115 TO —

r40*o — —

' 73 — —

1,000 — —

9' 5

100 -j- —

200 — —

121 13 4

100 —

100 — »

90 — —

90 — —

'90 —

90 —: —

40 — —

5*3 6 8

93 7 6

175 18 4

66 13 f 4

36 10 J-

36 10 —

4 15 —

18 5 —

40 - —

N OO 9 1i

74 3 4

1,382 17 6

1,000 — —

210 — —

270 —

500 — - —

109 10 —

69 — —

900 — —

500 — —

500 — —

160 — —

200 — —

300 — —

9 2 6

228 2 6

132 3 4

20 — *

40 — —

2,200 — —

400 — —

300 —; —

40 — 1 ’ —

40 — —

80 —

'200 — ’ 1 —

150 —

50 — > —

800 —

" ^95 16 8

280 / —

1,000 —

100 — —

33 6 8

33 6 8

100 —

Another

Civil List.

644

28° Aprilis.

A. 1786.

Another Auditor of die Land Revenues -

Another -.....-

Matter of the Hawks -

Examiner of Plays ——

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod ‘ -....

Mailer of Mechanics - ....

Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons -

Additional Allowance -

Clerk of the House of Commons -

Messenger of the Prese -

Engraver of Seals ....

Auditor of the Exchequer, for Attendance in Vacations Ditto - - - on his Fee - -

Clerk of the Pells -

Ditto ——

For extra Business in the Auditor’s Office -

Register of Loans . ....

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

Ditto, for sorting Records - ....

Ditto, for said Service....

Senior Teller of the Exchequer....

Three other Tellers -

Auditors Clerks in the Tally Court

Clerk of the Pells in the Tally Court -

Two Chamberlains in the Exchequer -

Four Messengers of the Exchequer - -

Ditto on their Termly and Vacation Fees -----.Two Grooms of the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Chamber - -....

Porter of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer on their Latin Order -Ulher of the Exchequer

Cursitor Baron in the Court of Exchequer -

Ditto ----- more -

Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer.

Clerk of the Pipe - -

Comptroller of the Pipe -

Secondaries in laid Office -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in said Office -

Second Secondary in Ditto -

Clerks in said Office -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer, for linking Tallies Two others, for joining Tallies -

King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer....

Clerk of the Nichills -

Clerks in the Pipe Office, payable every Second Year King’s Remembrancer -

Clerks in laid Office -

Secondaries in said Office -

Clerk of the Pleas ——

Clerks in laid Office ——

Clerk of the Foreign Ellreats -

The Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -Ulher of the Exchequer, for the Pay of Watchmen -

Office Keeper of the Treasury, for Necessaries, &c. -

Ranger of Windsor Forest, for holding Swanimote Courts -Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road -

Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring....

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Pier - -

Under Clerks of the Council, for attending Matters of Trade Keeper of the Lords Journals, and for House Rent -

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expences of that Office -Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Salaries payable in me Office of Lord Chamberlain -Secretary to the Commissioners for the Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, on 1,5001, per Annum, from 24th August 1784, inclusive -

Under Secretary to Ditto, 600l. per Annum, Ditto -

Solicitor - - - - to Ditto, 6001, per Annum, Ditto -

One Chief Clerk to Ditto, 400 /. per Annum, Ditto - -

One Clerk - - - to Ditto, 3001, per Annum, Ditto -

£ s. d. s. <L

400 400 —

300 300

.372 10 — L372 10 —

400 — — 400 —

200 — — 200 — —

150 — — '50 — —

200 — — 200 —

400 — — 400 — —

10 — — 10 —

60 — — 60 —

50 — — 50 —

200 — — 200 —

260 3 4 260 3 4

195 8 4 i95 8 4

172 6 8 172 6 8

100 — — 100 — —

50 — — 50 — —

40 — — 40 — —

90° — — 9°° — —

80 — — 80 — —

33 6 8 33 6 8

95 — — 95 — —

56 10 — 56 10 —

5 — — 5 — —

104 6 8 104 6 8

27 «w / 4 27 7 4

208 0 — — 208 O — —

1 9l — — 9° 16 8

20 — — 20 — —

35 — — 35 — —

6 l3 4 6 13 4

163 6 8 163 6 8

100 — — 100 — —

150 — — 150 — —

107 4 2 107 4 2

40 — — 40 — —

20 — — 20 — —

64 2 1 64 2 1

9 — — 9 — —

26 13 4 26 13 4

11 5 — 11 5 —

20 — — 20 — —

10 — — 10 — —

50 — — 50 — —

20 — — 20 — —

40 — — 40 — —

20 — — 20 — —

4 11 8 4 11 8

55 17 4 55 17 4

7 8 13 4 7 8 13 4

5 1 10 5 1 10

96 '3 4 6,000 -

439 4 —

480-----

40-----

65-----

200 ——

100 ——

300-----

338 10 — 2,000----

73-----

10,100 18 3

560 11 4

224 4 6J 224 4 6| 149 9 8f 112 2 3

96 13 4

6.000 — 1 —

438 -

480 — —

40-----

200-----

100 — —

300-----

230 5 6

2.000 -

73-----

10,100 18 3

1,500-----

600----

600----

400----

300 — —

One

41*

26 Geo. Ill

2 8° Jprilts.

One Ditto - - to Ditto, 150/. per Annuo) each, Ditto -

Two Ditto - - to Ditto, 80/. per Annum - - Ditto -

Accomptant - to Ditto, 130 per Annum, - - Ditto*

Office Keeper - to Ditto, 48/. per Annum, - - Ditto -

Necefiaiy Woman to Ditto, 48/. per Annum, - - Ditto-Three Messengers to Ditto, 561, per Annum each, Ditto -

64$

£. s. d £. s. d.

56 1 150

59 15 iof 160

48 11 7* 130

17 18 9 48

17 18 9 .48

56 1 1$ 150 — ' —

79D50 9 8* 82,187 13 5

EIGHTH CLASS:

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury -

First Commissioner -

Chancellor of the Exchequer - - - - -'

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -

Extra Extraordinaries to Ditto -

For the Poor of the City of London -

For the French Protestant Clergy -

- - - Ditto - - - Laity - - .

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches, &c.

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. -

Lord Chamberlain, for Gate Alms and Maundy - -

Ministers, to defray the Expences of their Passages to the Plantations -To the Protestant Difienting Ministers in England ..

- - - - Ditto ----- in Ireland -For the Relief of certain French Protestants -

Prefen ts to Foreign Ministers -

Foreign Secret Service ——

Home Secret Service ——

Special and Contingent Services -

Law Charges -

To His Majesty’s Messengers, to enable them to perform Foreign Joumies -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -

Ditto, - for Over-payments on their Accounts -

Riding Charges, &c. to the Messengers of the Exchequer -

Rent of the Privy Seal Office -

Ditto of the Secretary of State's Office -

Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury - -

- - Ditto - - - for Kensington Palace and Gardens Ground Rent of Cumberland House

Rent of Mote Park ——

Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Officers of the House of Lords and Commons -

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -

Expences in Windsor Great Park -

Remembrancer of the City of London, for Itnpost on Wines -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplufege on his Account Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court ——

Sir Sampson ffright, for an Horse Patrol -

c

£. s. d.

8,000-----

4,022----

1,800 -

13,822------

A. *

£ * d-1,800 *-----

1,448----

1.000 -

1,718 4 — 6,872 16 — 1,845 10 4

qoo-----

1,119----

160-----

1,700----

goo-----

500-----

I, 639-----

27,006 1 8

3.000 -

38,102 19 1

8.000 -

12,256 17 —

II, 100----

3,132 1 9

2,582 19 4 215 10 —

311 10 — 52 14 —

150-----

316 18 6 323 10 —

1,658 3 5

2,656----

218 8 6 4,005 4 8|

98 14 — 414 13 7

732 19 —

2,590 4 —

140,427 18 io|

£. * d.

8,000 — —

4,022-----

1,800 -

13,822-----

£. s. d

200 T----->

1,401 15 9

1.000 -

1,718 4 — 6,872 16 — 1,845 10 4

900-----

1,119----

140 — —

1,700----

goo-----

500-----

769 17 — 31,878 10 6

7.000 -

34,785 5 1

12.000 -

10.000 — —

15,740 -

3,045 4 8 2,808 1 6 220 16 — 311 15 — 52 14 —

150-----

316 18 6 323 10 — 1,025 12 1

1,409----

218 8 6 4,024 7 6

359 »5 6* 213 12 6

2,913 19 6

147,764 13 nf

Vol. 41.

8 B ABSTRACT

646

aS° Apr

A. 178

ABSTRACT of the foregoing Account- X d- £ d.

First Class - 102,000 — — 192,000

Second Clafe ---- 32,695 — — 32,955

Third Clafe ---- 70,332 18 5 75,543 14 7

Fourth Clafe - - - - 147.130 13 6} 138,641 16 3

FifthClafi - - - 88,721 12 71 89,799 ~ 2*

Sixth Class - -- -- - 132,183 17 4* 125,757 17 3

Seventh Class ----- 79.150 9 8f 82,18713 5

Eighth Class 13,822 13,822 — —

Occasional Payments ---- 140,427 1-8 10* 147,764 13 nf

To cancel Exchequer Bills 50,000 — — 50,000

& 946,464 10 7 948,471 15 9

Memorandum:

This Account contains the Disbursements to which the Civil List is liable, of which several Articles yet remain unpaid; and where the exqCfc Charge cannot be ascertained, the same is estimated as nearly as possible.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into lundFifoenes. fortjjg,. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

4 And the House being informed that several other

Amendments ' are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly relieved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

American A Petition of the Agents for foe American Loyalists,

Loyalists. jn Behalf of themselves and their Constituents, being offered to be prefooted to the House;

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, by H'13 Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Subjects of the British Empire, are, in common with their Fellow Citizens, entitled to its Protection and Justice, and, by the

immutable Principles of natural-Equity, and the fundamental Laws of all Civil Societies, the Expences, Burthens, and Sacrifices, necessary to the common -Benefit and Safety, ought to be equally borne by all the Citizens in a just Proportion; and that the -Duties of Protection and Allegiance, which form and support the Union of Society, are reciprocal between the Sovereign and Sub-je&, and mutual Considerations for each other, and therefore, the Subject who fulfils hie Duty of Allegiance in Times of puklia Danger is certainly entitled to the Protection and Indemnity of the Sovereign Authority; and that in the Years 1764 and 1767, when a violent and riotous Opposition arose in America to the Sovereign Authority of Parliament, both Houses, by their Resolutions, declared, " that such Persons who had manifested " a Desire to comply wkh, or to assist in carrying into " Execution, any Acts of the Legislature relating to the " Colonies in North America, ought to have foil and " ample Compensation for any Injury or Damage sustained on that Account, and that l'uch Persons were " entitled to, and (houkl assurecHy have, the Protection " of Parliament;'’ and that, in 1775, when a dangerous Rebellion against the Sovereign Rights of the British Legislature had-broke Out in America, His Majesty, conceiving that the Aid of His Subjects would be necessary to reduce it, by His Proclamation called ou all for their Assistance, and, that none might neglect or violate their Duty through Ignorance thereof. His Majesty further declared, " that all His faithful Subjects were bound by " Law to be aiding and afoiting in foppreifing the Rebellion, and that there could be no Doubt of tire " Protection which the Law would afford to their " Loyalty end Zeal;" and that foe Petitioners, in dutiful Obedience to the Call of their Sovereign, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and relying on the Justice and Protection held-up before them, have alone stepped forth, from the great Body of British Subjects, who were equally called on, and equally interested in the public Safety, and, in consequence of their loyal and zealous Exertions, have been deprived of their Fortunes by the Insurgents, and have, besides, encountered a Variety of the most imminent Dangers, and suffered extreme Distress, from which their Fellow Subjects have been entirely exempt, and for which no adequate Compensation can be made; and that, moreover, the Rights, Properties, and Professions, which the British Government, by the essential Laws of its Union, was bound 01 to

j* -

26 Geo. III.

28° Aprilis.

647

to proleft, regain, and restore to them, have been devoted and ceded by that Government to the American States, as the Purchase and Price of Peace for the whole Empire: Thus circumstanced, the Petitioners conceive, that they have, under the fundamental Laws of the British Constitution. the Resolutions of

it is impbffible for PKrfiamerit ever to grant them effec- American tual Relief, because many of them being deprived of LoyalUU. their whole Estates, and other Income, and at the same Time in Debt, they must necessarily expend the Sums so granted in the Discharge of those Debts, and in toe immediate Support of their fielpless Families, without

both Houses of Parliament, the Royal Faith pledged to having any Thing left which can enable them to settle them in His Majesty’s Proclamation, and under all the in Business, or to provide for their future Subsistence; Precedents of Parliamentary Justice on limilar and much and further, that nothing short of paying to those who Ids meritorious Occasions, not only an equitable, but a have loft Property the Sums found due to them under lawful Right to a just Compensation for their Rights, the Judicial Enquiry established by the Authority of Properties, and Professions, fb devoted to the National Parliament, or lawful Interest for the fame, and Life Peace and Safety, and nothing less than an equal Dif- Annuites to others, as their Cales may require, can ever tributkm of their Lodes thus incurred among their answer that jult and humane Purpose, or be confident Fellow Subjects, who are in the Enjoyment of the Bene- with the solemn A durances of Parliament, and the fits and Security so purchased at their Expence, can lie Faith of Majesty, pledged to them for their Protec-consistent with Law and Justice; and that in toe Year tion and Indemnity, or with the Principles of public 1783, sensible of toe Justice due to the Petitioners, Par-, Justice and the National Honour, but on the contrary, liament passed an Act appointing Commissioners to en- tooutd the House be pleased to grant the Justice here quire into their Lodes so fudained, for the Purpose suggested, those unfortunate Men will immediately of jnaking them due Compensation, and, the Com- emerge from their Distress, from idle they will be indus-

mtfiioners having investigated a ‘large Number of their Claims, have made several Reports thereof to the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, and toe Committee of the House on the National Finance have

triotis, from miserable they will become happy, and from useless and burthensome they will be made useful Members of Society; and while their Gratitude in particular for the Justice thus received shall bind their Fidelity

reported those Claims, among other just Demands on more firmly, if podible, than ever to the British Go-

the Public, for the Consideration of Parliament; and that the Petitioners, sensibly affected by toe poignant Didrefe of their Conditucnts, who have long fullered, and mud continue to differ, toould the Justice due to them be longer delayed, most humbly entreat the

vernment, this great Example of Parliamentary Justice cannot fail to diffuse its Influence over the whole Society, and ensure its Aid on all fnnilar Occasions: And therefore praying. That the House will devise a proper Mode of making Compensation to the Petitioners and their

House to consider, that Ten Years have elapsed since Conditututs, to that the said Compensation may attach they have sacrificed their Estates to their Confidence in on the Claims already liquidated, and progressively the Faith of Majesty, and the solemn Assurances of on others as they shall be liquidated and reported; and Parliament, and Three Years have passed away, since that in the mean Time Provision may be made for paying their whole Fortunes have been devoted by the State to the Claimants lawful Intered on their liquidated Claims, the public Peace and Safety; that thus unfortunately and Life Annuities to others, as their Cafes may require* reduced from independent Affluence to Poverty and by which Arrangement the Nation will be only gra-Want, many of them, who have fat down in toe Wilds dually burthened in proportion as the respective Claims of Canada and Nova Scotia, are incapable, through shall, from Time to Time, be liquidated, and that the the Want of Means, of improving their uncultivated Petitioners may be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of Farms, subsiding their Families, or of becoming useful toe House.

Members of Society; others who remained in Great Britain are wading the Prime of their Lives, and dragging out a miserable Exiltence, without being enabled to settle in any Kind of Business whatever, others, through Despair, have been driven into a State Of In-

Ordei'ed, That

Table.

the said Petition do lie upon toe

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of toe india Lid of all Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Papers to b« sanity, others have been atrested, imprisoned, and perished Civil and Military Establishments of the United East primed, in Gaol, others, not the least worthy, have died with India Company in The East Indies, with the Salaries, broken Hearts, and others, tired of their miserable or Pay or Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed

Exiltence, have put a violent End to their own Lives; and, that while the PetHionets thus faithfully represent toe distressed Circumstances of their Constituents to toe House, they recollect, with the ut-mod Gratitude, the Grant made in the last Session of Parliament in their Behalf, but, at the same Time, the Petitioners are called upon, by their Duty to their unfortunate Constituents, to afflire the House, that

or paid by the said Company in respect thereof, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February, in toe last Session of Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Lid be referred to the Con-dderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom toe several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire,

the Provision made in pursuance of the Vote of last

Year, has, by no Means, answered the just and be- late Governor Generaf of Bengal, are referred, nevolent intentions of Parliament, because a great

Number of them have been obliged to pay the Whole, The House was moved, That an Act, made in toe TOUII1B or greater Part, of the Sum received to their just Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ^Quebec

Government

Creditors in this Country, while some of them are prosecuted for Debts due to American Citizens, although their confiscated Property has been appropriated to the Payment thereof by the Legislatures of the American States, and by the Deductions lately made from their Allowances they are left to subsist upon a lese Annual Income than they had before; and that toe Petitioners trait, when the House shall attend to the unfortunate Circumstances of their Confutuents, they will rearfHy perceive, that by dealing out public Justice to them by Piecemeal, Vol. 41.

intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision " for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in " North America," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of July 1784, of the Petition of the ancient Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain redding in the Province of Quebec, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion' was made, and the Question being put,

That

648 28° Apr. A. 178

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ye. } 21.

So it passed in the Negative.

Charges Mr. Burke presented to the House several other

against Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, Mr. Halting*. against Warren HastingsEtquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

And the said Articles were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read; and are as followeth> viz.

Further Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren , Esquire,

late Governor General of Bengal.

N* 20.

Maratta War, and Peace.

I. That by an Act passed in 1773, it was expressly

ordered and provided, " that it should not be lawful for " any President and Council of , or

" Bencoolen, for the Time being, to make any Orders " for commencing Hostilities, or declaring or making " War, against any Indian Princes or Powers, or for " negociating or concluding any Treaty of Peace, or " other Treaty, with any such Indian Princes or Powers " without the Consent and Approbation of the Governor " General and Council first had and obtained, except " in such Cases of imminent Necessity as would render " it dangerous to pdftpone such Hostilities or Treaties " until the Orders from the Governor General and Council might arrive." — That nevertheless the President and Council of Bombay did, in December 1774, without the Consent and Approbation of the Governor General and Council of Fort William, and in the Midst of profound Peace, commence an unjust and unprovoked War against the Maratta Government; did conclude a Treaty with a certain Person, a Fugitive from that Government, and proscribed by it, named Ragonaut Row, or Ragoba-, and did, under various base and treacherous Pretences, invade and conquer the Island of

Salsette, belonging to the Maratta Government.

II. That Warren Hastings, oft the first Advices received in Bengal of the above Transactions, did condemn the same in the strongest Terms; declaring,

a May I7th5' that " the Measurrs adopted by the Presidency of Rep.com. of " Bombay had a Tendency to a very extensive and Secrecy, n»6». Indefinite Scene of Troubles; and that their CoilduCfc was unseasonable, impolitic, unjust, and unauthorized." — And the Governor General and Council, in order to put a Stop to the said unjust Hostilities, did appoint an Ambassador to the Peihwa, or Chief of the Maratta State, resident at Poonaand d° n° n6 Ambassador did, after a long Negociation,

javarcVi7;6. conclude a definitive Treaty of Peace with the said Pefhwa, on Terms highly honourable and beneficial to the East India Company, who, by the said Treaty, obtained from the Marattas a Cefiion of considerable Tracts of Country, the Maratta Share of the City of Broach, Twelve Lacks of Rupees for the Expences of the said unjust War, and particularly the Island of Salsette, of which the Presidency of Bombay had possessed themselves by Surprize and Treachery; that in Appendix» Return for thele extraordinary Concessions, the Arse Rep. Nost. tides principally infilled on by the Marattas, with a View to their own future Tranquillity and internal Quiet, were, that no Assistance should be given to any

Subject or Servant of the Ptshica that should cause Disturbances, or Rebellion, in the Maratta Dominions, and particularly, that the English should not assist Ragonaut Row, to whom the Marattas agreed to allow Five Lacks of Rupees a Year, or a Jaghire, to that Amount, and that he should reside.at Benares; that nevertheless, the Presidency of Botnbay did receive and keep Ragonaut Row at Bombay, did furnish him with a considerable Establishment, and continue to carry on secret Intrigues and Negotiations with him, thereby giving just Ground of Jealously and Distrust to the Maratta State: That the late Colonel John Upton, by whom the Treaty of Poorunder was negociated and concluded, did declare to the Governor General and Council, " That while Ra- d°, 31st jDiy " gonaut Razo reside6 at Bombay, in Expedition of *777-

" being supported, die Ministers can place no Confidence in the Council there; which inuft now be " productive of the greatest Inconveniencies, and perhaps, in die End, of fatal Consequences." That the said Warren Hastings, concurring with his Council, which then consisted of Sir John Clavering, Richard Barzoell, and Philip Francis, esquires, did, on the 18th of August 1777, declare to the Presidency of Bombay, d*. n*i*. that " he could fee no lteafon to doubt that the Presence of Ragoba at Bombay would continue to be " an insuperable Bar to the Completion of the Treaty " concluded with the Maratta Government, nor " could any sincere Cordiality and good Understanding be established with them, as long as he should " appear to derive Encouragement and Support from u the English." That Sir John Clavet'ing died toon

after, and that the late Edward Wheler, Esquire, luc-ceeded to a Seat in the Supreme Council. That, on the 29th of January 1778, the Governor General and Council received a Letter from the Presidency of Bombay, dated 12th December 1777, in which they declared, " That they had agreed to give Encouragement to a Party formed in s Favour, and

" flattered themselves they should meet with the " hearty Concurrence of the Governor General and " Council in the Measures they might be obliged t " pursue in Consequence." That the Party so described was said to consist of Four principal Peribns in the Maratta State, on whose Part some Overtures had been made to Mr. William Lewis, the Resident of Bombay, at Poona, for the Assistance of the Company to bring Ragoba to Poona. That the said Warren Hastings, immediately on the Receipt of the preceding n° *7. Advices, did propose, and carry it in Council, by *J Feb-Means of his casting Voice, and against the Remon-stratices. Arguments, and solemn Protest of Two Members of the Supreme Council, that the Sanction of that Government should be given to the Plan which the President and Council of Bombay had agreed to form with the Maratta Government; and also, that a Supply of Money (to the Amount of Ten Lacks of Rupees) should be immediately granted to the President and Council of Bombay for the Support of their Engagements above mentioned', and also, that a Military Force should be sent to the Presidency of Bombay. That in Defence of these llesolutions, the said Warren Hastings did falsely pretend and affirm,

" that the Resolution of the Presidency of Bombay N.

" was formed on such a same of imminent Necessity,

" as w'ould have rendered it dangerous to postpone " the Execution of it, until the Orders from the " Governor General and Council might arrive; and " that the said Presidency of Bombay were warranted, N* *7.

" by the Treaty of Poohtndar, to join in a Plan for " conducting Ragonaut Raw to Poona, on the Application of the ruling Part of the Maratta State-whereas the main ObjeCfc of the said Treaty, on the Part of the Marattas, and to obtain which they made many important Concessions to the Indian Company,

was

16 Geo. III. 28° Aprilis. 649

was, that the English should withdraw their Forces, and give no Assistance to , and that he should be

excluded for ever from any Share in their Government, VjftjjMr. being a Perl'on universally held in Abhorrence in the Maratta Empire; and if it had been true (instead of being, as it was, notoriously false) that the ruling Part ,7°' of the Administration of the Maratta State, solicited the Return of Ragonaut Row to , his Return, in

that Cale, might have been effected by Acts of their own, without the Interposition of the English Power, and without our Interference in their Affairs. That it was the special Duty of the said Warren Hastings, derived from a special Trust reposed in him, and Power committed to him by Parliament, to have rcltrained, as by Law he had Authority to do, the subordinate Presidency of Bombay from entering into Hostilities with the Marattas, or from making Engagements, the manifest Tendency of which was to enter into those Hostilities, and to have put a Stop to them, if any such had been begun. That he w as bound by the Duty of his Office to preserve the Faith of the British Government, pledged in the Treaty of Pooru, inviolate and sacred, as ift M»ch 1774. well as by the special Orders and I nft ructions of the East India Company, to Jiv his Attention to the Preservation of Peace throughout India; all which important Duties the said Warren Hastings did wilfully violate, in giving the Sanction of the Governor General and Council to the dangerous, faithless, and ill-concerted Projects of the President and Council of Bombay, herein-before mentioned, from which the subsequent Maratta War, with all the Expence, Distress, and Disgraces which have attended it, took their Commencement; and that the said Hastings therefore is

specially and principally anl’werable for the said War, and for all the Consequences thereof. That in a Letter, dated the 20th of January 1778, the President and Council of Bombay informed the Governor General and Council, that, in consequence of later Intelligence n° 34. received from Poona, they had immediately resolved that nothing further could be done, unless Saccaram Baboo, the Principal in the late Treaty [of ] joined

in making a formal Application to them. That no such Application was ever made by that Person. That the said Warren Hastings, finding that all this pretended Ground for engaging in an Invasion of the Maratta Government had totally failed, did then pretend to give Credit to, and to be greatly alarmed by, the Suggestions of the President and Council of Bombay, that the N° 3s> 4 Marattas were negociating with the French, and had agreed to give them the Port of Choul, on the Malabar Coast, and did affirm that the French had obtained Possession of that Port: That all these Suggestions and Assertions were false; and, if they had been true, would have fumiffied no just Occasion for attacking either the Marattas or the French, with both of w hom J3<iFeb. *77*. the British Nation was then at Peace: — That the said ,s" Warren Hastings did then propose and caiTy the following Resolution, in Council, against the Protelt of Two Members thereof, that " For the Purpose of granting " you [the Presidency of Bombay] the most effectual " Support in our Power, we have resolved to assemble a * strong Military Force near Calpee, the Commanding " Officer of which is to be ordered to march, by the " most practicable Route, to Bombay, or to such other " Place as future Occurrences, and your Directions to " him, may render it expedient." And with respect to the Steps said to be taking by the French to obtain a rs 35. j/ient on the Malabar Coast, the said Warren Hastings

did declare to the Presidency of Bombay, " that it was the " Opinion of the Governor General and Council, that " no Time ought to be loft in forming and carrying into " Execution such Measures as might most effectually " tend to frustrate such dangerous Designs:" — That Vol. 41.

the said Warren Hastings therefore, instead of fixing his Charges Attention to the Preservation of Peace throughout India, .

as it was his Duty to have done, did continue to abet, r* aft, ne*' encourage, and support the dangerous Projects of the Presidency of Bombay, and did thereby manifest a determined Intention to disturb the Peace of India, by the unfortunate Success of which Intention, and by the continued Efforts of the said Hastings, the greatest Part of India has been for several Years involved in a bloody and calamitous War. That both the Court of Directors and Court of Proprietors did specially instruct the said Warren Hastings, iu all his Measures, " to make the 3iftM»rchi774. " Safety and Prosperity of Bengal his principal ObjeCfc," and did heavily censure the said Wa Hastings for having employed their Troops at a great Distance from Bengal, in a War against the RohiUas, which the House of Commons have pronounced to be iniquitous *, and did »* >7*1-

on that Occasion expressly declare, " That they difap- >s °*c- *775proved of all such distant Expeditions, as might eventually carry t^eir Forces to any Situation too remote " to admit of their speedy and safe Return to the Protection of their own Provinces, in case of Erner- ,

" gency." That the said Warren Hastings neverthe-leis ordered a Detachment from the Bengal Army to cross the Jumna, and to proceed acrose the Peninsula, by a circuitous Route, through the Diamond Country of Bundle Cund, and through the Dominions of the Rajah of Berar, situated in the Centre of Hindostan, and did thereby strip the Provinces subject to the Government of Fort William of a considerable Part of their established Defence, and did thereby disobey the general Instructions, and positive Orders of the Court of Directors (given upon Occasion of a Crime of the same Nature committed by the said Hastings) and was guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanor.

That *he said Warren Hastings, haring taken the Measures herein-before described for supporting those of the Presidency of Bombay, did, on the 23d of March 1778, " invert the said Presidency with Authority to " form a new Alliance with Ragoba, and to engage with n° 39him in any Scheme which they should deem expedient " and safe for retrieving his Affairs." That the said Hastings was then in Possession of a Letter from the Court of Directors, dated the 4th of July 1777, containing a positive Order to the Presidency of Bombay, in the following Words: "Though that Treaty [meaning " the Treaty of Poorunder] is not, upon the Whole, so d", Paraj. 6j.

" agreeable to us as we could wish, still we are resolved " strictly to adhere to it on our Parts. You must therefore be particularly vigilant, while Ragoba is with " you, to prevent him from forming any Plan against " what is called the Ministerial Party at Poona; and " we hereby positively order you not to engage with him " iu any Scheme whatever in retrieving his Affairs,

" without the Consent of the Governor General and " Council, or the Court of Directors." That the said Ragoba neither did or could form any Plan for his Restoration, but what was and must be against the Ministerial Party at Poona, who held and exercised the Regency of that State in the Infancy of the Pelhwa; and that, supposing him to have formed any other Scheme, in Conjunction with Bombay, for retrieving his Affairs, the said Hastings, in giving a previous general Authority to the Presidency of Bombay to engage with Ragoba in any Scheme lor that Purpose, without knowing what such Scheme might be, and thereby relinquishing and transferring to the Discretion of a subordiuate Government, that Superintendance and Controul over all Measures tending to create or provoke a War, which the Law had exdufively vested in the Governor General and Council, was guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanor. That the said Warren Hastings, having first declared that the Measures taken by him were for the Support of the 8 C Engagements

1 \

id Feb. 177!.

N°43.

13 March 1778. N° 39.

18th May 178s.

N° 64.

N° 68.

Gen1 Letter, 30th June 1769.

13d Nov. 1778.

N° 153.

7th oa. 1778. N°i44.

13d Nov. 1778. N° 153.

650

38* Apr

A. 1786.

Engagements made by the Presidency of Bombay, in Favour of Ragoba, did afterwards, when it appeared that those Negotiations were entirely laid aside, declare that his Apprehension of the Consequence of a pretended Intrigue between the Marattas and the French, was the sole Motive of all the late Measures taken for the Support of the Presidency of Bombay, but that neither of the preceding Declarations contained the true Motives and Objects of the said Hastings, whole real Purpose, as it appeared loon after, was to make Use of the Superiority of the British Power in India, to carry on ostensive Wars, and to pursue Schemes of Conquest, impolitic and unjust in their Design, ill-concerted in the Execution, and which, as this House has relblvcd, have brought great Calamities on India, and enormous on the

East India Company. That the said Warren Hastings, on the 2 2d of June 1778, made the following Declaration in Council: " Much left can I agree that, with such " l'uperior Advantages, as we possess over every Power " which can oppose us, we should aft merely on the " Defensive. On the contrary, if it be really true, that " the British Arms and Influence have suffered so " severe a Check in the Westera World, it is more " incumbent on those, who are charged with the Interests " of Great Britain in the East, to exert themselves for " the Retrieval of the National Loss. We have the " Means in our Power, and, if they are not frustrated by u our own Dissentions, I trust that the Event of this " Expedition will yield every Advantage, for the " men* of which it was undertakThat, in pursuance of the Principles avowed in the preceding Declaration, the said Warren Hastings, on the 9th of July 1778, did propose, and carry it in Council, that an Embassy should be sent from Bengal to Moodqjee Boosla, the Rajah of Berar, falsely asserting, that the said Rajah " was, by Interest and Inclination, likely to join in an Alliance u with the British Governraerit; and suggesting that Two " Advantages might be offered to him, as the Inducements to it; First, the Support of his Pretensions to " the Sovereign Power [r/z. of the Empire];

Second, the Recovery of the Captures made on his " Dominions by Nizam Ally." That the said Hastings, having already given full Authority to the Presidency of Bombay to engage the British Faith to Ragonaut Row, to support him in his Pretensions to the 'Government or to the Regency of the Maratta Empire, ’was 'guilty of a 'High Crime and Misdemeanor, in proposing to engage the same British Faith to support the Pretensions of another Competitor for the same Object; and that in offering to assist the Rajah of Berar to recover the Captures made on his Dominions by the Nizam, the said Hastings did endeavour, as far as depended on him, to engage the British Nation in a most unjust and utterly unprovoked War against the said Nizam, between whom and the East India Company a Treaty of Peace and Eriendship did then subsist, unviolated on his Part; notwithstanding the said Hastings well knew that it made -Part of the East India Company’s fundamental Policy to support that Prince against the Marattas, and to consider him as One of the Jew remaining Chiefs, who were yet capable of coping with the Marattas, and that it was the Company’s true Interest to preserve a good Understanding with him. That, by holding out such Offers to the Rajah of Berar, the said Hastings professed to hope that the Rajah would ardently catch at the Objects pi'esented to his Ambition; and although the said Hastings did about this Time lay it down as a Maxim, that there is always a greater Advantage in receiving Solicitations than in making Advances, he nevertheless declared to the said Rajah, that in the whole1 of his Conduct he had departed from the common Line of Polity and kud'ttmde Advances where others, hi his Situation, would have waited for Solicitation; that the said unjust and dangerous Projects

did not take Eflfcft, boCaafe the Rajah of Berar reftded to join «r be concerned therein; yet so earnest was the

laid Hastings for the Execution of those Projects, that in a subsequent Letter, he daringly and treacherously allured the Rajah " that, if he had accepted of the Terms 9^ Feb. 1773. " offered him by Colonel Goddard, and concluded a 1,017JTreaty with the Government of Bengal upon them, he " should have held the Obligation of it superior to that " of any Engagement formed by the Government of " Bombay, and should have thought it his Duty to maintain it, 8$c. against every Consideration, even of the " most valuable Interests and Safety of the English Possessions intrusted to his ChargeThat all the Offers of the said Hastings were rejected with Slight and Contempt by the Rajah of Berar-, but the same being discovered and generally known throughout India, did fill the Chief of the Princes and States of with a

general Suspicion and Distrust of the ambitious Deligns and treacherous Principles of the British Government, and with an universal Hatred of the British Nation; that the said Princes and States were thereby so thoroughly convinced of the Necessity of uniting amongst themselves to oppose a Power which kept no Faith with any of them, and equally threatened them all, that, renouncing all former Enmities against each other, they united in a common Confederacy against the English-, viz. the Pelliwa, as Representative of the Maratta State, and Moodajec Boosla, the Rajah of Berar, that is, the principal Hindoo Powers of India, on One Side; and liyder Ally, and the Nizam of the Decan, that is, the principal Mahomedan Powers of India, on the other; and that in consequence of this Confederacy Hyder Ally invaded, over-ran, and ruined the Carnatic; and that Aloodajee Boosla, instead of ardently

catching at the Objects presented to his Ambition by the said Hastings, sent an Army to the Frontiers of Bengal-, which Army the said Warren Hastings was at length forced to buy off with Twenty-six Lacks of Rupees, or Report,

300,000l. Sterling, after a Series of Negociations with the p*,10' Maratta Chiefs who commanded that Army, founded and _J£nBJrT «»> conducted on Principles so dishonourable to the British eruary,7liI-Name and Character, that the Secret Committee of the House of Commons, by whom the rest of the Proceedings in that Business were reported to the House, have, upon h° 3*5. due Consideration, thought it proper to leave out the Letter of Instructions to Air. Anderson; viz. those given by the said Warren Hastings to the Representative of the British Government; and concerning which the said Committee have reported in the following Terms: — " The Schemes 6thR*pon,

" of Policy by which the Governor General seems to have ** II9'

" dictated the Instructions he gave to Mr. Anderson [the " Gentleman deputed] will also appear in this Document,

" as well respecting the particular Succession to the " Rause, as also the Mode of accommodating the Demand " of Chout, the Establishment of which was apparently " the great Aim of Moodqjee's Political Manoeuvres,

" while the Governor General’s Wilh to defeat it was " avowedly more intent on the Removal of a nominal " Disgrace, than on the Anxiety or Resolution to be freed " from an expensive, if an unavoidable Incumbrance."

That while the said Warren Hastings was endeavouring to persuade the Rajah of Berar to engage with him in a Scheme to place the said Rajah at the Head of the Maratta Empire, the Presidency of Bombay, by virtue of the Powers specially vested in them for that Purpose by the said Hastings, did really engage with Ragonaut Row, the other Competitor for the same Object, and sent a great Part of their Military Force established for the Defence of Bombay on an Expedition with Ragonaut Row, to invade the Dominions of the Nov. 177*. Pelhwa, and to take Poona, ’the Capital thereof; that this Army being surrounded and overpowered by the Marattas ‘was obliged to capitulate; and J»n. ow-

then, through the Moderation of the Marattas, pp, J0,

was

*FP- *S-

App. N* 134.

ViJe Letter from Moodajee BoofL, dated 5th Dec. 1778. App. N° 165.

*" 145.

w 157.

On the 15/6 / November.

N*i8i.

1

26 Geo. III. 2.8° jfpfihs.

was permitted to return quietly, but disgracefully, to Bombay. That, supposing the said Hastings

could have been justiried in abandoning the Project of reinstating Ragonaut Row, which he at first authorized, and promised to support, and in preferring a Scheme to place the Rajah of Berar at the Head of the Maratta Empire, he was bound by his Duty, as well as in Justice to the Presidency of Bombay, to give that Presidency timely Notice of i'uch his Intention, and to have restrained them positively from resuming their own Project: That, on the contrary, the said Warr Hastings did, on the 17th of August 1778, again authorize the said Presidency " to assist Ragoba with a Military Force to condust him to Poona, and to establish him in the Regency " thereand, lo far from communicating his Change of Plan to Bombay, did keep it concealed from that Presidency; inso much that, even so late as the 19th of February, 1779, William Hornby, then Governor of Bombay, declared in Council, his total Ignorance of the Schemes of the said Hastings, in the following Terms;

The Schemes of the Governor General and Council,

" with regard to the Rajah of Berar, being yet unknown " to us, it is impossible for us to found any Measures on " them; yet I cannot help now observing, that if,

" as has been conjectured, the Gentlemen of that " Presidency have entertained Thoughts of restoring,

" in his Person, the ancient Rajah Government, the " Attempt seems likely to be attended with no small " Difficulty That whereas the said Warren Hastings did repeatedly affirm, that it was his Intention to support the Plan formed by the Presidency of Bombay in Favour of Ragoba, and did repeatedly authorize and encourage them to pursue it, he did, nevertheless, at the same Time, in his Letters and Declarations to the Pelhwa, to the Nizam, and to the Rajah of Berar, fallbly and perlidioully affirm, that it neoer was nor is designed by the English Chiefs to give Support to Ragonaut Row; that he, Hastings, no Idea of supporting Ragonaut Row; and that the Detachment he had sent to Bombay was solely to awe the French, without the least Design to assist Ragonaut Row: That supposing it to have been the foie professed Intention of the said Hastings, in fending an Army across , to protest Bombay agaiutl a French Invasion, even that Pretence was falle, and used only to cover the real Design of the said Hastings-, viz. to engage in Projects of War and Conquest with the Rajah of Berar. That on the 11th of October 1778, he informed the said Rajah, " that the Detachment would soon arrive " in his Territories, and depend on him, Moodajee " Boosla for its subsequent OperationsThat on the 7U1 of December, 1778, the said Hastings revoked the Powers he had before given to the Presidency of Bombay, over the Detachment, declaring, that the Event of Colonel Goddard's Negociation with the Rajah of Berar was likely to cause a very speedy and essential Change in the Design and Operations of the Detachmentj and that, on the 4th of March 1779, the said Hastings, immediately after receiving Advice of the Defeat of the Bombay Army near Poona, and when Bombay, if at any Time, particularly required to be protected against a French Invasion, did declare in Council, that he wished for the Return of the Detachment to Berar, and dreaded to hear of its proceeding to the Malabar Coast; and therefore if the said Hastings did not think that Bombay was in Danger of being attacked by the French, he was guilty of repeated Faifehoods in affirming the contrary, for the Purpose of covering a criminal Design; or, if he thought that Bombay was immediately threatened with that Danger, he then was guilty of Treachery, in ordering an Army, iiecefi’ary on that Suppoiition to the immediate Defence of Bombay, to halt in Berar, to depend on the Rajah of Vol. 41.

Berar for its subsequent Operations, or on the Event of Charge* a Negociation with that Prince, which, as the said has tings declared, was likely lo cause a very speedy and *r’ essential Change in the Design and Operations of the Detachment; and finally, in declaring that he dreaded to hear of the said Detachment's proceeding to the Malabar Coast, whither he ought to have ordered it to proceed without Delay, if, as he has solemnly affirmed, it was true that he had been told by the highest Authority, that a powerful Armament had been prepared in France, the '

First Object of which was an Attack upon Bombay; and that he knew, with moral Certainty, that all the Powers of the adjacent Continent were ready to join the Invasion.

That through the Whole of these Transactions, the said Warren Hastings has been guilty of continued Falle-hood, Fraud, Contradiction, and Duplicity, highly dif-honourable to the Character of the British Nation; that in Consequence of the unjust and ill-concerted Schemes of the said Hastings, the British Arms, heretofore respected in India, have suffered repeated Disgraces, and great Calamities have been thereby brought upon India; and that the said Warren Hastings, as well in exciting,

and promoting the late unprovoked and unjustifiable War against the Marattas, as in the Conduct thereof, has been guilty of lundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

That by the Definitive Treaty of Peace concluded with App.»5th the Marattas at Poor under on the lit of March 177 b, camming the Marattas gave up all Right and Title to the I Hand nt.

of Salsette, unjustly taken from them by the Presidency of Bombay; did also give up to the English Company for ever all Right and Title to their entire Shares of the City and Pergunnah of Broach; did also give for ever to the English Company a Country of Three Lacks of Rupees Revenue, near to Broach; and did also agree to pay to the Company Twelve Lacks of Rupees, in Part of the Expences of the English Army; and that the Terms of the said Treaty t were honourable and advan- t Resolution tageous to the India Company. comm^f* of

That Warren Hastings having broken the said Treaty, lSth M*r *7*2-and forced the Marattas into another War, by a repeated Invasion of their Country, and having conducted that War in tire Manner herein-before described, did, on the 17th of May 1782, by the Agency of Mr. David Anderson, conclude another Treaty of perpetual Friendship and Alliance with the Marattas, by which the said Hastings agreed to deliver up to them all the Countries, Places, Cities, and Forts, particularly the Island of Bassein (taken from the Peffiwa, during the War) and to relinquish all Claim to the Country of Three Lacks of Rupees, ceded to the Company by the Treaty of Poorunder: That the said Warren Hastings did also, at the same Time, by a private and separate Agreement, deliver up to Madajee the Whole of the City of Broach; that is, not only the Share in the said City which the India Company acquired by the Treaty of Poorunder, but the other Share thereof, which the India Company possessed for several Years before that Treaty; and that, among the Reasons assigned by Mr. David Anderson for totally itripping the Presidency of Bombay of all their Possessions on the Malabar Coast, he has declared, " that from the 17th May 17*. " general Tenor of the rest of the Treaty, the Settlement of Bombay would be in future put on such " a Footing, that it might well become a Question " whether the Pofiession of an inconsiderable Territory, without Forts, would not be attended with " more Loss than Advantage, as it mud necessarily " occasion considerable Expence, must require Troops " for its Defence, and might probably in the End " lead, as Scindia apprehended, to a Renewal of " War."

That the said Warren Hastings having in this Manner put an End to a War commenced by him without

Provocation,

6$2 a8a ApriUs. 1786.

Charges Provocation, and continued by him without Necessity, HP1?*,. and having for that Purpose made so many Sacrifices r* wgc' to the Marattas, in Points of essential Interest to the India Company, did consent and agree to other Articles utterly dishonourable to the British Name and Character, having sacrificed or abandoned every one of the Native Princes, who, by his Solicitations and Promises had been engaged to take Part with us in the War; and that he did so without Necessity, fmce it appears that Scindia, the Chief who concluded

the Treaty, in every Part of his Conduct manifested a hearty Desire of establishing a Peace with us; and that this was the Disposition of all the Parties in the Maratta Confederacy, who were only kept together by a general Dread of their common Enemy, the and who only waited for a Cessation of Hostilities with us to return to their habitual and permanent Enmity against each other. That the Governor General and Council, in their Letter of 31st August 1781, made the following Declaration to the Court of Directors: " The " Marattas have demanded the Sacrifice of the Person "of Ragonaut Row, the Surrender of the Fort and " Territories of Ahmedab and of the Fortress of " Grnlior, which are not ours to give, and which we " could not wrest from the Proprietors, without the " greatest Violation of public Faith. No State of Affairs, in our Opinions, could warrant our Acquiescence " to such Requisition; and we are morally certain, that " had we yielded to them, such a Consciousness of the " State of our Affairs would have been implied, as " would have produced an Effect the very reverse from " that for which it was intended, by raising the Presumption of the Enemy to ex aft yet more ignominious " Terms, or perhaps their Refusal to accept of any; nor,

" in our Opinion, would they have failed to excite in " others the same Belief, and the consequent Decision of " all Parties against us, as the natural Consequences of " our Decline." That the said Hastings Himself, in his Instructions to Mr. David after authorizing

him to restore all that we had conquered during the War, expressly " excepted , and the Territory

" conquered for Fatty Sing Gwicowar." That nevertheless the said Hastings, in the Peace concluded by him, has yielded to every one of the Conditions reprobated in the preceding Declarations, as ignominious, and incom-

patible with public Faith.

That the said Warren Hastings did abandon the Ranna of Gohud, in the Manner already charged; and that the said Ranna has not only loft the Fort of Grnlior, but all his own Country, and is himself a Prisoner. — That the said Hastings did not interpose to obtain any Anderson’f Terms in Favour of the Nabob of Bopaul, who was # January i*s»! s nth great Reason desirous of concealing from the Marattas the Attachment he had borne to the English Government; the said Nabob having a just Dread of the Danger of being exposed to the Resentment of the Marattas, and no Dependance on the Faith and Protection of the English. That by the 9th Article of the Treaty with Fatty Sing, it was stipulated, that when a Negocia-tion for Peace should take Place, his Interest should be primarily considered; and that Mr. David Anderson, the Minister and Representative of the Governor General and Council, did declare to Scindia, that it was indispensably incumbent on us to support Futty Sing's Rights.

That nevertheless every Acquisition made for or by the said Futty Sing, during the War, particularly the Fort and Territories of Ahmedabad, were given up by the said Hastings: That Futty Sing was replaced under the Subjection of the Pefhwa (whole Resentment he had provoked by taking Part with us in the War) and under an Obligation to pay a Tribute, not specified, to the Pelhwa, and to perform such Services, and to be subject to such Obedience, as had long been established and cus-

tomary; and that, no Limit being fixed to such Tribute or Services, the said Futty Sing has been left wholly at the Mercy of the Marattas.

That with respect to Ragoba, the said Hastings, in his Instructions to Mr. Anderson, dated 4th of November 1781, contented himself with saying, " We cannot totally " abandon the Interests of Ragonaut Row. Endeavour " to obtain for him an adequate Provision." — That Mr.

Anderson declared to Madajee Scindia *, " that as we Anderfoo-s " had given Ragoba Protection as an independent Prince, February ,*$. " and not brought him into our Settlement as aPriloner,

" we could not in Honour pretend to impose the smallest " Restraint on his Will, and he must be at Liberty to go " wherever he pleased; that it must rest with Scindia " himself to prevail on him to reside in his Country; all " that we could do was to agree, after a reasonable Time,

" to withdraw our Protection from him, and not to insist " on the Payment of the Stipend to him, as Scindia had " proposed, unless on the Condition of his residing in " iome Part of Scindia's Territories."

That, notwithstanding all the preceding Declarations, and in Violation of the public Faith repeatedly pledged to Ragoba, he was totally abandoned by the said Hastings in the Treaty, no Provision whatever being made even for his Subsistence, but on a Condition to which he could not submit, without the certain Loss of his Liberty, and probable Hazard of his Life; namely, that he should voluntarily, and of his mm Accord, repair to Scindia, and quietly reside with him. That such treacherous Desertion of the said Ragoba is not capable of being justified by any Plea of Necessity; but that in Fast no such Necessity existed; since it appears that the Nizam, who, of all the contracting Parties in the Confederacy, was Personally most hostile to Ragoba, did himself provideMr.Hoi-pose that Ragoba might have an Option given him of residing within the Company’s Territories. — That the Plan Q^a^c'’r of negociating a Peace with the Marattas, by Applica- Cjan tion to Scindia, and through his Mediation, was earnestly recommended to the said Hastings by the Presidency of Bombay, so early as in February 1779, w ho stated clearly to him the Reasons why such Application ought to be made to Scindia, in Preference to any other of the Maratta Chiefs, and why it would probably be i’uccelsful; the Truth and Justice of which Reasons were fully evinced in the Issue, when the said Hastings, after incurring, by Two Years Delay, all the Losses and Distresses of a calamitous War, did actually pursue that very Plan with much less Effect or Advantage than might have been obtained

t O O

at the Time the Advice was given. That he neglected the Advice of the Presidency of Bombay, and retarded the Peace, as well as made its Conditions worse, from an obstinate Attachment to his Project of an Alliance offensive and defensive with the Rajah of Berar, the Object of which was rather a new War, than a Termination of the War then existing against the Pefhwa.

That the said Hastings did farther embarrafe and retard the Conclusion of a Peace, by employing different Ministers at the Courts of the several Confederate Powers, whom he severally impowered to treat and negociate a Peace. — That these Ministers not acting in Concert, not knowing the Extent of each others Commissions, and having no Instructions to communicate their respective Proceedings to each other, did in Effect counteract their several Negociations. — That this Want of Concert and of Simplicity, and the Mystery and Intricacy in the Mode of conducting the Negociation on our Part, was complained of by our Ministers as embarrassing and disconcerting to us, while it w’as advantageous to the adverse Party, who were thereby furnished with Op- vjkGjjtJ*' portunity and Pretence for Delay, when it suited tvofaothja- j their Purpose; and enabled to play off one Set of '

Negociators against another: That it also created utter of ij*

Jealously and Distrust in the various contending Parties, F«bu7,7s*-

with

z6 Geo. III. a 86 Apr ills. 653

with whom we were treating at the same Time, and to whom we were obliged to make contradictory Pro-sessions, w hile it betrayed and exposed to them all our own Eagerness and Impatience for Peace; raising thereby the general Claims and Pretentious of the Enemy. That while Dalhousie Esquire,

was treating at Poona, and David Esquire,

in Scindia's Camp, with separate Powers applied to the

lame Object, the Minister at Poona informed the said JVatherston, that he had received Proposals for Peace from the Nabob of Arcot, with the Approbation of Sir Pyre Cootc; that he had returned other Proposals to the said Nabob of Arcot, who had allured him (the Minister) that those Proposals would be acceded to, and that Mr. Macpherson would set out for Bengal, which Orders

should be immediately dispatchedfrom the Honourable the Governor General and Council to the Effect he wished. That the said Nabob " had proraised to obtain and forward to him the expected Orders from Bengal in *. Fifteen Days, and that he was therefore every Instant " in Expectation of their Arrival; and observed that, when General Goddardproposed to fend a confidential

" Person to Poona, he conceived that those Orders mult " have actually reached him:" That therefore the Treaty, formally concluded by David Anderson, was in Effect and Substance the same with that offered, and in Reality concluded, by the Nabob of Arcot, with the Exception only of Salsette, which the Nabob of Arcot had agreed to restore to the Maratt That the Intention of the said Warren Hastings, in pressing for a Peace with the Marattas, on Terms so dishonourable, and by Measures so ralh and ill-concerted, was not to restore and establilli a general Peace throughout India, but to engage the India Company in a new War against Hydet'

Ally and to make the Marattas Parties therein. That the Eagerness arid Passion with which the said Hastings pursued this Object, laid him open to the Marattas, who depended thereon for obtaining whatever they should demand from us. — That in order to carry the Point of an offensive Alliance against Hyder Ally, the said Hastings exposed the Negotiation for Peace with the Marattas to many Difficulties and Delays. That the were

bound by a clear and recent Engagement, which Hyder had never violated in any Article, to make no Peace with us which should not include him; that they pleaded the sacred Nature of this Obligation in Answer to all our Requisitions on this Head, while the said Hastings, still importunate for his favourite Point, suggested to them various Means of reconciling a substantial Breach of their Engagement with a formal Observance of it, and taught them how they might at once be Parties in a Peace with Hyder Ally, and in an offensive Alliance for immediate Holtility against him. That these Lessons of public Duplicity and Artifice, and these Devices of ostensible Faith and real Treachery, could have no Effect but to degrade the National Character, and to inlpire the Marattas themselves, with whom we were in Treaty, with a DHtruft in our Sincerity and Good Faith. — That the Object of this fraudulent Policy (viz. the utter De-struction of Hyder Ally, and a Partition of his Dominions) was neither wife in inelf, or authorized by the Orders and Instructions of the Company to their Servants; that it was incompatible with the Treaty of Peace, in which Hyder Ally was included, and contrary to the repeated and best-understood In junctions of the Company; being in the first Place a Bargain for a new War, and in the next, aiming at an Extension of our Territory by Conquest. That the belt and soundest Political Opinions, on the Relations of these States, have always representedour great Security against the Power of the Marattas to depend on its being balanced by that of Hyder Ally; and the Mysore Country is so placed as a Barrier between the Carnatic and the Marattas, as to make it Vol. 41.

our Interest rather to strengthen and repair that Bar- Charges rier, than to level and destroy it That the said Treaty of Partition does express itself to be eventual with regard R r‘ ,n^Sl to the making and keeping of Peace; but through the whole Course of the said Hastings's Proceeding he did endeavour to prevent any Peace with the Sultan or Nabob of Afysore, Tippu Saheb, and did for a long Time endeavour to frustrate all the Methods which could have rendered the said Treaty of Conquest and Partition wholly unnecessary.

That the Marattas having taken no effectual Step to oblige Hyder Ally to make good the Conditions for which they had engaged in his Behalf, and the War continuing to be carried on in the Carnatic by Tippoo Sultan, Son and Successor of Hyder Ally, the Presidency of Fort St. George undertook, upon their own Authority, to open a Negociation with the said Tippoo-, which Measure, though indispensebly necessary, the said Hastings utterly disapproved and discountenanced, exprefely Foit

denying that there was any Ground or Motive for M^h entering into any direct or separate Treaty with; *7*

and not consenting to or authorizing any Negociation for such Treaty, until after a Cessation of Hostilities had been brought about with him by the Presidency of Fort St. George, in August. 1773, and the Ministers of Tippoo had been received and treated with by that Presidency, and Commissioners, in Return, actually sent by the said.

Presidency to the Court of Poona; which late and reluctant Content and Authority were extorted from him, the said Hastings, in consequence of the Acknowledgment of his Agent at the Court of Madajee Scindia (upon whom the said JVarren Hastings had depended for enforcing the Clauses of the Maratta Treaty) of the Precariousness of such Dependence, and of the Necessity of that direct and separate Treaty with Tippoo, so long and so lately reprobated by the said JVarren Hastings, notwithstanding the Information and Entreaties of the Presidency of Fort St. George, as well as the known Distresses and critical Situation of the Company’s Affairs.

— That though the said JVarren Hastings did at length* give Instructions for negociating and making Peace with Tippoo; exprefely adding, that those Instructions extended to all tha Points which occurred to him or them as capable of being agitated or gained upon the Occasion;

— though the said Instructions were font after the said Commissioners by the Presidency of St. George, with Directions to obey them; though not only the said Instructions were obeyed, but Advantages gained which did not occur to the said JVarren Hastings; — though the said Peace formed a Contrail with the Maratta Peace, in neither ceding any Territory possessed by the Company before the War, or delivering up any Dependant or Ally to the Vengeance of his Adverferies, but providing for the Restoration of all the Countries that had been taken from the Company and their Allies; — though the Supreme Council of Calcutta, forming the legal Government of Bengal in the Absence of the said Warren Hastings, ratified the said Treaty: Yet the said Warren Hastings, then absent from the Seat of Government and out of the Province of Bengal, and forming no legal or integral Part of the Government during such Absence, did, after such Ratification, usurp the Power of acting as a Part of such Government (as if actually fitting in Council with the other Members of the lame) in the Consideration and unqualified Censure of the Terms of the said Peace. That the Nabob of Arcot, with whom the said Hastings did keep up an unwarrantable, clandestine Correspondence, without any Communication with the Presidency of Madras, wrote a Letter of Complaint, dated the 27th of March 1784, against the Presidency of that Place, without any Communication thereof to the said Presidency, the said Complaint being addressed to the said JVarren Hastings, the

8 D Substance

A. 178

654 28

Substance of which Complaint was, that he (the Nabob) had not been made a Party to the late Treaty: And

although his Interest had been sufficiently provided for in the said Treaty, the said Hastings did lign a

Declaration on the 23d of May, at Lucknow, forming the Bafts of a new Article, and making a new Party to the Treaty, after it had been, by all Parties (the Supreme Council of Calcutta included) completed and ratified, and did transmit the said new Stipulation to the Presidency at Calcutta, solely for the Purposes, and at the Jnftigation, of the Nabob of Arcol; and the said Declaration was made without any previous Communication with the Preftdency aforesaid, and in conlbquence thereof Orders were sent by the Council at Calcutta to the Preftdency of Fort Saint George, under the severest Threats in case of Disobedience; which Orders, whatever were their Purport, would, as an undue Assumption of, and Participation in, the Government from which he was absent, become a high Misdemeanor; but, being to the Purport of opening the said Treaty, after its l'olenm Ratification, and proposing a new Clause and a new Party to the fame, was also an Aggravation of such Misdemeanor, as it tended to convey to the Indian Powers an Idea of the Unfteadinels of the Councils and Determinations of the British Government, and to take away all Reliance on its Engagements, and as, above all, it exposed the Affairs of the Nation and the Company to the Hazard of seeing renewed all the Calamities of War, from whence, by the Conclusion of the Treaty, they had emerged, and upon a Pretence so weak as that of proposing the Nabob of Arcot to be a Party to the same — though he had not been made a Party by the said Warren Hastings in the Maratta Treaty, which profell’ed to be for the Relief of the Carnatic; — though he was not a Party to the former Treaty with also relative to the Carnatic; — though it was not certain whether, if the Treaty were once opened, and that even Tippoofhould then content to that Nabob’s being a

Party, whether he (the said Nabob) would agree to the Clauses of the fame, and consequently whether the said Treaty, once opened, could afterwards be concluded — an Uncertainty, of which he, the said Hastings, should have learned to be aware, having already once been disappointed by the said Nabob’s refusing to accede to a Treaty which he the said Warren Hastings made for him with the Dutch about a Tear before.

That the said Warren Hastings having broken a solemn and honourable Treaty of Peace, by an unjust and unprovoked War; having neglected to conclude that War, when he might have done it without Lol's of Honour to the Nation; having plotted and contrived, as far as depended on him, to engage the India Company in another War, as loon as the former should be concluded; and having at last put an End to a moll unjust War against the Marattas by a most ignominious Peace with them, in which he fiicrificed Objects essential to the Interests, and submitted to Conditions utterly incompatible with the Honour, of this Nation, and with his own declared Sense of the dishonourable Nature of those Conditions; and having endeavoured to open anew the Treaty concluded with Tippoo Sultan, through the Means of the Preftdency of Fort St. George, upon Principles of Justice and Honour, and which established Peace in India; and thereby exposing the British Pof-sessions there to the Renewal of the Dangers and Calamities of War — has, by these several Acts, been guilty of sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

N* 21.

CORRESPONDENCE.

That by an A£1 of the 13th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain " Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in " Europe," " The Governor General and Council are c»p. 6j.$ec.j. " required and directed to pay due Obedience to all " such Orders as they shall receive from the Court of " Directors of the said United Company, and to correspond from Time to Time, and couftantly and diligently " transmit to the said Court, an exact Particular of all " Advices or Intelligence, and of all Transadlions and " Matters whatsoever that shall come to their Knowledge,

" relative to the Government, Commerce, Revenues, or " Interest of the said United Company."

That in consequence of the above-recited Act, the Court of Directors, in their General Inllructions of the 29th March 1774, to the Governor General and Council, did direct, " That the Correspondence with the " Princes or Country Powers in India, should be carried " on through the Governor General only; but that all " Letters to be lent by him should be first approved in " Council, and that he should lay before the Council,

" at their next Meeting, all Letters received by him " in the Course of such Correspondence, for their " Information."

And the Governor General and Council were therein further ordered, " That, in tranladling the Business of Plr- »

" their Department, they should enter, with the utmoR " Perspicuity and Exactness, all their Proceedings whatsoever; and all Dissents, if such should at any Time " be made by any Member of their Board, together " with all Letters sent or received in the Course of their " Correspondence; and that broken Sets of such Proceedings, to the latest Period possible, be transmitted " to them (the Court of Directors) a complete Set at " the End of every Year, and a Duplicate by the next " Conveyance."

That in Defiance of the said Orders, and in Breach of the above-recited Act of Parliament, the said Warren Hastings has, in sundry Inllances, concealed from his Council the Correspondence carried on between him and the Princes or Country Powers in India, and neglected to communicate the Advices and Intelligence he from Time to Time received from the British Reli-dents at the different Courts in India to the other Members of the Government; and without their Knowledge,

Counsel, or Participation, has dispatched Orders on Matters of the utmost Consequence to the Interefb of the Company.

That moreover, the said Warren Hastings, for the Purpose of covering his own improper and dangerous Practices from his Employers, has withheld from the Court of Directors, upon sundry Occasions, Copies of die Proceedings had, and the Correspondence carried on by him in his Official Capacity, as Governor General, whereby the Court of Directors have been kept iu Ignorance of Matters which it highly imported them to know, and the Affairs of the Company have been exposed to much Inconvenience and Injury.

That in all such Concealments and Acts done or ordered without the Consent and Authority of the Supreme Council, the said Warren Hastings has been guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Articles be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered,

26 Geo. III. a8° Aprilis — i0 Mail. 655

Kle&ions —

C^onnty

Voters.

tfopplj.

Ways and Means.

Stamford 'Baron Road*

Ordered, That the said Articles be referred to the Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Heage, &c.

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Estates Ko"' whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Com-and Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Esquire, which were presented to the House by Mr. Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative Burke, upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, are to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, because referred. at the Time the Petition for the Bill was prepared, which

was after the Notices were given, it was supposed that The other Orders of the Day being read; the Line of Road therein described would be the mod

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- eligible for the Country and the Public, but it has been night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fence found that some final! Deviations in the Line of the upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters Road, to the Extent of about Seven Furlongs, are necef-at County Elections. fary; and that the Committee had examined the Matter

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the ing next, resolve into a Committee of the \yhole House, feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he to consider further of the Supply granted to His read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Majesty. it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- and is as followeth; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Benjamin Outram being examined, said, That he has

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. surveyed all the Roads intended to be repaired by the

Bill now depending, and those mentioned in the Petition;

And then the House adjourned till Monday and he informed the Committee, that the Line of such

Morning next, Ten of the Clock. Part of the said Roads as lies between and

Stretton, leads over some low swampy Land, and the Expence of repairing the same will be very considerable, great Part of which might be saved, and a more proper and much shorter Line of Road opened, if, instead thereof, a Road was made from the North End of Shirland aforesaid, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of High am to Stretton, at or near the North End of the said Town of Higham, on the South Side of the Grey Hound Inn. And,

.....Turbutt, Esquire, being examined, said,

A PETITION of the several Persons whole That the Alteration of the Road, as above described,

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentle- will be of public Utility. Then, men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Mr. Outram being again examined, laid, That it Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; would be it further Advantage if, instead of making Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave given by a new Road from the Turnpike Road leading from the House on the lft Day of March last, Notice of the Ditffie to Chesterfield at Heage, through the several Application to Parliament for Powers to repair and inclosed Grounds, to the Lane leading to Pentridge, widen the Road leading from the East End of Church- a Power was given to the Trustees to amend and widen Lane, in the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, Lane leading from another Part of the said Turnpike Road in the County of Northampton, through JVorthorp Lane, at Buckland Hollow, to the South End of the Town of and by Buttock's Booth, to the Town of Northampton, Pentridge, if upon putting the Act in Execution they was given at the last Easter Sessions holden for the said shall fend it expedient lo to do- — That the Piece of Road County, and by Advertisement in the Newspaper called from Shirland to Stretton, intended to be amended and The Northampton Mercury, in the Month of March last, widened, is only Two Furlongs and Forty Yards in in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Length, and the Length of Road to be thereupon left Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative out of the Bill, is One Mile and Fourteen Yards, and to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave' that the Road which it is proposed to give the Trustees may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widen- an optional Power of amending is Five Furlongs and ing the said Road, under such Regulations as to the 100 Yards in Length, and if made, will occasion the House shall seem meet. leaving out of the Track a Piece of Road containing

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the One Mile Three Furlongs and upwards in Length.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Mr. John Jolly being examined, feid, That the giving amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,- as it an optional Power to the Trustees to alter the Line of shall appear to them, to the House: Road as aforesaid, will be the Means of Accommodat-

And it is referred to Sir James Langham, Mr. Powys, ing the Neighbourhood more eflfeftually than by re-Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, stricting them to the precise Line of Road as stated in at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: the Bill.

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Records. Table.

Lunce, 1* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

P» a vr us.

Brovgb

ladofui

ton

LlUC*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Langham, Mr. Powys, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vou 41.

Lord Algernon Percy presented to the House, ac- N. Shields cording to Order, a Bill for better {implying with Waterworks. Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping resorting to the Harbour of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported

from

Atherftoue

Inclosure.

Imprisonment by Courts of Conscience,

Hocklifffc,&c

Road,

Raveley

Inclosure.

656 i° Mail.A. 1786.

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of At hers tone, in the County of

Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 15 Ancient Messuages, or Sites of Ancient Messuages, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 13$ Messuages, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietor of One Messuage, who could not be found; and that the whole Number of Ancient Messuages, or Sites of Ancient Messuages, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be divided and allotted, amounts to 182; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Imprisonment; and, for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between H in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Hmchingbj'ook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates within the said Parish, of the Annual Value of 29/.; and that the whole Annual Value of the Estates within the said Parish is 610/. 4v.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

03

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Commit- Hemp and tee, to whom the Petition of certain Linen AJanu- ^lax* facturers, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow’eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the " Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act " made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His "present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported " into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for " the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp " and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying " the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated " for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and " Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England,

" by applying a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand " Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and " Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited," was read; and,

Robert Beggar, Junior, Esquire (a Linen Manufacturer) being examined, said, That the said *Act has had feme Eftect, but not sufficient to produce the Eud that the Legislature had in View-«-That the English Flax has proved of an exceeding good Quality, and in feme Years preferable to the Foreign, and they would have consumed more of it, if it could have been supplied —

That for Want of a sufficient Home Supply, and the increased Demand upon the Foreign Market, the Price of Foreign Flax has ril'en near 40/. per Cent, which has exposed the Manufacture to great Hardlliips, and threatens the total Loss of it to Great Britain.

And the Witness added, That, from the Knowledge he has of the State of the Trade, he is of Opinion that a Sum, not less than from 3 /. to 400,000 I. is Annually expended in the Purchase of Foreign Flax and Flax Seed. Then,

Mr. Henry Jowett, a Flax Drefier, at York, being examined, laid, That he had inquired of the Farmers what was the Cause of their not obtaining the Bounty granted by the said Act, and found, that after growing the Flax they had claimed the Bounty at the Quarter Sessions, and could only obtain it for the Year 1782, and that only in Part — That from the Want of Succels in their Application other Growers were discouraged from applying at all — That the Expectation of the Bounty induced Numbers to grow for the first Year, but finding the y did not succeed in getting the Bounty, they seemed to be discouraged — That the Answer they received to their Application at the Quarter Sessions was, that the Magistrates had not the Money, nor any Orders to pay it.

That the Witness attended One or Tw-o Sessions for the County of the City of York, where Claims were delivered in, but no Bounty has yet been paid in consequence; and that if the Farmers had received the Bounty they expected, they would have been encouraged to grow more Flax than they have done.

And the Witness added, that he dresses Foreign as

well

Bounties ou Hemp and Flax.

Sudbury

Magistrates.

Sugar jn.ported.

26 Geo. III. i° Mail. 657.

veil as British Flax; that he look* *poa the English Flax to he far superior to the Russian Flax; and that the Dutch Flax comes nearer to the English than the Russia, but he thinks the English Flax is of equal 'Quality with the Dutch.

A Member prefect stated to Your Coaamittee, That according to Accounts, which he deemed authentic, the Quantity of Hemp imported into Great Britain, on the Average of the Years 1776 and #777, was 24,000 Ton; and the Average Price 24/. a Too, on a Medium, making 576,0001.

The laid Member also stated, That from Enquiries among the Farmers in the Welt of England, the same Obstructions occurred at the Quarter Sessions in obtaining the Bounty as had occurred in other Parts of the Kingdom, by which the Fanners, who were at first encouraged to iDcrease the Cultivation of Flax, in Ex* peSation of the Bounty, had been discouraged from continuing the same Growth; but that if the AS was further continued, and the Obstructions removed, they would continue the Cultivation of Flax and Hemp, if the Bounties were regularly paid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual lo much " of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund " established by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens " imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a " Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing " of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the diliributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appro-11 pnated for the Encouragement of the Growth of " Hemp and Flax in that Fart of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding Fifteen " thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears " and Duties, to the Purpolies aforesaid, for a Time " limited And that Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Claims made to, and settled by, the Justices of the several Quarter Sessions for Bounties on the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and payable in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and transmitted and certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; and also, of all Monies prayed for, and ifl’ued for paying the said Bounties, from the ift of January 1781 to the lft of January 1786; distinguishing each County, and each Year.

A Bill for increasing the Number of Magistrates for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, in certain Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Langston, Mr. William Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the different Islands from whence imported.

And then be withdraw.

Vol 41.

And the Tide of the fend Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table, to he petroled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is pseferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Barincetok* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Inclafore. Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Wafie Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Benyen reported from the Committee, to whom Romford the Bill for providing a proper Workhcrofe, and better WorUlouMi regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, end found the same to be true; and that the Committee had ' ' gone through the Bill, turd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, io a* the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

it

H

a

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr./ Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Filth Year of the Reiga of His pre-feat Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening die Roads from Baxvtry Bridge,k» the County of Nottingham, to

Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and from North " Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pi ford Bridge, and from the great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the " Hamlet of Morton to E and from Ilaxey " Field to The Trent at Kinnatd Ferny, in the said " County of Lincolnas relates to die First and Second Districts of Roads therein described; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places within the lame; and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 23d Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, " in the said County, and for other Purposes therein u mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inefofing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Pari Hies of Upper Wallop, Hursboum Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

8 E The

Bawtry Bridge, &c. Roads.

Salop Gaol, &c.

Upper Wallop. &c. Inclosuro.

Bray

Inclosure.

658 i° Mail.A. 1786.

Ciieftfr, &c. The I,ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoads. for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of in the County of Chester-, without any Amendment: And also, Birstall, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for continuing and amending an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstall to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane End to the Town of in the West

Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

Chatteris The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ferry Roads to en]arge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch An ingrafted Bill for authorizing the Lord Chief

Society for Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer Christian8 *n Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising Knowledge, from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A berdeen Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Flection. t]le adjourned Consideration of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That James Ferguson, Esquire, of Pit-four, and Sir Archibald Grant, of Monymusk, Baronet, Alexander Leith, of Frefield, Esquire, and John Taylor, Esquire, Purchaser of Part of the Estate of Belhelvie, Freeholders of the County of Aberdeen, and having a Right to vote at the Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, have Leave to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Motion.

And George Skene, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place, acquainted the House, that he consented to the withdrawing of the said Petitions;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for taking the said Petition* into Con-lideration on Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said James Ferguson, Esquire, and the said several Persons, have Leave to withdraw their said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson: llarvingtoB Mr. Speaker,

JiK-iofure. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land within the Parish of Harrington, in the County of Worcester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tichwell for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure* Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Viscount vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, hallway’s intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Henry 8 ates" William Arundell Viscount Gallway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Huddersfield Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Huddersfeld, in Inclosure-the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell,

Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Public Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Annu*t*e«. Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Manifests. Reading of the Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Perfumery, Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles H»irPowder, therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out *c‘ by Persons uttering or vending the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session Dutiesna I of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing Tobacco.

" the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-

vennight,

Goo81c I

Battens and Deals.

Exchequer Fees on Pensions.

Geo. III. i0 Mail

vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Rates upon Battens and Deals, and granting new Rates thereupon, and for ascertaining the Dimensions of Battens and Deals, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of his Grace Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor, Philip Earl of HaGeorge Nugent Marquis of Buckingham, the Honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Edward Roberts, Esquire, late Deputy to the Right honourable Sir Edward late Clerk of the Pells, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary, the Barons of the Exchequer were required to present a Table of the ancient and legal Fees by them allowed to be taken by the Officers of the Exchequer* on all Sums of Money issued and received at the Exchequer; and that, by the Table of Fees presented in pursuance of the above recited Act, the Officers of the Exchequer were allowed to take Fees on all Pensions to the Amount of nearly Five per Cent. and on all Monies issued for Secret Service, Two and a Half per Cent, the Barons alledging it for a Reason, that many Pensions were paid out of Money issued for Secret Service, which Pensions, had the Service been known, would have been subject to the larger Fees of nearly Five per Cent, and those Fees have been invariably taken at the Exchequer upon all Gross Sums issued for Secret Service, although the Pensions paid out of such Secret Service Money have been received at the Treasury, clear of all Deductions whatever; and that an Office was instituted at the Beginning of this Century, for the Purpose of paying private Pensions, and the Fees upon the Gross Sums issued to the Paymaster of these Pensions were reduced to 1 /. 3$. 9 per Cent, which were taken at the Exchequer, though the Pensions were never charged with such Fees, the Paymaster being re-imbursed for them in his Bill of Contingencies; and that those were deemed legal Fees received under the Authority of Parliament, anti were constantly taken without any Opposition, until, by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted on his Civil List Revenues, it was enacted, that the Payment of all Pensions should be transferred to the Exchequer, and that those which are so transferred should be subject to no Fees, except such Fees to which they were subject before the said Act; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Legislature, not knowing that the Gross Sums issued for paying the aforesaid Pensions were subject to Fees at the Exchequer, passed the said Clause, rather to prevent the Officers of the Exchequer from taking new Fees, than with an Intent to take away their ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Barons of the Exchequer; and, the Petitioners conceive it never was intended by the Legislature, at the Time that they were imposing a new and troublefeme Business upon the Offices of the Exchequer, instead of granting a new Fee (which those Officers neither expect nor desire) to deprive them of their ancient and legal Fees, to which they were entitled when this Service was performed by others; and that the Petitioners, having been but lately informed that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury could not afford them any Relief, were prevented from presenting a Vol. 41.

Petition to the House before the Time limited for receiving Petitions was elapsed, and crave the Indulgence of the House to present a Petition for such Relief as the House shall think fit to grant

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Duke of Newcastle, Earl of Hardwicke, Marquis of Buckingham, John Jeffreys Pratt, and Edward Roberts.

Then a Petition of his Grace Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor, Philip Earl of Hardwicke, George Nugent Marquis of Buckingham, the Honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Edward Roberts, Esquire, late Deputy to Sir Edward Walpole, late Clerk of the Pells, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary, the Barons of the Exchequer were required to present a Table of the ancient and legal Fees of the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, which was presented accordingly, by which Table the Barons allowed Fees to the Amount of nearly Five per Cent, to be taken upon all Pensions paid at the Exchequer, and Fees to the Amount of Two and a Half per Cent, to be taken upon all Money issued for Secret Service, assigning for a Reason, because many Pensions and Free Gifts were known to be paid out of Monies issued under that Head, which Pensions, had the Service been known, would have been subject to the larger Fees allowed by the Barons in the aforesaid Table; and these Pensions paid out of Monies issued for Secret Service have been constantly received without Fees at the Treasury, though the Grols Sums, out of which they were paid, were always charged with the Fees aforesaid, according to the Settlement of the Barons of the Exchequer under the Authority of Parliament; and that, at the Beginning of the present Century, an Office was instituted for the Payment of private Pensions, and the Fee3 upon such Pensions were reduced to 1/. 3 s.9 d.perCent. large Sums of Money were issued to this Office, and the Officers of the Exchequer always deducted from the Gross Sums, out of which such Pensions were paid, the aforesaid Fees, but the Pensions paid at that Office have not, of late Years, been charged with those Fees, the Paymaster being re-imbursed for them in his Bill of Contingencies delivered to the Treasury; and that those Fees were always deemed legal, and were invariably taken without any Objection, previously to the Act of the Twenty-second of George the Third, to enable His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted on the Civil List, by which it is enacted, that all Pensions should be transferred to the Exchequer, and that they should pay no Fees, except the Fees to which they were subject before that Act: Yet the Petitioners conceive, that it was not proposed by the Legislature to deprive the Officers of the Exchequer of their legal Fees, but that, on the contrary, they, in that Act, as well as by a subsequent Act, for the Regulation of the Offices in the Exchequer, refused to make any Alterations in the Fees or Emoluments to which the Officers of the Exchequer were legally entitled, during the Lives of the present Possessors; and that the Petitioners conceive, that it was supposed, when the Act of the Twenty-second of George the Third passed, that no Fees were ever received by the Officers of the Exchequer upon any of the aforesaid Pensions, and that under that Mistake the Clauses

v

Newfoundland Fisheries.

Southern

Whale

Fishery.

Expiring

La\r6.

i° Mali. A. 178 6 .

660

in Question were inserted, rather to prevent those Officers from extorting new Fees, than with any Design to deprive them of their ancient and legal Fees, for, as the Payment of those Pensions was transferred by that Act to the Exchequer, it might have afforded a Pretence for a Claim to additional Fees, if there had been no restrictive Clause; and that the Petitioners conceive, that it was not the Intention of the Legislature, at the Time that they were imposing a new and troublel’ome Duty upon the Officers of the Exchequer, instead of giving a new Fee for a great Increase. of Business (which those Officers neither expect nor desire) to deprive them of their ancient and legal Fees to which they were entitled, at the Time when the Trouble of paying those Pensions in Detail was performed by other Officers, who received a Compensation for this Service; and, the Petitioners conceive, that it may be doubtful whether, by the mere Words of the above-recited Act, their Right to thoi'e Fees be extinguished, but they chuse to throw themselves upon the Justice of the House, hoping that they will give them such Relief as in their Wisdom they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws respecting the Southern Whale Fishery.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had enquired accordingly and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read j and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, front any of His Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Fourth, Twelfth, and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder," which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Tenth, Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail " Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September, 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," Which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for importing " Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in " America, for a limited Time," which was to continue

in Force from the 24th Day of June 1764, for the Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Three Acts, made in the Sixth, Thirteenth, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June, 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for t( granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, " and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty‘s

" Colonies

2(5 Geo. III. i°

66 1;

" Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force

from the 24th Day of June 1764, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, " for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-second Years of His said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 2.5th Day of March 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit " the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this " Kingdom, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 20th Day of June 1775, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another A ft, made in the Twentieth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 20th Day of June 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed ou board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the lft Day of April 1779, and which, by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued until the lft Day of April 1786, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repeal-' ing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Allies, " Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, " and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, for a " limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of May 1783, and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 31st Day of May 178ft, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Fourth and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Fourth and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Builer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Third, Sixth,

Vol. 41.

Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Refined to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Sugar, consider of the Exportation of British refined Sugar to the Isle of Man, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they’ had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Gov. Gen. of obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, b*dia. with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal: And that Mr.

Henry Dundas, the Lord Mulgrace, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Original Plan and Estimate for re- Somerset building Somerset House, be laid before this House. House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Shipping and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Navigation, the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

8 F Resolved,

A. 1786

Carl i (to EledioR.

Charges again it Mr. Hading

66a 10 — a0

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfetf into the said Committee.

A Petition of John Christian, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, John Lowther, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that at the Poll taken upon the said Election before Richard Jackson, Mayor of the said City, the Returning Officer, a’ great Majority of legal Electors voted in Favour of the Petitioner, and many other legal Electors appeared and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the said Returning Officer, before and during the Time of taking the said Poll, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said John lowther, and rejected many legal Votes, which were duly tendered in Favour of the Petitioner, and received lb many illegal Votes for the said John Lowther, as to leave a Majority, upon the Face of the Poll, in Favour of the said John Lowther, under Colour whereof the said John Lowther was re* turned, although the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to be just.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the Eighteenth Day of this Instant May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Eighteenth," and inferring the Word " Twenty-fifth" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Eighteenth " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 18th Day of this Instant May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Act, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Eteftions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do rflue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of thie laid Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of ,t Bengal, was called in to the Bar, and, in Part, heard on the Matter of the several Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, on the Matter of the said Charges, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 2* die

Anno 26* Georgii III. H Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to a (ion whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Abbott* Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Aston, ,nclolul e otherwise Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, whole Property (as rated to the Land Tax) amounts to 15 and that the Whole of the Lands (so rated) entitled to such Right of Common, amounts to 32/. 16 s. and

that no Perl'on appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting certain Atherftone Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Inclosure-Township of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, was read the the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pefs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, Hockli/fc, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr. Rusliworth presented to the House, according to Newport.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, I. of Wight,

and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Stretts-and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and

Annoyances

26 Geo. III. 2® Mail

Saints Church, Newcastle pon Tyne.

Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Persons, Holders of Land, and Parishioners of and in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of All , in the Town and County of Newcastle upon Ty, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church or Chapel of the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry, called All Saints Church, in the said Town and County, is a very ancient Building, and by Length of Time is become ruinous, inso much that the Foundation of the greatest Part of tire Pillars and Walls which support the Roof, have lately lhrunk, and the same are now in such a decayed State, and incline lb far out of a perpendicular Line, that the said Church is become wholly unsafe to the Parishioners for the Celebration of Divine Service; and that the said Parishioners have lately cauled the Pillars and Roof to be supported by Buttresses and Props, to prevent the falling thereof, and, upon a partial Survey, in the Beginning of this present Year, it was thought practicable to take down Part of the said Pillars, Walls, and Roof, and to repair the fame, which prevented the Petitioners Application to the House in proper Time, but, upon a recent general Survey of the whole Fabrick of the said Church, by experienced Architects, it hath been found, that to repair the same would be wafting a large Sum of Money, without answering any effectual good Purpose, and therefore necessary to pull down the said Church, and either to re-build the same upon the Sciteof the present Church, or upon some other more commodious Place and Situation, in the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry; and that the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry is very large and extensive, and now become very populous, and it would tend greatly to the Comfort and pious Dispositions of the Inhabitants thereof, to have a new Church built as foot: as possible; and that the Church Yard of the said Church is too confined and finall for the Burial of the Dead, and to have the same enlarged would contribute much to the Health and Convenience of the said Parishioners: And therefore praying, That (considering the urgent Necessity of the Petitioners Application) Leave may be given to present a Petition to the House, for the Purpose of bringing in a Bill to enable the Owners of Land, and Parishioners of the fetid Parish or Parochial Chapelry, to take down the said present Church, and to build a new one upon the Scite of the fetid present Church, or upon some other Foundation, in a more commodious Place and Situation in the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry, and for that Purpose, and for the enlarging foe said Church Yard, and for making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Church Yard, to impower and enable foe said Owners of Land, and Parishioners, to purchase certain Houses and Lands for the Use and Convenience, and as Part and Parcel of the fetid intended new Church and Church Yard, the same to be vested in Trustees, in Trust for foe Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of foe particular Circumstances set forth in foe said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by foe said Minister, Churchwardens, and Parishioners of foe Parish or Parochial Chapelry of All Saints, in the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Then a Petition of foe Minister, Churchwardens, and several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the fevfcral other Persons, Holders of Land, and Parishioners of and in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of All Saints, in foe Town and

Vol. 41.

County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Church or Chapel of the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry, called All Saints Church, in the said Town and County, is a very ancient Building, and, by Length of Time, is bo-come ruinous, inso much that the Foundation of the greatest Part of the Pillars and Walls, which fopport the Roof, have lately lhrunk, and the same are now in such a decayed State, and incline so far out of a perpendicular Line, that the said Church is become wholly unsafe to the Parishioners for the Celebration of Divine Service; and that the Church Yafd of the said Church is too confined and finall for the Burial of the Dead, and to have foe same enlarged would contribute much to the Health and Convenience of the said Parishioners:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down and re-building the said Church of All Saints, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Church Yard, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as k shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley,

Mr. Duncombe, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, pilchard to whom the Petition of the principal Persons concerned Fishery. in the Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of themselves, and other Adventurers interested therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of foe laid Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where foe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, from the Testimony of Mr. Richard Lawrence. That the Distresses of those engaged in foe Pilchard Fishery, and alledged in the Petition, are real; that the Alleviation of those Dif-tresses is an Object of public Importance; and that the Relief deemed adequate to such Effect, is an additional Bounty on the Hogshead of Pilchards exported.

The House having referred to the Committee a Report of last Sessions, from a Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, Mr. Lawrence was questioned touching foe lame; and his Evidence corroborating each Circumstance and Statement in the Report alluded to, the Committee forbear a Repetition of such Matter as tends to elucidate the general Importance, Conduct, and State of the Pilchard Fisheries, under Impressions of the Accuracy of Evidence and complete Information, which were before the Committee iaft Year; and which, according to foe Ideas of the present Testimony, that Committee carefully and correctly availed themselves of — Your Committee referring to that Report, will therefore merely adduce such Particulars as are more especially in Point as to foe Matter of the Petition, or are new, as to foe general View of foe Subject.

It appears to your Committee, that in consequence of the Report of the Committee of last Sessions, a Bill passed, granting an additional Bounty, for One Year, of Two Shillings per Hogshead on Pilchards exported; but, from the Evidence now before your Committee, it is obvious, that the Fishery did not, in the Course of last Year, avail itself of such public

Assistance

Pilchard

Fiftiery.

664

Assistanceto an Amount proportionate even to the Charge of Attendance and Expence in obtaining the fame; partly from the Advancement of the Season, at the Period of passing the said Act, and partly from the Fishery not having been lo productive as usual. — The Fluctuation in this important Brauch of the British Fisheries is duly noticed in the Report referred to your Committee; but the present Evidence further testifies, to the Pilchard having never in his Time, that is for Twenty and more Years back, quitted, or rather been so rare on the Coast for so long a Time as the present; but that he has heard old People, now dead, assert, that the Filli had for some Years together, in a great Degree, forsaken their accustomed Roads, and then returned in such Quantities as might fully compensate the Fisherman for puft Disappointment — Mr. Laurence states the Average of the Filli caught, Ten Years back, at 30,000 Hogsheads Annually; and those caught and exported, for the last Ten Years, to be 20,000 Hogsheads; of which the Average of the last Five Years is only 9,000; and that the lait Season of 1785 produced only 4,500 Hogsheads. — Whether the Speculations or Hopes of the Fitliermen are well founded, your Committee pretend not to determine; but it seems that Fancy (perhaps the Creation of or fub-ordinate to Desire) traces the probable Extinction of the Times of Dearth, and looks to an approaching Season, as if in due periodical Vicissitude, a Season of returning Plenty and Success.

Whatever and however sanguine may be such Anticipation, the Spirit of Adventure seems utterly depressed by present Poverty and Debt. Under such Circumstances it may, at first Sight, appear extraordinary, that the Evidence should insist on the Competency of so small an additional Bounty as Two Shillings per Hogshead for the great Purposes of sustaining so great a Capital as embarked, of encouraging and of procuring Credit to the Adventurer, of inspiriting and of enabling those who were before poor and despondent, and in a Word, of reviving a decaying Fishery so important, and heretofore extensive, as that of the Pilchard.

It must be remembered, that Seven Shillings per Hogshead is the present Bounty given by Law, and that a Bounty which in and by itself is little, considered as an Addition, may be great — That Two Shillings alone would be a Bounty of no Consideration, but added to Seven Shillings, may render a Sum, heretofore inadequate, effective and complete. No Fisheries are generally and intrinsically productive to those engaged therein; the Fluctuations in Success may attach the sanguine and the enter prizing, through Views to the higher Years of the Average Returns; but those Returns have a general Level, and to that in Process of Experience the ordinary Trader resorts, and he therein anticipates the Calculation of how much he is to lose in how many Years, and how much is wanting, and how he is to be induced to a Continuance of Exertions in so unpromising and infructuous a Trade; his Inducements in the first Instance must be a Guarantee from Loss, and thereon is founded his Estimate of Bounties. As to Loss and Advantage, it may be stated that in this Branch of Commerce, more peculiarly than in any other, to save, is to gain — In Fisheries, often Commodities and Manufactures of far other Consideration than Fish are the great Objects, collateral in Fad, but primary in Importance: If the Bounty, for Instance, balances the Loss and Gain of a Vessel, as to the immediate Expences of catching Fish, and the Returns from those Fish, the Parties are in a certain Degree satisfied; the Sail Maker, the Ship Builder, the Ship's Husband, and a Variety of others, who are benefited in the Outfits, and engaged in the Concern, are satisfied if not Losers by that Concern,

03

A. 1786

because they arc Gainers in other Points of View. — a public Consideration, the Revenue has yet more thi a proportional Advantage, considering a Bounty of tl Legislature as analogous to the Merchants Advance, ai considering the Ship or Boat, and Outfits, as payii Duties, as supporting the Manufacturer, and as furnif ing the Seamen. Such seems to be the Foundation that Policy which has induced almost every Nation promote Fisheries at the Charge of Bounties. — Advertii to the Peculiarities which distinguish the Pilchard Trad from such Predilection for this Commodity in the Mar of the Mediterranean, as to draw with it a Demand f other British Staples, such as Tin and Leather, co ditionally on that of Fish forming a Proportion in tl Assortment of Cargo; it appears to your Committee, < Grounds of Reafouing above stated, that the Argumen in Favour of Bounties, perhaps apply more fully to tl Circumstances of the Pilchard Fishery, than of any othe

The Evidence are of Opinion, that an addition Bounty of Two Shillings, and granted for a Period 1 not less than Seven Years, would induce those wl are yet able so to do. to keep their Crafts and Seins 1 Sea; and further, would induce the Merchant and E: porter to foster the Hopes and Credit of the poorer Fill erman, by necessary Advances, so as to preclude the al solute Necessity he is at present under of declining tl Fishery, from not having wherewithal to repair his Stoc and to engage his Men, after so long and heavy Series 1 Loss.

On the fullest Consideration, your Committee recon mend to the House the Adoption of such Bounty; ar they think it more particularly their Duty so to do, froi Conviction that unless some immediate Encouragement given, the Fishery is on the Verge of irrecoverable D< cline; as, should the Defpondencv and Necessities so fi operate this one Year as to leave the Craft to decay, ar the Fishermen to emigrate (and to this Effect the prefei Evidence deposed) it is not the Shoal of Fish coming c the Coast, in this or in any future Season, which w again or suddenly make a Fishery. To keep up s Establishment, when so many new Rivals on the Sea and particularly in the Fisheries.. have started forth, mt be difficult, or at least maylrequire Attention; but aga to recover, or to form an Establishment, must not only I a Work of Difficulty, but of Time.

It may not be irrelevant to observe, that the Ev dence examined before your Committee not only appei equally respectable as to Character, and competent i to Experience, but that Mr. Laxvrence having son Time withdrawn his share of Capital from the Pilchai Fiftiery, that hidden Bias, that unconscious Partialit which may unwarily influence the Language and Op nions of the belt Men, respecting a Business in whi< they are deeply interested, cannot be said to apply 1 the Testimony on which your Committee found their pr sent Report.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon tl Table.

Ordered, That such a Nurtiber of Copies of the fa Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use < the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers residing within tl: County of Huntingdon, and the Borough of Huntingdon in the said County, was presented to the House, an read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehen if the Bill to repeal the restricting Clauses in tl Hawkers and Pedlars A6fc, passed last Session of Parlis ment, should pass into a Law, it would not only be ii jurious to the Petitioners, but to the whole Body 1 Retail Shopkeepers in Great Britain, by allowing a S of People to travel about with such Merchandizes ai

Article

20 Mali.

2 6 Geo. III. a0 Mali. 5

Articles in Trade, by the Sale of which the Petitioners now find great Difficulty to maintain themselves and Families, and to pay those large and very enormous 'luxes with which the Petitioners have of late been very much burthened, and which they are afraid they shall not be able to discharge with Ease and Comfort to themselves, if the above Clauses are repealed, as it will eventually prevent the Petitioners from felling such extraordinary Quanties of Goods, as might in tome Degree compensate for the Burthens already laid upon them, and which cannot, according to the Mode and Manner of Retail Business, be laid upon the Consumer; and that the Petitioners are convinced that no real Good can, in any Manner, arise to the Country by fullering such Itinerant Traders to travel about with Merchandize for Sale, but, on the contrary, tend to the great and manifest Injury of the Petitioners in many Respects, as well by depriving them of carrying on lb extensive a Trade as they otherwise might do, as by their insidious.Artifices and false Assertions, taking in the Ignorant and Unwary, by felling them damaged or inferior Goods, under Pretence of felling lower the Articles they deal in, than they are generally fold for by the Retail Shopkeepers in the Neighbourhood in which the Buyers live; and that the Petitioners were in Hopes that the restricting Clauses above-mentioned having passed into a Law so late as the last Session of Parliament, and the Legislature being at that Time thoroughly satisfied with their Propriety, no Attempt would have been made to repeal a Law so recently and solemnly made, a Law which the Petitioners trailed and believed would have put the Retail Trade of this Kingdom upon that fair and regular System that Consumers, instead of dealing with those Itinerant Traders, might have been supplied by the resident Shopkeepers of their Neighbourhood, the Succels of whose stationary Situation mull depend altogether upon the Faimeft of their Dealings, and the Preservation of their Characters, and who in fact bear by far the greater Burthen of the Taxes with which this Country is at present loaded: And therefore praying, That the House will not repeal the restricting Clauses named in the Hawkers and Pedlars Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for the Reasons above-mentioned.

Bawker* and A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Pt-diius. principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have of late observed, that many of the Hawkers and Pedlars in the said'County are much distressed in their Circumstances, and greatly ’ impeded in their lawful Employment, by the Effects of the late Act of Parliament, which bereaves them of tire Privileges of British Subjects; and the Petitioners believe the Hawkers and Pedlars, in general, to be an honest, ufefu), and industrious Body of Men, and great Promoters of Commerce: And therefore praying. That the House will grant them that Relief which wilFepable them, as formerly, to provide for themselves and their Dependents.

And the said Petitions wete severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal 1b much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to w His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, " Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Raveley An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and exchang-

Inclosure. fog the Open Fields, and other Lands, and Grounds, Vol. 41.

within the Parish of Raoeley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravcley, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Sampson Gideon reported from the Committee, to Coventry whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and render- c#nul-ing effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Honourable Charles Finch, on Behalf of himself and Charles and George his Infant Sons, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Car- Black friars riages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or Bridge, near The Circus in Saint George's , in the County of Surrey, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be" committed to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

a

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to st John, whom the Petition of the most principal Inhabitants and Southwark. Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Tyler, Esquire, being examined, said, That many great Disputes and Difficulties have arisen in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, respecting the Manner of ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates there; and that it would be highly advantageous if Powers were given to make an equal Pound Rate, for the Maintenance and Relief, and the better governing, regulating, and employing the Poor belonging to the Parish, who are very numerous, and maintained at a very great Expence, the Rates last Year being Five Shilling? in the Pound.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Henry Thornton and Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Weston Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, uP°n Trent

8 G and Inck>fur*-

666 2°Mail.

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dy, Mr. Minchin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cheilerfield A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Road*. A fits, made in the Twelfth and Thrity-first Years of

King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mun-dy, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Heage, &c. The House was moved. That the Report which Road. was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the County of Derby, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreion, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Shirland aforesaid, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Tow n of Higham, in the said County, to Stretton aforesaid, at or near the North End of the said Town of Higham, on the South Side of The Greyhound Inn, within the said Town, instead of the Road between Shirland and' , described in the said Bill; and also, for enabling the Trustees to amend and widen a Lane leading from the Dujfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, at a Place called

Hollow, to the South End of the Town of in

the said County, if, upon carrying the A fit into Execution, they shall judge it to be expedient to amend that Road, instead of the Road from Heage to the Lane leading to Pentridge, as described in the said Bill.

York to Kex- An ingro(Ted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-1®y®rid6e ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston-Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Griniston-Smithyaforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Afit, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston-Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from aforesaid to a certafn Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Galway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Nicholas, Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom Gloucester. the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Nicholas, in the City of Gloucester, and of others the Inhabitants of the said City was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had 06

direfited him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Church of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas is an ancient Building, projecting into the Street — That the Foundation thereof is greatly decayed, inso much that it is necessary to re-build the same — That it is proposed to take the same down, and to build a new Church near the Scite of the present Church, but so as that the same shall not projefit into the Street, which will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all Persons passing along the Street.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Parish Church of Nicholas, within the City of Gloucester, and for building a new Church within the said Parish, in a more convenient Situation:

And that Mr. Webb, Mr. Master, and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Berwick Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in ^clufure & the Parishes of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penrud-docke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Elections — Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- County mittee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, oters" upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elefitions, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherfoord, from Africa* the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Company. Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direfitions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1784 — The Account of the " Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under " its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1784 — 'Orders and Regulations And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Cursitor Baron’s Report."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thompson:

Mr. Speaker,

The I.ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mathlev for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Biclofurt. Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Moor Afit for dividing and inclosing a Common, and cer- M°nkto« tain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish llc,!UU'

of

Coogie I

Barlows

tliate.

Governor General of India.

Army

livings.

Governor

G eneral of India.

G.braltmr

Prizes.

26 Geo. IlL a® Mali

667

of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York j

with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of tins House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates in the Town and County of Southampton, deviled by the Will of Benjamin deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.]

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums which arose and were applicable to the Public undo: the Head of Army Savings, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1771, both inclusive, with the Amount in each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respefit to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Vox.. 41.

" An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

" an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing " the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and " Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty for " destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed " to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s " Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War " belonging to the Enemy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the w Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred Twenty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-two Pounds, and One Penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the R€fine<j Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Sugar, ferred to consider of the Exportation of British refined Sugar to the Isle of Man, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Exportation of British refined Sugar to the Isle of Man be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viscount for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, Gallway* intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Henry ate' William Arundell Viscount GaUway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Reduction of further Consideration the Report from the Committee of National the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting certain ^el)U Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Charges Hearing of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor again ii General of Bengal, on the Matter of the several Charges Mr. Hasting*, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was called in to the Bar, and further heard on the Matter of the said

Charges;

668 2 Ma 17$

Charges; and, having requested that he might have Permission to deliver in the Minutes from which he read what he had now offered to the House;

The said JVarrai Hastings, Esquire, was directed to withdraw;

Resolved, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be at Liberty, according to his Request, to deliver in the Minutes from which he read what he has now offered to the House upon the Matter of the said several Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him.

The said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was again called in to the Bar, and Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

Then the said Wai'ren Hastings, Esquire, having delivered in the said Minutes, the same were brought up to the Clerks Table.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the said Minutes were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Mr.Hastings* The MINUTES of what was offered by

Answer to Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor Gene-

Char6c^. ral of Bengal, at the Bar of the House of Com-

against im. mons, upon the Matter of the several Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, presented against him on the 4th, 12th, 26th, and 28th Days of April last.

Introduction.

Before I enter upon my General Defence, I humbly solicit the Indulgence of this Honourable House, to be permitted to preface it with a few necessary Observations relative to the Circumstances which have progressively conspired to make me an Object of the present Enquiry. In the First Place, I beg Leave to remark, that I am here by no Obtrulion of my own. I have too humble a Sense of my own Consequence, to consider either my Reputation, Honour, Fortune, or Life, or all these Interests cohesively, as having any Claim to the lmalleft Portion of the valuable Time of this House, on any Ground, however just in itself, which has these only for its ObjeS. I have been brought before the Notice of this Honourable House by the Acts of others, independant of my Will or Desire; and all the Participation which I have in it, is in the Request made by a Member of this House on my Behalf, and at my Suggestion, that since it was determined that my ConduS was to be arraigned before this Honourable House, my Arraignment might be speedy, and that I might have the Time and Means afforded me to provide the Materials for my Defence: For after having been,' during a Course of Five Years, the continued Subject of the same Criminations, and from the same Quarter, with the Name of the Almighty solemnly invoked to attest the Pledge given to this House that the most undoubted Proofs should be produced to authenticate them — I allude, Mr. Speaker, to no Declarations made in this House, but to Publications out of it — I may surely be allowed, even with a Conscious-ness of the purest Integrity, to wife for a speedy Accom-pliftiment of a Menace thus made, and for such professed Purposes; and that it might not hang the Denunciations of Parliamentary Vengeance over my Head for ever.

Of the first Effects of this Injury I have a Right to complain; for in these the Injury affected the Public alone, through their Interests committed to my Charge. During a long and desperate Struggle with an Accumulation of Difficulties, and a Hod of natural Enemies combined against our National Possessions in India, when I required all the Support and Confidence of my Superiors in the Parent State to give Effect to my Exertions,

all my Actions were reprobated at Home, and my N linked to the foulest Inve6tive, even in Places of highest Authority; and every Dispatch from Eng brought Orders opposing my Measures in their Co and the Sentences of my Disgrace and Dismission. these caused no Alteration in my Conduct, or Rel tion of my Zeal for a Service in which my Labours met so ill a Requital, except from my respect Constituents, in whose Applause alone I received a ( solation under all my Discouragements. I steal pursued that Line which my Sense of Duty had scribed; and sometimes availing myself of the transi Moments of Power which the Hand of God affoi me, at others using the Resistance which the Influi of Possession or Opinion enabled me to make, or Caution of Opposition permitted; or endeavouring temper its Violence by qualified Submission, where Means of Resistance failed me; never possessing Allowance of Authority, but always charged 1 Responsibility; I persisted in the Formation and ] fecution of every Measure, which the Emergency of Service rendered necessary in my Judgment, and the conscious Triumph of seeing them all invarij terminate in their designed Objects: Nor did I re my Charge, until I had fulfilled every Duty which quired my Continuation in it; and 1 resigned it i State of established Peace and Security, with all Sources of its Abundance unimpaired, and even proved, notwithstanding the vast Drains which m made of its Treasures, and the multiplied Diversions its Strength, in the Support of the dependant and reir Possessions of the Company, and in the Maintenano their Wars, and of Wars in which the Company w involved by the Policy of Great Britain. I pai from the Scene of my public Life with the expre Regrets of my Fellow Servants and Countrymen; wt were followed by a like Declaration frQm all the C cers of the Army w ho had served during my Adminif tion; and on my Return to my own Country, I received by the Court of Directors, my immed Masters, with their Thanks; and I gratefully remem the Chairman's emphatical Pause on the Epithet wf was joined to them, their Unanimous Thanks, for Services; with a Notification of those which had b feme Time before bestowed on me by the Votes of Proprietors, my honoured Employers, which were the less acceptable for their Consistency with the unift Tenor of their Sentiments and Condu6t respecting through the whole Course of my Administration. this Honourable House is desirous of knowing in w Estimation I stood with the Princes and Rulers of In and with the Subjects of our own Dominion, the C nions of both may be easily obtained, by Enquiry the Witnesses whom my Prosecutor has called to eft lish his Charges against me: And I will anticipate tl Evidence — It will tiate, that my Political Conduct 1 invariably regulated by Truth, Justice, and Good Fa that all Persuasions of Men were impressed with a fef ftitous Belief, that a fortunate Influence directed all Actions to their destined Ends; and that my Depart was scarcely less regretted by the Inhabitants of Provinces of my late Dependency, than it was by own Countrymen. I believe this Honourable Houli in Pofiession of One Testimony of the former, in Letters which Madajee Sindia wrote to His Most G cious Majesty, and to the Company. These w written many Months after my Departure, and cont much more of my Praise than his own Wants or Req fitions, unless the former is inserted as an Implication his Desire that others may be instructed to govern the selves by my Example: — And who will question feet Authority ?

With such Testimonies in my Favour, and with

intei

26 Geo. III. 2° Mali.

internal Applause of my own Mind superseding all Evidence, what was my Surprize to find, on my Arrival in England, that my Character still continued to be

afiailed with the bitterest Calumnies and Invectives, and a formal Notice given, before the Close of the last Session of Parliament, to this Honourable House, that I should be arraigned as a Criminal before it on the Opening of the present ?

I am since told that no such Intention existed; and that my own Intemperance, -and the Zeal of my Friends, has forced my Accuser to verify his own Declaration.

I have no Right to credit such an Assertion, nor will I believe, new and unpractised as I am in the Modes of Life in which I am now become a Participator (and I have learnt by it to know more Things than were dreamt of in my Philosophy) that so daring an Imposition could be either practised upon this high and dignified Assembly, or permitted by it. Though I might have thought myself entitled by my Services to a different Reception, and my Body and Mind, worn down by the Labours of Thirty-five Years, to an Interval of Repose; and though I might erroneously imagine that no Power upon Earth had a Right to impeach me for the Exercise of a Trull which those for whom I held it had repeatedly declared, and in the moil authentic Terms, that I had discharged to their Benefit and entire Satisfaction; yet I was glad to fee some fub-flantial Ground on which I could build my Hopes of a speedy Trial and definite Termination. There too my Expectation failed me. The Prosecution began, not as is the universal Practice of every System of Jurisprudence established either in this or any other civilized Nation, by the Introduction of specific Charges, and the Examination of Witnesses to prove them: For the latter indeed there was little Need, since my Accuser had long before asserted, that he was in the actual Possession of Proofs, and of such Proofs as were to fill the Breasts of this Honourable Assembly with Horror. Why therefore aggravate them with new Proofs? But Witnesses were ordered to attend, and Reams of Official Documents demanded, produced, and printed; Additions were daily made to these during the Courl'e of many Weeks; and the Eyes of the World were fixed upon me as a Man blackened by the Imputation of feme unknown Guilt, which was the blacker for its Concealment. No Grounds were alledged for the Accumulation of such a Mass of Evidence against me; no specific Objects to which it was to be applied; nor was it known to this Honourable House, perhaps not even to that Member of the House who had required these Materials, what the Charges were to be, which he was to establish by them.

At Length I heard that a Day was fixed for the Production of the Charges; but here too I experienced a fresh Cause of Disappointment and Mortification. Three Weeks were assigned for the Term of their Appearance; and when that Term expired, this Honourable House knows (for £ may not perhaps affirm what I have heard) whether even then any of the Charges were presented, and whether, when they were presented, they were optionally given.

In all this long and painful Interval I myself, though the Object of the Enquiry, remained in total Inaction, a mere Spectator of the passing Scene; for I knew not, nor could I know, what Defence to prepare, not knowing what Charges were to require my Defence. And when tliev were produced, I was told that I could not be admitted to my Defence, because, by the Rules of the House, I could not know the Charges exhibited against me, nor that any had been exhibited; nor indeed were all exhibited at the same Time, but followed tardily, and the Three last (if indeed those are the last) not till last Wednesday. But

VrOL. 41.

though it might be informal in me to know the Charges, Mr. Hastings’ the Public are certainly in Possession of all but the Answer to Three last, for they have been printed and publicly fold, CharPej‘. and Purchasers invited, by an Advertisement made in a*aml ini' all the public Papers, which stated them " Articles of " Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors" against me by Name, and the Name of my Accuser inserted by a Construction marking him not as the Presenter of the Charge, but as the Publisher of it. How much my Reputation mufl have suffered in the Opinion of all Mankind from this Publication; how severely my Feelings must have been wounded by so unfair and iniquitous an Appeal to their Judgment, while the Charge itself, loaded as it was with Crimination against me, yet waited its flow Term of Maturity for the Examination of it before its allotted Judges, I leave to the Decision of every Member of this Honourable House, who will bring the Question home to his own Judgment and his own Passions, by supposing that same to be his own which I have described as mine.

Nor is this the only Injury of the Kind that I have suffered. Every Daily Paper has teemed with Reflections upon me; and Pamphlets, filled with the most scandalous and libellous Abuse, have been written on various Subjects of the Charge, to influence the Prejudices of the Public against me; and it has been boasted that they have produced the Effect.

Pressed by the Load of Slander thus heaped upon me, I resolved to try the only Resource which afforded me a Chance of Red refs; and in Opposition to many and weighty Discouragements, I threw myself upon the Justice of this Honourable House, and petitioned to lie allowed to make my Defence in Person, — and I succeeded. Whether I owe this Indulgence to your Goodness, or your Justice, I accept it with equal Gratitude.

Of the Discouragements to which I allude, I shall mention but Two Points; and these it is incumbent on me to mention, because they relate to Effects, which the Justice of this Honourable House may, and I trust will, avert. The First is an Objection to my being at all Personally committed in my Defence, since in so wide a Field of Discussion it would be impossible not to admit feme Things of which an Advantage might be taken to turn them into Evidence against myself: Whereas another might as well use as I could, or better, the same Materials of my Defence, without involving me in the same Consequences. But I am sure that this Honourable House will yield me its Protection against the Cavils of unwarranted Inference; and if the Truth can tend to convict me, I am content to be myself' the Channel to convey it.

The other Objection lay in my own Breast. It was not till Monday last that 1 formed the Resolution; and I knew not then whether I might not in Consequence be laid under the Obligation of preparing and completing in Five Days, and in Effect so it as proved, the Refutation of Charges which it has been the Labour of my Accuser, armed with all the Powers of Parliament, and at One Time greater, to compile during as many Years of almost undisturbed Leisure.

But I knew myself equal to the Undertaking; and I now only revert to my Difficulties, that the Consideration of them may bespeak the candid Allowance of this Honourable House for any Inaccuracies, or for any Thing defective which may appear in my Defence; but I claim no other Indulgence on this Account.

It might perhaps be expected, that I should object to the Construction of the Articles of which the Charge is composed; for, in Truth, they are not Charges, but Histories and Comments. But they are yet more; they are made up of mutilated Quotations; — of Facts which have no mutual Relation, but are forced by false Arrangement into Connection; —

8 H of

Mr. flattings* <Anf\ver to Charges against him.

670 2° Mau. A. 1768-

of Principles of pernicious Policy and false Morality; — Assertions of Guilt without Proof, or the Attempt to prove them; — Interpretations of secret Motives and Designs which passed within my own Breast, and which none but mylelt could know: — Actions of others imputed to me, in which I had no Concern, or which passed in Opposition to me; — and Epithets and Invectives affixed to ACb ascribed to me, equally to those which in the Construction are bad, as to those which are indifferent, or even meritorious.

These are Artifices by which the most wary Judgment might be surprized, that had nothing before it to repel their Effects, but which on the Touch of Truth disappcar, and leave, not merely the Conviction of their own Fallacy, but the strong internal Presumption that the Charges themselves were formed under the Conviction of their Want of Foundation; and, as for as my Feelings as a Man will allow me to consider them in that Tendency only, I am glad that they wear the Form which they do wear.

With respect to the general Subject of the Charge,

T mult beg Leave to observe to this Honourable Houlb, that it has been composed from a laboured Scrutiny of my whole Official Life, during a most important and weighty Administration of Thirteen Years, comprehending perhaps a greater Variety of interesting Events than have fallen to the Lot of any Man now living: Events not brought to the public View by their Notoriety alone, but all the Subjects of minute Record; — Measures proposed, with all their Motives and Objects distinctly laid down in Writing, with their Effects displayed by Letters and Official Reports through every Process of their Operation 5 — opposed by every Objection, and those too written, that the Judgment or Ingenuity of my Colleagues in Office, among whom I had always Opponents, could devise; — at Times weakened, at others lufpended, and again resumed with their Effect enfeebled; but my own Responsibility still attending their Issue. Yet all my Afifions have undergone, and even during the actual Progress of them, they underwent, such a Severity of lnvefiigation, as could suit only a Mind possessing in itself an absolute Exemption from Error. In the present Occasion I am put to a harder Test; for not my Actions alone, but my Words, and even my imputed Thoughts, as at the final Day of Judgment, are wrested into Accul'ations against me. And from whom is this State of Perfection exacted ? from a Man who was l’eparated, while yet but a School Boy, from his native Country, and from every Advantage of that Instruction which might have better qualified him for the high Offices, and arduous Situations, which it became his Lot to fill, and left to form his Rule of Conduct on his own Practice, and the Light of such an Understanding as it had pleated God to bestow on him.

I pals over the First Years of my Life. — These no otherwise relate to the present Purpose, than as they recommended me successively to the Succession of the Government of Fort St. Geor, to the Government of Fort William, and virtually to all the Appointments

which have since followed.

I received the Government of Bengal with Incumbrances, which might have intimidated a firmer Spirit than mine; and I felt the perilous Situation in which it placed me.

I found myself the titular Head of a numerous, and not always accordant, Council, appointed to manage the Affairs of a great State, which yet wore the Marks of recent Acquisition; but had neither a determinate Form nor System, nor any Orders or Instructions which could enable them to give it either.

I attempted, and with the Aids of my Colleagues, w here I was allowed them, I gave it both Form and System; for every Office into which it was distributed,

to the Time of my Departure, received its Institution during the Period of my Administration, and all the Transactions of it have, except the First Two Years of the General Government, in some Part of their Progress, received their Direction from my Guidance. — Yet in every Step I had Difficulties to lurmount, which are unknown to the Rulers and Ministers of other Governments. Besides the Conciliation of difeordant Opinions, and their more frequently confirmed Opposition, I had my Couduct circurascribed by Orders which would apply to few of the Cafes which occurred, and those Orders uncertain in the Construction.

I beg Leave to extend this Reflection. During the long Exercise of a Charge so constituted, and with such Exigencies attending it, how, may I alk, was it possible to keep Affairs in one even Line, or to avoid Contradictions both in Measures and Expressions? At feme Times Affairs were forced into a Direction diametrically opposite to my Views, by the Power of a Majority; Ibmetimes they received their Bias from my being obliged to submit to the Opinions of those on whom I depended for Support: And whenever the Course of Business was thus diverted from the strait Line, it was often difficult to bring it back, without some Degree of Irregularity, of Violence, or of general Inconliftency.

Where I fullered them to proceed in that devious Line, I am charged with pursuing Measures which my own Opinions have condemned; where I attempted to restore them to their proper Channel, I am accused of Innovations. Many Measures, which it would be now difficult to explain from written Documents, were founded on Circumstances of such Notoriety, that no one could doubt their Propriety at the Time, and no one ever thought it necessary to record the Reasons, or to establish the Proofs of Facts and Events, which were then certain, and universally admitted.

The Minister of this Empire (if I may compare great Things with small) had, in the various Emergencies of his Administration, the learned Judges of the Land, General Officers of the first Authority, and Experience, and the Merchants of the greatest Commercial City in the World, to whom he might apply, and whole Opinions he might command, on every doubtful Question, whether of Law, Military Operation, Trade, or Finance. — He could not err.

I possessed no such professional Aide, but had. only my own Mind for my Resources, and Minds as little instrucled as my own to assist me, and to be the In-tiruments of my Measures.

That this Description of my Situation may not be imputed to me as the Invention of Difficulties made up for the Occasion, I beg Leave to appeal to the following Extract of a Letter which I wrote to the Court of Directors so early as the 11th November 1773, which was before I knew of the Formation of the new System for the Government of India.

Paragraph 4. " May I be. permitted, in all De-

" ference and Submiffiom to your Commands, to offer " it as my. Opinion, that whatever may have been the " Conduct of Individuals, or even of the collective " Members of your former Administrations, the " Blame is not so much imputable to them, as to the " Want of a Principle of Government adequate to " its Substance, and a coercive Power to enforce it? " The Extent of Bengal, and its possible Resources, " are equal to those of most States in Europe. Its

" Difficulties are greater than those of any; because

" it wants both an established Form and Powers of " Government; deriving its actual Support from the " unremitted Labour and Personal Exertion of Individuals in Power, instead of the vital Influence " which flows through the Channels of a regular " Constitution, and imperceptibly animates every Part of it. Our Constitution is no where to be

" traced,

26 Geo. III. a° M611

" traced, but in ancient Charters, which were framed " for the Jurisdiction of your Trading Settlements, the " Sales of your Exports, and the Provision of your Annual Investment. I need not observe how incompetent " these must prove for the Government of a great Kingdom, and for the Preservation of its Riches from " private Violence and Embezzlement."

I will content myself with this Quotation in this Place; though I could wish that the whole Letter were attentively perused, as it is strongly expressive of the Difficulties and Embarrassments of my late Situation in India. To what I have foid let me add, that in a newly-established Government many Occasions will constantly occur, which can be regulated by no Precedent; and even the Uncertainty of the Confthution, and the unknown Limits of the Authority belonging to its various Branches, will often provoke Resistance, and produce Events, which never could happen under a Government long established, and with its Powers clearly defined, and universally understood.

Under such Circumstances I humbly apprehend, that since it is not, as I have said, the Lot of human Nature to be exempt from Error, fbme notorious Calamity, affecting the Interel'ts of which I had Charge, or some well-ascertained Ground of Corruption, or other moral Deviation from my Duty, the Loss of National Reputation, or of fobftantial Property, ought to have appeared, before I became the Subject of a Parliamentary Impeachment. But what Losses has the Nation fui-tained through my Mismanagement? Have Provinces been dilmembered from it? Have its Armies been defeated in Operations of my Formation? or War or Famine wasted the Countries of my Jurisdiction ? — No: The Reverse has been the Attendant of my Fortune in every Stage of it; and lb little Ground have I afforded, from the Notoriety of my Character, for such an Inquisition into it, that I dare affirm that I stand, even at this Hour (notwithstanding the Prejudices excited against me) as high in the Estimation of the World; I mean not to confine the Assertion to this Kingdom alone, as any Man of my own Rank and Pretensions in it.

Yet I mean not to avail myself of this Plea. I assert my general Claim to the Approbation of this Honourable House, and of my Country, for my Services; but I neither desire, nor will admit, of their being placed in Balance against my Faults, if I have Faults to stand in Opposition to them.

I entreat the House, that each Article of the Charge may be distinctly tried, and that they will be pleased to give their Sentence upon each.

Aufiver to the First Charge.

Ronilla' War.

The First Charge begins- by stating, " That the " Court of Directors of the East India Company, from " a just Sense of the Danger and Odium incident to " the Extension of their Conqjiefts in the East " and from an Experience of the Dilbrders and corrupt Practices which Intrigues and Negociations " to bring about Resolutions among the Country " Powers had produced, did pofttively and repeatedly " direct their Servants in Bengal not to engage in any " offensive War whatsoever. That the said Court *f laid it down as an invariable Maxim, ought

" ever to be maintained, that they, were to ovoid taking

" Part in the Political Schemes of any of the Countty Princes; and did in particular order and direct that " they should not engage with a certain Prince called " Shuja al Dowla, Nabob of and Vizier of the

Vo l. 41.

" Empire, in any Operations beyond certain Limits in Mr. Hafur.gs’ " the said Orders specially described.'’ Answc-r u>

To this 1 reply, That it is not true, in the Terms hiin.

stated in the Charge, that the Court of Directors did " positively" direct their Servants in Bengal not to engage in any offensive War " whatsoever; " and " that they " did in particular order and direct that they should not " engage with the Nabob Shtija Dowla in any Operation beyond certain " Limits" in the said Orders specially describedif by the Term " Limits" are meant either Boundaries of Territory, or any Re ft riel ion of Operations relative to the Rohella War, which is the only Subject on which such Orders can be applicable to the present Charge.

The several Letters from the Court of Directors, to which References are made in the Margin of this Part of the Charge, as Documents or Evidences of the Assertion contained in it, prohibit the Government of Bengal " to " march any Part of their Army " for the Purpose of " escorting the King to Deh/y," or to engage in any Plan of Alliance for " establishing a Balance of Power" among the Chiefs of India; or " to take the Part of " Umpires in Hindostan;" with a Caution to "avoid " taking Part in any of the Political Schemes of any of " the Country Princesor " to assist Shuja Dowla in " any ambitious Views of his." And the Reasons, where-ever Reasons are assigned, for these Prohibitions, are not the Odium and Corruption imputable to the contrary Practice, but the Inutility and Expence of offensive Military Operations, and the Uncertainty of their Extent and Duration.

But neither are the Prohibitions stated even in these References as " positivefor in one Place they say:

" You will observe, by the whole Tenor of these Dispatches, that our Views are not to enter into of-

" fenfive Wars in India;" that is to say, such are our

general Wishes in all Cases which will admit of the correspondent Practice. And in another Letter, which was expressly written upon the general Subject, having, and as it appears most jufdy, expressed their Disapprobation of a Brigade of their Forces being stationed at Illahabad, in which (hey were originally placed for Purposes of remote H'oftility, they add this remarkable Qualification of it: "Positive Orders upon " this Head we cannot give you, because you must " undoubtedly aft according to the Emergency of

" Affairs."

There are other Passages in the Letters of the

Court of DirectOrs to their Servants in Bengal, which allow of a Dispensation from their general Rule; and some which even prescribe, in express Terms, a Deviation from it. — The following are Instances of both:

General Letter to Bengal, dated 28th August 1771. 5th Report, — " But the Conduct of the Rohellas and Jauts is Arp-N" '

" rather a Matter of Concern than Surprize to us, as " the King and Shuja Dowla neglected the Occasion " to unite with those Powers effectually to repel the " common Disturbers of the Empire, and confine " them within the Limits of their former Posses(ions. To whatever Causes this general Timidity " or Supineness may have been owing, we Jind " selves equally affected, and the Tranquillity of the " Provinces endangered thereby; but as the Projects " of the King, or the Conduct of the Vizier, are at " present too mysterious for us to decide on the " Motives of their Inactivity, and as we know not " what Alliances may be formed to justify us in carlying our Arms beyond the Bounds of their Dominions,

"we are prevented from propoling any precise Plau

" for your Guidance in this Respect. But should

" your subsequent Advices enable us to form a more

" certain Judgment of the Expediency of departing

672

k0

Mali.

A. 1786.

Mr. Raftings* iC Answer to c< Charges. against him. (t

from the Plan zee hare laid down, we shall communi- It is sufficient, in such Compositions, that the Opi-cate to you, by fouie early Conveyance, haw Jar we nions of the Whole are materially the fame, it being max/ be disposed to carry our Anns beyond the Bounds impossible that they should be exactly the same in ail of the Provinces, or the Territories of our Allies, and Cafes, or in any Cafes of Magnitude, especially such as

1 .1 Tt nr* rrr it 1 \r__ _C J __________ HP_ _ n,f 1

5th Report, App. N" it.

" become the Parties in an offensive War.

In this Extract the Policy of the Court of Directors is marked in its full Extent: namely, — That they generally disapprove, and wish to avoid offensive Wars; but that where their Interests are threatened with Danger, either immediate, or remote and eventual, by the Designs of other Powers, they approve, and even pre-l'cribe, a Deviation from their general Maxim. The same Principle, with the same Exceptions, is as strongly, and (may I say it ?) most judiciously displayed, in the following Extract of their General Letter of t June 1769:

" We esteem ourselves bound by Treaty to protest " the King’s Person, and to secure to him the Pofsession of the Korah and Illahabad Didrifts. When " we wrote, the 11th Novet?iber 1768, we apprehended " the Consequences of keeping the Brigade at Illahabad " would be creating in Shuja Dtnvla a Jealously that " would involve us in fresh Troubles, having at that " Time no Cause to esteem him an Enemy; but, im-

in

U

involve a Variety of Considerations. To the Mode in which the above Extracts are worded, I particularly ob-jest; because the Sentiments which they contain are expressed as if they were especially and primarily my Own, and only adopted by the other Members of the Board Concurrence with me. With respect to their " unanimous Concurrence," though this is printed in Italics, which leems to be an Indication of positive Assertion, I beg leave to express my Doubts of it, having endeavoured to trace it without Success, in the Records to the 30th which I have had recent Access, and my own Memory rejecting it.

Having premised these Exceptions, I proceed to declare, most chearfully and unreservedly, that I avow the Principle ascribed to my Declarations; and make no Doubt, that wherever I have had Occasion to repeat them, my Words have accorded invariably, and at all Periods of Time, with my general Sentiments, which were and are an Abhorrence of offensive Wars, under-

taken on the exclusive Principles of Ambition, Profit, or pressed as you were, with the Opinion of his hostile Policy. But I will also avow, that I would, without " Intentions and growing Strength, at the Time of the Scruple, engage in an offensive War for the Sake of reDispatch of the Valentine, we shall not blame your taliating an Injury actually done, or of meeting the certain " Caution for deferring the Execution of our Orders Intention of it.

" for its Removal; nor thall we at this Time attempt to I cannot better or more fully express my Sense of this " give positive Directions for your Conduct, which, in Principle, than in the following Words, extracted from " such critical Cases, ought seldom to be done, and in an Address to the Court of Directors, written upwards " which the Situation of Affairs may be varied byun- of Twelve Years ago, upon the Subject of the present " foreseen Events, at the very Moment we are writing: Charge; and therefore crave Leave to quote it, as it " But having given you, with as much Precision as pof- stands in the Records of this Honourable House.

fible, & general View of the System by which we wish " to fee our Affairs regulated, we muff leave it to " you to improve, to the utmost of your Power, every " Opportunity of drawing towards that Point; and " whenever you think yourselves obliged, for our " curity, upon emergent Occasions, to adopt Measures " of a contrary Tendency, you are to give us very full " Real’ons for such a Deviation, and endeavour to return " to the Path we have marked out as soon as Circumstances will admit"

Hence it is demonstrated, that the Orders of the Company generally forbad offensive Wars; but authorized, and even enjoined them, under certain Circumstances of Exception from the general Rule.

The Charge proceeds to state, that I joined with other Members of the Council, in declaring their Approbation of the Policy of the Company’s Orders: That " I " adopted them with Sincerity and Satisfaction; and that " I was too well aware of the ruinous Tendency of all " Schemes of Conquest ever to adopt them, or ever to " depart from the absolute Line of Self Defence, unless impelled to it by the most obvious Necessity of the Circumstances:" That I repeated this Declaration to the Court of Directors, and added a solemn Promise, " with " the unanimous Concurrence of the whole Council, that " no Object or Consideration should either tempt or compel me to pals the Political Line which they (the Directors) had laid down for my Operations with the " Vizier; assuring the Court of Directors, that I scarce " saw a possible Advantage which could compensate the " Hazard and Expence to be incurred by a contrary " Conduct."

an.

[erv-

" I hope I shall stand acquitted in the Breasts of all 5th Rep°frtt’be " reasonable Men, for maintaining the Opinions quoted Go"UGenerai, " against me in the Conclusion of this Paragraph *; dated wj " but I adopt it, even in the Words of my Oppo- I7,75’

" nents; and if I am the Chief of a great State, alluded " to by them, I shall be always ready to profel's,

" that* I do reckon the probable Acquisition of Wealth

" among my Reasons for taking up Arms against my " Neighbours. I never, in any Period of my Life,

" though long engaged in public Affairs, gave my Consent for taking up Arms in an unjust Cause; and I " never shall, but in Cafes of very notorious Enormity,

" give my Consent to take up Arms in an unprofitable " One."

I prelume, that the Principle which I have thus stated will be approved by the Judgments of all rational Men, as it is strictly conformable to the Practice of all States in all Ages. Wretched and contemptible indeed would be the Condition of that Government which should preclude itself from contracting Alliances or other Engagements with Foreign States, and invite the Attacks of its less principled Neighbours, by establishing it as a Rule of fixed and invariable Policy, never to commit Hostilities but in the immediate Refifiance of actual Invasion; and equally irreconcileable with the common Sense of Mankind would be that Policy, wdiich should restrict the Effects of a jult War to the Chastisement of Wrong, and reject every Advantage acquired by it.

I have been thus minute in my Examination of the Two First Parts of the Charge, for the necessary Purpose of establishing the first Principle on which my Justification

Before I reply to this Paragraph, I shall humbly lay rested, whether as a Rule of Conduct prescribed by Au-my Claim to object, in every Instance in which they thority, or an Obligation of inherent Duty. From the shall be made, to Inferences drawn from particular Ex- rest of the Charge, I shall content myself with selecting prefiions of a General Letter, containing my joint Sub- the Positions which appear as Points of Crimination icription with others. against me, and reply to them dil'tinftly.

Note. The Paragraph alluded to is Part of a Letter of General Clavering, Colonel Monson, and Mr. Francis, to the Court of Pireders, dated 30th November 1774, in these Words: " We doubt whether there ever was an Example of the Chief of a great State " piofelhng to reckon the probable Acquisition of Wealth among his Reasons for taking up Arms against his Neighbours."

I shall

26 Geo. III. 20

I shall first enumerate them in the Order in which they occur.

id. That the Rohellas are a Nation.

2d. That I entered into an Engagement for their Extirpation.

3d. That the Company had never received, nor pretended to receive or, apprehend, any Injury what-ioever from the Rohellas.

4th. That the Nabob Shttja Dowla never complained of an Aggression or Act of Hostility, nor pretended a distinct Caul'e of Quarrel, other than the Non-payment of a Sum of Money in Dispute between him and that People.

5th. That the East LuUa Company were not Parties to the Engagement, or Guarantees thereof, nor bound by any Obligations whatever to enforce the Execution of it

6th. That I did not make Enquiry, nor give Notice, nor offer Mediation, &c.

7th. But that I did stimulate the Nabob of to the Enterprize.

8th. That I obliged him to accept even the Permission to relinquish the Execution of it as a Favour, and to make Concessions for it.

9th. That the Engagement was verbal, and not bound by a written Treaty.

10th. That I confessed that I spoke the Language imperfectly, and nevertheless made no Use of

an Interpreter.

11th. That I proposed the Acquisition of Forty Lacks of Rupees for the Company.

12th. That I transgressed the Instructions. of the Council, by transgressing the Company’s Orders, to which their Power had restricted me.

13th. That I suppressed the Information of the Agreement originally made with the Nabob Shuja Dowla, in the Letter which I wrote to the Court of Directors from Benaris, advising them of the Treaty concluded with the said Nabob on other Subjects.

14th. That I entered a false Report of the Transaction in the Council Books, by representing that the Nabob had indeed proposed the Design, but that I was pleased that he urged the Scheme of the Expedition no farther, when in Reality and Truth I had consented to it

15th. That I and the Council engaged in the Enterprize, under Circumstances of uncommon Respon-fibility and Personal Hazard.

16th. That no Part of the Money due for the Rohella War was recovered, till after the Establishment of the new Government in Bengaland that the Whole remains in Effect and Substance unpaid to this Day.

17th. That the Nabob Shuja Dowla committed great Acts of Cruelty and Inhumanity in the Profecu-tiou of the War, and in the Abuse made of his Victory; that he violated a Princess of great Rank, and other Women, and that I abetted him therein; that eminent Families were either cut off or banished, their Wives and Children ruined, and the Country laid waste and depopulated.

18th. That I disobeyed a Standing Order of the Court of Directors, first, by not producing all my Correspondence with Mr. Middleton, the Resident at Owd, and with Colonel Champion, the Commander in Chief of the Army employed in the Rohella War, to the Se-left Committee; and, secondly, by refusing to produce the same to the Majority of the Council.

191b. That I arrogated to myself dangerous Powers, by afierting that Mr. Middleton, the public Resident at Owd, was my Official Agent, and that, being such, I was not obliged to communicate his Correspondence.

20th. That the Court of Directors, and afterwards the General Court of Proprietors, " did unanimously " condemn (along with my Conduct relative to the " Rohella Treaty and War) my Refusal to communi-Vol. 41.

Maii. 67 3

" cate my whole Correspondence with Mr. Middleton Mr. tradings’ " to the Council; yet that I have never yet communicated Answer to " the Whole of my Correspondence either to the Cover- Char|*Lnor General and Council, or to the Court of Direc- a8<un im* " tors."

To these I shall briefly and distinctly reply.

Ift. That the Rohellas are a Nation.

It is a Fast of Notoriety, and has been proved by Examinations which were taken at the Board of Fort William, in December 1774, and inserted in the Reports before this Honourable House, that the Rohellas are not a Nation, but a Body of Foreign Adventurers, who made themselves Mailers of the Country to which they have since given their Name; and even the last Government of it was an Usurpation oh the First Uforpation.

lid. That I entered into an Engagement for their Extirpation.

Much Declamation has been used upon this Word, until its original Sense has been loft in the Colourings which have been given to it. Yet I avow the Word, and the Design attributed to it. It was the professed Intention of the Nabob Shuja , and of dourse

mine, as connected with it, to extirpate the Rohellas, that is, " to expel or remove them from the Country " which they occupied, without suffering the smallest " Vestige of their Power to remain in it In this " Sense I did most certainly agree to assist the Vizier,

" and so did the late President and Council; nor can " I conceive how the War could have been undertaken " with any other Object." These Words I borrow from my Minute in Council, dated the nth January 1775. I will add, what Immediately follows in the same 'Minute, as a Reply both to this and the preceding Article. " The Majority know, as well as " myself ;that the Rohellas are not the People of the " Country, but a military Tribe, who conquered it,

" and quartered themselves upon the People, without " following any Profession but that of, Arms, or mixing in any Relation with the Native Inhabitants. I " have already described the Nature of this Tribe in,

" the Ninth Paragraph of my Observations on the " First Letter of the Majority j and the same Account " of them has been given by Colonel Leslie and Ma-.

" jor Hannay, and, if I mistake not, by Colonel pion himself, in their Examination taken before the " Board on the 19th and 28th of December. Major " Hannays Words are remarkable; I beg leave to

" quote them; I have learned from many People, that " it is only within 50 Years that the Rohellas are become " Masters of the Country to the North of the Ganges;

" that they were originally Afghans, came into Hindostan " under a Sirdar, named Daood Cawn, and that they con-

" quered that Country from the Hindoos, and that since

that Time they have followed no other Profession than " that of Arms, and the ancient Hindoos have cultivated " the Country. The Rohellas are Mussulman, of the " Sect of Omar, and the Cultivators of the Country are " Hindoos. I suppose the Proportion to be about Nine " Hindoos to One Mussulman."

It will appear, from the preceding Explanation that the Extirpation confilted in nothing more than in removing from their Offices the Rohellas who had the Official Management of the Country, and from the Country the Soldiers who had opposed us in the Conquest of it. Nor was the Process a sanguinary or hard one, as they had only to pass the Ganges to their Countrymen on the other Side of it. In a Word, we conquered the Country from the Conquerors of it, and substituted another Rule in the Place of theirs, upon the same Principles of Right and Ufuge (the

8 I Right

2° Mail- . 1786.

Mr. Hal'tings’ Right of the War being presupposed) as a British in continual Negociations with them for the Recovery Answer to Commander in Europe would expel the Soldiers of of the Money in the Year 1772 and 1773, and they had *him. a conqi, ered Town, and garrison it with his own, which constantly evaded the Payment.

by the same mode of Speech, and, with equal Propriety, The Fact was notorious, and there could not be any might be called an Extirpation. Obligation to give them Notice, that they might be

the better enabled to defeat the Enterprize.

Hid. That the Company had never received, nor pretended

to receive or apprehend, any Injury whatever from the VHtli. But that I did stimulate the Nabob of Oude to Rohellas. the Enterprize.

The Company were joined on equal Terms with the Viziers in the Injury which he had received from the Rohellas.

That Injury was the repeated Breach of Faith, and Refusal given, in Two successive Years, to pay the Sum stipulated for their Defence, and for the Expulsion of the Marattasfrom their Country. — The Vizier was

our Ally.

Our Government was appled to for its Consent to the first Design of defending the Rohellas against the Marattas, and the Engagements which followed were negociated by our Commander in Chief, General Sir Robert Barker.

These confilted in Two separate Instruments; One a Treaty of mutual Alliance between the Nabob Shu-ja Dowla and the Rohella Chiefs; and the other an

Obligation executed by them, to pay him, in Consideration of it, Forty Lacks of Rupees. Both were executed in the Presence of Sir Robert Barker, and signed by him as a Witness to it; which, in every Instance of the Kind that has ever passed in the Company’s Annals, is equivalent to a Guarantee. The Obligation is in the Records of the Secretary’s Office in Calcutta, and the Translation is entered in more than One Place in the Fifth Report of the Committee of Secrecy.

IVth. That the Nabob Shuja Dowla never complained of an Aggression or Act of Hostility, nor pretended a distinct Cause of Quarrel, other than the Non-payment of a Sum of Money in Dispute between him and that People.

There were other just Causes of Complaint against the Rohellas: They had treacherously intrigued with the Marattas, with the Design of uniting with them against the Nabob Shuja Dowla during the Subsistence of their Engagement with him, and at the very Time that he was in Arms for their Defence. Indeed a Part of them had actually joined the Marattas, and the rest were on their March for that Purpose, and were prevented only by the timely Arrival of Sir Robert Barker in their Country, in the Beginning of the Year 1773, with a Brigade of the Company’s Troops in Conjunction with the Nabob’s.

This appears from various Parts of the Correspondence of Sir Robert Barker, and others, in the Appendix of the Fifth Report of the Secret Committee; and in Sir Robert's letter of the 6th of he lays of them,

" It is well known that neither Promiles nor Oaths " have been able to bind this treacherous Se£t of People to their Engagements."

Vth. That the East India Company were not Parties to the Engagement, or Guarantees thereof; nor bound by any Obligation whatever to enforce the Execution of it.

That the Company were Parties to the Engagement, has been proved in the Reply to the Third Article, That they were bound to support the Nabob Vizier in asserting his Right, or to assert their own, is a Question not necessary to the Charge: It is sufficient that the Right has been proved.

VJth. That I did not make Enquiry, nor give Notice, nor offer Mediation, 8$c.

Sir Robert Barker and the Vizier had been engaged

My Conduct in this Iultance will be fully explained when I proceed to the Narration of the whole Transaction. I shall here but obl’erve, that I thought the Ground of War justly established; that the Nabob Shuja Dowla had repeatedly urged our Content to it, and that I made Use of the Earueftnels with which he pursued this favourite Point, to engage his Agreement to a Syf-tem of useful Alliance with him; which I obtained, and date from it the subsequent Power and Prosperity of the Company in Bengal.

VUIth. That I obliged him to accept even the Permission

to relinquish the Execution of it as a Favour, and to make Concessions for it.

This is a Perversion of a plain and simple Fa&. — I had required Fifty Lacks of Rupees for the Price of the Cession of Cora and its Dependencies: He pleaded his Inability to pay so large a Sum, and to defray the War with the Rohellas, and the increased Subsidy for our Army. I agreed to remit Five Lacks of the Demand; and when lie proposed to suspend the Design against the Rohellas, which removed the former Plea, I demanded, and he contented to replace the Five Lacks, and the Stipulation for Cora remained as it originally stood in my Demand for it, at Fifty Lacks; and thus the Transaction is stated in my original Report of it.

IXth. Thai the Engagement was verbal, and not bound by a written Treaty.

It is true, that the First Proposition for the Rohella War was difeufled and terminated in Conversation; but the Terms on which it was to have been undertaken were committed to Writing, and made Parts of the Draft of the Treaty concluded with the Nabob Shuja Dowla, at Bcnaris; but were withdrawn from it at his own Instance, and left unnoticed, because the whole Business appertaining to it was postponed, and, as I then believed, wholly given up. Afterwards, when it was refilmed, the Terms of our mutual Engagement were stated in the Letters which passed between the Nabob and myself; and the Event proved that the Obligation in this Mode was as binding as a Treaty, in all its Forms, could have made it; for the Sum stipulated to be paid to the Company for their Assistance in the War, was acknowledged by the Nabob to be due when it might have been disputed, and it has been punctually paid. It might have been disputed, because our Army was withdrawn while the Country was yet unsettled, and withdrawn without the Nabob’s Consent, and against his Remonstrances; which was contrary to the express Terms of the Agreement made with him. But surely I may ask, is this Defence necessary ? Is every Ad criminal which any Man may state to be such? or is it criminal to have omitted doing what any Man may conceive proper to have been doner — Hard would be my Lot, where my past Actions to be measured by this Test of them; for though the Papers which I have Officially written, and to which I have contributed, would fill many ponderous Volumes, yet their Bulk and Number would have been more than doubled, had every minute Transaction and Occurrence been minuted which 1 had deemed of Importance at the Instant in which they palfed; and enormous indeed, if to these all the

01 Conversations

2 6 Geo. III.

2° Mad.

Conversations were added, which either led to Business, or arole out of it

Xth. That I confessed that I spoke the Hindostan Language imperfectly, and nevertheless made no Use of an Interpreter.

I will not transgress the Bounds of my Respect for this Honourable House, nor offend the high Sense which I entertain of its Wisdom, by offering any Reply to this Article.

XIth. That I proposed the Acquisition of 40 Lacks of Rupees for the Company, and a Relief to the Distresses of the Company, as Objects of the Enterprise.

This I acknowledge; and whatever Sentiments may have suggested such a Motive as a Criminal Charge, I shall never regret the Services and Sacrifices which I have made to my Employers, and to my Country, whatever Returns I may have received at the Instant, or may receive, from either.

XII. That I transgressed the Instructions of the Council, by transgressing the Company's Orders, to which their Power had re/trified me.

This is refuted by the Preliminary Exposition which I have offered, of the true Construction of the Company’s Orders on which it is grounded.

Xllltb. That I suppressed the Information of the Agreement originally made with the Nabob Shuja Dowla, in the Letter which I wrote to the Court of Directors from Benaris, advising them of the Treaty concluded with the scad Nabob on other Subjects.

The Letter which I dispatched to the Court of Directors from Benaris was written to inform them of what had been done, and of that but as much as it was essential for them to know. It was not necessary to inform them of what was not done, nor to commit the Secret of a Design which had been dropped, but might yet take place, and which related to a great Political Event, to a Letter which was to pass through the Centre of Hindostan, and afterwards through many Nations of Asia and Europe, with at least an equal Chance of its being intercepted.

In effect, I suspect that it actually met with that Fate, though written and dispatched in Duplicate; for in the Report published by Order of the Court of Directors, I find this Letter inserted, with a Notice that it was received by them on the 26th of March, which was the Date of the Receipt of the subsequent Dispatches of the Board, by the Mercury Packet.

That I may not appear to have been remiss in any Part of the Process of my Transactions at Benaris, I will crave Leave to date the following short Chronological Recital of it.

On the 23d of June 1773, I received my Inductions from the Board. On the 7th of September I concluded a Treaty with the Nabob Shuja Dowla, conformable to my Instructions. On the 10th of the same Month I advised the Court of Directors of it in a Letter dispatched in Duplicate by Land to England. On the 4th of October, I delivered my Report of my Proceedings in my Place, at the Board in Calcutta; and on the 12th of October, a Letter was written by the Board, and dispatched by the Mercury Packet, to the Court of Directors, for the declared Purpose of conveying to them my Report, in which all that had passed relating to the projected Design against the was fully recited:

So that the whole Transaction was begun and concluded, and underwent every requisite Process of Official Communication, with a Journey of 1500 Miles, in the Course of Three Months and Nineteen Days.

The following is an Extract of so much of my Report as relates to the present Subject:

Vol. 41.

it

it

it

ti

it

ti

it

it

it

it

ft

a

a

a

a

a

a

it

a

it

a

tt

tt

tt

tt

a

tt

a

tt

tt

a

" The Vizier was at first very desirous of the Al- Mr. Hafiings' fiftance of an English Force to put him in Possession of Answer to the Rohella Country lying North of his Dominions, and East of the Ganges. This has long been a favourite Object of his Withes, and you will recollect that the First Occasion of my late Visit was furnished by a Proposal of this Kind. He had certainly just Grounds of Resentment against the Chiefs of this Nation, who had not only failed in their Engagements to pay him Forty Lacks of Rupees for his Protection against the Marattas, but had actually supplied them with Money when they appeared in Arms against him. He offered to make the Company a Consideration for this Service, of Forty Lacks of Rupees, besides the stipulated Sum for the Expences of our Troops; but he afterwards laid aside this Design, fearing that it wrould disable him from fulfilling his Engagements for Corah and Iltahabad.

I enclose for your Observation, N° 10, the original Agreement of the Rohella Chiefs, witnessed by General Barker', N* 11, a Translation of the fame; N°i2, a Translation of a Letter which I received from H&fiz Rahmut Cawn, in whose Name the Agreement was ratified; and N* 13, a Translation of a Narrative delivered to me by the Vizier, in Reply to it.

The Measures to be pursued for his Security on that Quarter must therefore be detei'mined by future Occurrences. I was pleased that he urged the Scheme of this Expedition no further, as it would have led our Troops to a Distance from our Borders, which I would wifti ever to avoid, although there are powerful Arguments to recommend it"

XIVth. That I entered a false Report of the Transaction in the Council Books, by representing that the Nabob had proposed the Design, but that I was pleased that he urged the Scheme of the Expedition no further, when in Reality and Truth I had consented to it.

There is nothing like a Contradiction in the Repre-fentations which are opposed to each other, to establish the Guilt of Falsehood which is here laid to my Charge.

I affirm, and the Records of this House prove in-contestably, that the Nabob did propose, did first propose, the Design of the Rohella War: Nay, that it was the Foundation of my Journey to Benaris. It appears in various Parts of the same Authorities, that I availed myself of his eager Solicitude for the Attainment of this Point, to engage his Assent to others of necessary Consequence, and of much greater Value to the Company; and it is certain that 1 was pleased to have obtained them without the Necessity of making this Concession, when he himself relinquished it The internal Movements of the Mind admit of no determinate Evidence to prove them; but that I was in a Situation which was most likely to have affected me in the Manner which I have described, I have abundant Proof.

The Dominions of the Nabob Shuja Dowla, our Ally, lay open and exposed to that possessed by the Rohellas, both confiding of One vast Plain, without any natural Line of Division or of Obstruction between them; and both were (but in by the same commou Boundary, the Ganges closing them in the Northern Extremity, with impenetrable Mountains.

The Marattas had successively attempted to possess themselves of this Country; and but for the Assistance of the Nabob's Forces, united with those of the Company, they would have succeeded: The Rohellas, though thus effectually and fealonably protected by the Nabob Shuja Dowla, had openly negociated with the Marattas, and had shewn manifest Dispositions

to unite with them against their Defender. The same Scenes might be renewed the next Year, and

repeatedly,

Mr. Ha fling; Answer to Charges again It him.

676 2° Maii. A. 1786.

i* repeatedly, with equal Danger to the Nabob Shuja

Dowla, whether the Marattas obtained complete possession of the Country, or the Rohellas joined with them to carry their Ravages into his. The Company’s Interests, which were at all Times involved in the Security of the Nabob Vizier’s Dominions, had acquired a strong additional Tie by his recent Engagements with them.

The Rohellas had afforded him a just Cause for War, and for all the Consequences of it, by their repeated Breach of Engagement, and he had a Right to our Concurrence and Assistance in the Prosecution of it.

These were the Grounds for undertaking the War; and on these Grounds, bad he not himself shrunk from it, I should have thought myself bound to join him in undertaking it.

On the other Hand, there were strong Arguments of Discouragement, which operated against the Undertaking.

The Success of it, though morally certain, might have been attended with greater Difficulties than when it was afterwards attempted, by reason of the Neighbourhood of the Marattas, who would certainly have been invited to take Part against us. The same Doubts which the Vizier entertained of his Ability to pay the ltipulated Sum, in addition to those of our other Claims upon him, might as obviously occur to my Mind, with all the Consequences both of public and private Embarrassinent from the Failure. My Authority, on wffiich the continued Support of the Enterprize would depend, was but accidental, and liable to Variation; and even that of the Board collectively, in Points of a Political Nature, had for some Time scarce appeared, but under the Influence and Agency of the Commander in Chief, whom I had offended by withdrawing it from him; yet, he must have been employed, and in Effect my own Choice had preferred him, in the Execution of the Plan, possibly with his own Judgment opposing it.

To these Objections, which related immediately to the Measure itself, others occurred, which were of a foreign and adventitious Nature, and some which were merely personal and private.

The first of these Distinctions regarded the State of the Company at Home, their Charter drawing near to its Expiration, and a strong popular Prejudice excited and universally prevailing against both them and their Servants. The Second, my own Situation, and that of my Colleagues and Coequals in the Council.

I owed my Appointment in the Government to Motives which, though highly honourable to those who had nominated me to it, were but a limited and tran-fitory Dependence. I had no natural Interest at Home, no personal Connections, nor any other Means of Support, than such as I might gradually and eventually acquire by my Reputation in Office. In the mean Time, all my Actions were to be viewed through a very remote Medium, with a Thousand Refractions of private Interest; secret Misrepresentation; general Prejudice; and the Precipitation of uninformed Judgment; and above all, the Situation of my Employers not allowing them the free Exercise of theirs. The Measure itself derived its Propriety from Circumstances of nice Relation and various Detail, which few could understand without some previous Knowledge, or Study, of antecedent Events and local Situation, and which were easily liable to Misconstruction. It was repugnant to the general Policy of the Company, and depended for its Sanction on constructive Orders, of which the Court of Directors, who framed them, had a Claim at least to the l'ole Right of Interpretation. These Considerations, with others of a similar Nature, prefied with a more fcnlible Weight upon my Mind at this Time, by the Means of recent Advices privately received from England, which reached me while I was within a few Days of my Arrival at Bcnaris, and by which I learnt

that a new Commission lmd been appointed from Home, to make Enquiry into the State of the Company’s Affairs in Bengal, and to superlede the Powers of its actual Administration.

With such Prospects of Discouragement, will it be supposed that in the Solicitude of my Zeal for the public Service, or, if I must adopt the Language of Invective, in the Pursuit of an irregular Ambition,

I had no Intervals of secret Leisure for the Mind to' turn the Glals upon its own Concerns ? I well knew w-hat my Duty required of me, and that I was determined on performing, in Delpite of every inferior Concern; yet, when I was relieved from the Obligation by the Nabob’s Renunciation of his Design, which could be prosecuted only at his Requisition, and therefore no Duty of my own opposed the Forbearance of it, I might then both naturally and allowably yield some Indulgence to my private Feelings. I certainly was glad to be freed from the Embarrassinents, which I had apprehended in the Prosecution of the Plan, though I should have paid no Regard to them, had I been still required to proceed in it. This Opposition of my private and reitrained Willies to my Sense of what was incumbent on me in my public Character, will be found to accord exactly with the Sentiments expressed upon the same Subject in my Minutes delivered upon both Occasions, in which the Subject of the RohWar was introduced to the Notice of the Board, both when the Design was first proposed and withdrawn, and afterwards proposed and adopted by the Board.

But perhaps I have mistaken the intended Sense of this Part of the Charge; and it is not the Inconsistency of my private Feelings with my public Actions, which is alledged against me, but (imply the Information given by me to the Board, that the Design of the Expedition had been dropped, when in Fact it yet existed, with my Engagement to prosecute it.

If I have mistaken the Meaning of this Paragraph, and unnecefi'arily wasted the Time of this Honourable House in so long and laboured a Refutation of a Charge not made against me, I humbly refer myself to the Candour of this House, and beg Leave to ascribe my Error to the Manner in which the Charge is drawn and printed, with Intricacy of Construction, and a frequent Change of Type; many Words, and even whole Sentences, being printed in Italic Characters, as if indicating some implied Guilt, or aggravating that expressly alledged against me. Nor is this Practice (whether fair or not, this Honourable House will dete:-mine) confined to the Paragraph in Question of this first Charge, nor even to this single Charge, but pervades, with the like Ambiguity, every Part of every Charge exhibited against me.

I now proceed to reply to this Article, in the Sense which I have just inferred from it.

In my Reply to the preceding Article, I have inserted the Whole of my Report, of what passed between the Nabob Vizier and myself at Bendris, on the Subject of the First Proposal of the Rohella War, in an Extract from my Report of all my Proceedings there. This Report ltated, that the Vizier was desirous of our Assistance against the Rohellas, and offered Terms for it; but that, for Reasons assigned, he afterwards laid it aside; " that the Measures to be " pursued for his Security on that Quarter, were " therefore to be determined by future Occurrences;" and " 1 was pleased that he urged it no farther." There the Business rested, and as I certainly did believe it at that Time, finally, though the Obligation still remained, if the Nabob iliould again lay Claim to it, and no Change of Circumstances intervened to alter it.

On the 26th of November of the same Year, the Subject was again introduced at the Board, with a

Request

26 Geo. III. 2° Man. 77

Request of the Vizier, for the Renewal and Prosecution of it; and the following was ray Recital of the Tran faction more at large, in a Minute which I delivered upon the Occasion:

" In this Situation, here appears an unusual Degree " of Responsibility annexed to such an Undertaking. " I would therefore recommend it to serious Consideration; and at the same Time I think it my Duty to " declare, that I find myself embarrassed in a peculiar " Manner in my Decision, from the Circumstances of " what paded between the Vizier and myself at " The Board will recollect, that this very Country was " included in the Line of defensive Operations which they thought proper to adopt last Year in Support of " the Vizier; and it is now necessary to acquaint them u more fully, that the Vizier at the Interview did propose this Expedition to me, and earnestly solicited my " Assistance; that I regarded this Request as a lucky " Circumstance in the Negociation, and availed myself " of it, as the Means of purchasing the Vizier’s Compliance with the other Measure, which was the principal Object of my Commission. I consented to it; " engaging to affilt him in the Enterprize, on the Conditions with which the Board are already acquainted. " Afterwards, from a Suspicion of his own Ability to " make good so many pecuniary Engagements at once, " as those he had undertaken, he himself made the Proposal for suspending the Rohella Expedition; but the " Condition which took its Rife from it, that the " future Payments of the extra Charges of the Array " lent at any Time to his Assistance, should be fixed at " Two hundred and Ten thousand Rupees Month " for a Brigade, was still allowed to be made an Article of the new Treaty. And it was further agreed, " that the Stipulation for , which I had with

u Difficulty raised to Forty-five Lacks of Rupees, should " now be made Fifty, in Consideration of his being " exempted from the additional Burthen of the projected Campaign, and better enabled to fulfil his u other Payments. It is unnecessary to explain the " Motives which urged the Vizier to make Concessions " for the Liberty of reKnquishing a Point which he " had apparently so much at Heart, and which I was not solicitous to pursue: The Detail would be u tedious — the Gentlemen who were with me, and to " whom I made daily Communication of the Progress " of the Negociations, will remember, that such was " the Issue of this Part of them. The Expedition " remained only suspended; and I gave him every " Reason to expeCfc, that whenever it could again be " with Prudence resumed, and he desired it, it should be u undertaken.

" This is the Predicament in which I now stand with " the Vizier; and although, from a Fear of his not " being able to fulfil his Part of the Agreement, I wish " to avoid engaging in the Project for the present, yet it " appears to me, that a direCfc Refusal, after what has " passed, would have an unfriendly Aspect, and might " admit of the Construction of Artifice and Insincerity " in our Dealings with him."

I now throw myself on the Justice of this Honourable House to determine, whether there is any dther Difference between the Two Recitals, than that the latter is more detailed and enlarged than the former, which states little, more being then unnecessary. Had the Engagement in the First Instance flood, it would have confUtuted an Article in the Treaty, which was at that Time concluded, and the Draft of it is still on Record; but the Nabob himself declining it, it retained no other Force on our Government, than that which the Spirit of Honour and fair Dealing might allow, and the Circumstances of Affairs admitted. Vol. 41.

These had received no other Alteration, than the Depar- Mr. Hasting*’ ture of the Marattas, occasioned by a late Resolution in their own State, which was likely, for a Length of «talnit him. Time to come, to prevent them from interfering in our Operations.

If further Evidence of this Construction is necessary, the following Extract from the Letter of the Nabob Shuja Dowla, which fumished the Subject of Debate, of which the preceding Minute formed a Part, will put it beyond the Poffibihty of Doubt.

Extract of a Letter from the Nabob Shuja Dowla, received the 18th November 1773.

" During our Interview at Bendris, we had some " Conversation on this Subject; and it was then agreed " on, that I should pay to the Company the Sum of " Forty Lacks of Rupees, after the Extirpation of the " Rohillas; and Two hundred and Ten thousand Rupees Monthly, on Account of the English Brigade,

" during my Operations in the Rohilla Country; and " that I should, with the Assistance of the English " Forces, endeavour to punish and exterminate the " Rohillas out of their Country."

" If therefore these Terms are agreeable to you, I " desire to know whether yoa will assist me with the " English Forces, or you will not"

When I wrote the Minutes from which the preceding Extracts are taken, I little suspected that the Time would come when they were.to be put to the Rack of verbal Criticism before the House of Commons of Great Britain.

I look back with Pain on the many Pages which have been filled with this Part of my Defence, in a Discussion which I myself cannot but consider as unworthy to take up so much of the Attention of this Honourable House, did not the Occasion of it implicate the Plausibility of every other Charge instituted against me, and cast the Colour of Reproach upon the most important Transactions of the British Government in India, during the Course of Thirteen Years, from the imputed Depravity of Character in him w ho directed them.

A Charge of Falsehood in Terms, of deliberate Falsehood, imprints such a Sense of Infamy on an ingenuous Mind, as even the fullest Refutation of it cannot wholly efface; since it taints the Source itself of every honourable Principle, and follows its devoted Object into all his Habits of Society, even to his dearest Connections.

I hope, therefore, I shall not be deemed to depart from the great Respect wffiich I owe and truly profess for this August Assembly, if on this Occasion I abandon for an Instant the degraded Condition of a Man arraigned, and affiime my Claim to the Rights of Respect which my Rank in Office, primarily and repeatedly assigned to me by this Honourable House itself, authorizes me to assert

If, after a patient and full Examination of all the Charges exhibited against me, I shall appear to merit that Punishment which the Justice of my Country exacts for High Offenders, let me receive it; — 1 will submit with what Resignation I can to my Doom, how much soever my own Consciousness of better Desert may revolt against it Let me not, however, be punished before Conviction by the Admission of hard Epithets, and disgraceful Invectives against me. I am warranted by the Doctrine of my Religion, to protest against such a Treatment; for this teaches me, that even a blefied Spirit of Heaven contending with the Devil " durst not bring a " railing Accusation against him." But if the Result shall prove, that in a long, difficult, and perilous Service,

I have conduced myself with Integrity, and with a Zeal

8 K for

d7 8

a*

1786.

Charge* *g<iiuft him.

Mr.Hastings’ for the Interests of my Employers, and my Country, Answer to manifested by an invariable Train of successful Measures;

that I was instru mental in preserving One great and valuable Branch of the British Empire, committed to my Charge, from threatened Annihilation; and left it in a State more prosperous than I received it; — what Atonement will this Honourable House in its Justice ordain for the Injury which I sustain by having been branded on its Records, and under the Sanction of its Authority, with the vile and abhorred Character of a Verres, an Oppressor, a Defrauder, a Traitor, and even of a Lyar?

XVth. That I and the Council engaged in the Enter-prize under Circumstances of uncommon Responsibility and Personal Hazard.

This I admit; but not in the Terms of the Text, nor with the Implication of Criminality', I know not on what Grounds, affixed to-it.

XVIth. That no Part of the Money due for the Rohella War was recovered till after the Establishment of the neao Government in Bengal, and that the Whole remains in Effect and Substance unpaid to this Day.

The Meaning of this Charge seems to be, that so long as any Balance remained due from the Nabob of Owd, in the running Account between him and the Company, that Balance arose exclusively out of the Stipulation for the Rohella War, whatever Debts may have been incurred, or Payments made, though of Millions on both Sides of the Account, since that Debt was originally contracted.

This is contrary to the general Commerce of Mankind; every Debt, in the Order in which it was contracted, being universally understood to be discharged by the Sums received, if equivalent in their correspondent Order of Payment; but let it be as it will, it is now paid beyond all Possibility of Queliion; for even while these Charges are forming, Advices are received from the Government of Bengal, which declare that the Nabob of Owd had paid up the Whole of his Debt to the Company of every Kind, without an Anna remaining.

XVI Ith. That the Nabob Shuja Dowla committed great Acts of Cruelty and Inhumanity in the Prosecution of the I Tar, and in the Abuse made of his Victory, that he violated a Princess of gr$at Rank, and other Women, and that I abetted him therein-, that eminent Families were either cut off or banished, the Wives and Children ruined, and the Country laid waste and depopulated.

This Part of the General Charge, if it were true, could only affect me as the Abettor of it.

That I was not the Abettor of it I certainly know, but cannot disprove it, otherwise than by an Appeal to my general Character, which is in the strong Features of it well known, and to the Evidences themselves, which are quoted in Support of the Allegation. I deny that there is a Syllable in these that proves it, or that, without a Violence on the Construction, which could convert White into Black, even tend to cast the most distant Suspicion of it.

The Letter w'ritten by the Board to Colonel Champion, dated the 23d May 1773, and mine to Mr. Middleton, dated the 27th of the same Month, which I shall crave Leave to read at the Close of this Article, are Evidences of my Anxiety and Endeavours, both to obtain a true Knowledge of the Facts, and to redress them in whatever Degree they might be found to exist; and the Answers to both are, in my Opinion, a Refutation of the Charge as it Hands against: the Vizier. With respect to the First,

Colonel Champion, in Answer to the Desire expressed by the Board, " to be immediately advised of the Particulars of the Treatment to which he had alluded," that is, the Nabob’s Treatment of the Rohella Prisoners, begins the Subject with a Sentence that seems to promise the Information required; but no such Information follows.

Mr. Middletons, Answer is in Point, and affords a very temperate, and 1 do believe a most fuithful Report upon the Question. It is long, and worth the Perusal of those who may wish for more Information upon the Subject. It no further concerns me. — I am unwilling to quit this Subject without adding, that the Sons of HAjiz Rahrnut Cecum were living at Lucknow when I was at that Capital; that they enjoyed a Pension from the present Nabob, which afforded them a decent Maintenance, with a Promile of more after Payment of the Nabob’s Debt to the Company, under the Engagements which he had contracted with me. They were under no other Restraint than a Prohibition to re-visit their own Country, and were my daily Visitors; for which they no Doubt had the express Permission of the Nabob, and that Optionally given, for I never intimated the most distant With to lee them; and indeed they frequently attended him in the Vilits which he himself made to me.

Fyzoola Cawn, the only surviving Son of Ally Mahmud, the Founder of this little Dominion, frill remains in peaceable Possession of as much of his Inheritance as he held before the War, which (by a Fatality that might induce a Mind, even but lightly tinctured with Superstition, to infer the Hand of Providence in lb just a Distribution of its Events) doled with the Death of HAjiz Rahrnut, the Usurper of the Rights of his Patron and Master, who had entrusted them to his Guardianship, and with the Deprivation of the Children of his Accomplices, as the Punishment allotted, according to their several Degrees of Guilt, to the Perpetrators of so complicated a Treachery.

My Letter to Mr. Middleton, to which I have above alluded, I now entreat Permission to read. I was not aware of the Strength of this Evidence, when on a cur-fory Inspection I marked it for Reference. I am pleased to find it, on a more attentive Perusal of it, not only a clear Refutation of the Charge, so far as I myself am aft’ected by it, but an Example to shew both the Delicacy with which I treated the great Allies of the Company, and the Firmness with which I maintained the Rights and Honour of my own Nation.

Extract of a Letter from the President to Mr. Nathaniel Middleton, dated 27th May 1774.

Colonel Champion complains of the Conduct of the Vizier, in differing, and even in ordering his Troops to ravage the Country, and in his cruel Treatment of the Family of Hafez Rahmet. This is a Subject on which I cannot write to the Vizier; it might widen the Breach between him and the Commander in Chief, and possibly influence the Nabob to feme private Revenge on the unhappy Remains of Hafez Rahmet's Family. I desire, therefore, that you will take an immediate Occasion to remonstrate to him against every Act of Cruelty or wanton Violence: The Country is his, and the People his Subjects; they claim by that Relation his tendered; Regard and unremitted Protection. The Family of Hafez have never injured him, but have a Claim to his Protection, in Default of that of which he has deprived them: Tell him that the English Manners are abhorrent of every Species of Inhumanity and Oppression, and enjoin the gentlest Treatment of a vanquished

Enemy;

26 Geo. III.

2* Matt.

679

Enemy; require rind entreat his Observance of this Principle towards the Family of Hafez; tell him my Instrulfcions to you generally but urgently enforce the same Maxim; and that there is no Part of his Conduct will operate so powerfully in winning the Affections of the English, as Instances of Benevolence and Feeling for Others. If these Arguments do not prevail, you may inform him directly, that you have my Orders to insist on a proper Treatment of the Family of Hafez Rahmet, since in our Alliance with him the Reputation of our National Character is involved in every Act which subjects his own to Reproach; that I shall publicly exculpate this Government from the Imputation of alfenting to such a Procedure, and I shall reserve it as an Objection to any future Engagements with him, when the present Service shall have been accomplished.

XVIIIth. That I disobeyed a Standing Order of the Court of Directors, 1st, by not producing all my Correspon-

dence with Mr. Middleton, the Resident at Owd, and with Colonel Champion, the Commander in Chief of the Army employed in the Rohella War, to the Secret Committee; and, idly, by refusing to produce the same to the Majority of the Council.

This Charge contains its own Refutation in the Terms of it; for the Company’s Orders of the 23d of March 1770, which relate expressly to Letters written in Correspondence with the Country Powers, have no Relation to my Correspondence with Mr. Middleton and Colonel Champion; nor their Instructions, dated the 30th of March 1774, either to that Correspondence, or to any other which had passed antecedent to the Receipt of them.

XIXth. That I arrogated to myself dangerous Powers, by assei-ting that Mr. Middleton, the Public Resident at Oud, was my Official Agent, and that, bang such, I was not obliged to communicate his Correspondence.

I do not know whether to admit or deny this Allegation; for though I comprehend it in its direct Construe-tion, I cannot draw any Inference from it'which can serve for the Ground of an Impeachment, or even of Censure. But it alludes to my Minute, dated the 26th October 1774, N* 45 of the Appendix of the 5th Report of the Secret Committee, every Syllable of which I avow; and unless a new Institute of Morality shall be invented, for the Purpose of proving me an Offender against it, I deny that it contains a Sentiment or ExprelBon which is not confident with the most rigid Principles of Obedience, Integrity, Faith, and Honour.

XXth. That the Court of Directors, and afterwards the General Court of Proprietors, did unanimously condemn (along with my Conduct relative to the Rohella Treaty and War) my Refusal to communicate my whole Correspondence with Mr. Middleton to the Council’, yet that I have never yet communicated the Whole of my Correspondence either to the Governor General and Council, or to the Court of Directors.

Neither my Respect for the Court of Directors, nor my Gratitude and devoted Attachment to the Court of Proprietors, shall restrain me from laying, that the first were partial Judges, and that the last were incompetent, as wanting the Means of Information. The latter Part of this Article is true, namely, that I have never yet communicated the Whole of mv Correspondence either to the Governor General and Council, or to the Court of Directors: But it is equally true, that the Court of Directors have never demanded it of me; and that I have uniformly opposed the Right of the Council to exalt it, which should be first established before the Vol. 41.

Refusal to them can be made a Crime. However, the Whole of this Charge, I should presume, cannof properly come under the Dilcuffion of this Honourable House; for in the very Terms of it it is Hated, that my Conduit was enquired into both by the Directors and Proprietors, my legal and ultimate Judges, who both passed their Censure upon it; and in that Censure I received my Punishment

Having now finished my Examination of the Charge, in my Reply to the material Points which compose it, I shall proceed to recite the Particulars of the Transaction to which they all bear a common Relation, viz. the Origin, Design, Progress, Conclusion, and Effects of the Rohella War.

In May 1771, the King quitted IUahabad, and threw himself into the Arms of the In a few Months

afterwards he granted them Sunnuds, or Charters, for the Provinces of Corah, Curra, and IUahabad, or the Lands immediately situated above the Conflux of the Rivers Ganges and Jumma, which we had before given to him. In January 1772, General Sir Robert Barker met the Nabob Shiga Dowla, at Fyzabad, who proposed various Plans to countcraft the ambitious Designs of the Marattas, who were then preparing to invade Rohelcund. The General, by his own Authority, ordered a Battalion of Sepoys for the Defence of the Lines at Cmenpoor. The Governor (Mr. Cartier) and the Selelfc Committee, on the 12th of February 1772, approved of the General’s Conduit, and authorized him to enter into Negociations on the Part of the Company in Support of the Nabob’s Views.

On the 28th of January 1772, the General wrote to the Select Committee, that the Nabob wished to protelt the Rohellas, and to treat with them, which could not be done, he said, without the Content of the English; " for " their Letters were written to him in a Style as if he " was One and the same as the English; and he doubted " that, without such a Concurrence, they meant to do " nothing with him alone."

The dangerous Consequences portended from thelc alarming Symptoms are strongly described in the following Extract from a Letter of the General to the Select Committee, dated the 25th of February 1772.

" I should imagine that if the Marattas succeed in " their Attempts of crossing the River, and make a rapid <# Progress through the Rohella Country towards the " Vizier’s Territories, as they have already given out " that they intend Cantoning at Lucknow, you wiil judge

it necessary to advance a Brigade nearer to his Excel-" lency’s Dominions; for in this same the Approach of " the Marattas will be very quick."

On the 28th of February the General wrote that the Marattas had made good their Passage of the River, and given a Total Defeat to the Rohellas posted at the Fords to oppose them; that he had therefore ordered the Brigade at Dinapore to march immediately towards the Vizier’s Dominions, excusing his taking such a Step without the Authority of the Board, by " the Exigency " of the Service."

In this Part of the 5th Report of the Secret Committee, from which I draw this Recital, I miss the Reply which was written to Sir Robert Barkers Letter, but I recollelt that the Committee disapproved of the March of the Brigade, and countermanded it.

On the 9th of April the General wrote that " the " Marattas had applied to the Nabob Shuja Dowla to " be the Mediator of their Differences with the Rohellas, " to which he was much inclined," and " was not to be " diverted from this Scheme," though the General bad strenuously opposed it, and pressed him " rather to form " an Alliance with the RoheUas the Nabob infilling

that

Mr. HaAings* Answer to Charges against him.

68 o

i° Mail.

A. 178

Mr. Hastings Answer to Charges nil him.

' " that he had no Choice; for he mud either join the €< Marattas in the total Reduction of the Rohellas, or <c bring on a Gompromise between those Powers; for u the Alternative was an Attack on his Dominions after the Reduction of the Rohellas unless (for so the Sense follows in the Construction) " the English Forces would " join to support him in the Undertaking* preferably recommended by the General; and that " he had therefore u sent Captain Gabriel Harper to Hafiz Rahmut, and " would do his Endeavours to procrastinate this Treaty " until he received the Committee’s Inliruftions.*’

On the 13th of April 1772, I succeeded to the Office of President of the Council of Fort William; and from that Day only I date my Share of Responiibility in the Acts of the Government of Bengal.

On the 30th of the same Month, the Select Committee for the first Time entered into a Consideration of the General’s repeated References; and the Sentiments recorded by them on that Occasion most decidedly mark their — may I be allowed to change the Person, and say " my ?" — strenuous Adherence to the cautious and defen-five System enjoined by the Company.

We approved the General’s " Endeavours todifluade " the Vizier from entering into any Negociations which <l might lead to an Alliance with the Marattas', since <( we might by this Means be precluded from taking " such Measures as the Company’s exact Orders might " render necessary. But we could not approve of a 4i Promise being made to him of the Junction of our " Forces in the Prosecution of an offensive War; the <c more especially, as the Court of Directors, in their " Letters by the Lajming, had promised to furnish us " with clear and precise Instructions respecting our carrying on Hostilities against the Marattas at a Distance "from our own Borders; which," we added, "might " be soon expected," but which never came. We expressed some Uneasiness at Captain Harpers Deputation, and desired that he might be recalled as soon as he conveniently could be, as we did not chuse to " appear 4t as Principals in these Negotiations." In the mean Time, the Measures pursued by Sir Robert Barker had taken their Course; and while I dilavow any Concern in them, I may add, that they proved fortunate in their Event. Captain Harper returned on the 21st of May, after having prevailed on Hafiz Rahmut to agree to a Personal Meeting with the Vizier; the Consequence of which was, that on the 17th of June a Treaty of Alliance was concluded and reciprocally interchanged between the Rohella Chiefs and the Nabob Shuja Dozcla; and a separate Agreement on the Part of the Rohellas, to pay 40 Lacks of Rupees to the Nabob Vizier, for the Expulsion of the Marattas, " whether effected by Peace " or War;" Ten Lacks to be paid on the immediate Effect of his March, " enabling the Families of the " Rohellas to leave the Woods, and return to their u Habitations the rest in Three Years.

Both Deeds were executed in the Presence of General Sir Robert Barker, and his Signature affixed to both as a Witness to them. But the same Act made him the Guarantee of both; and virtually, by his Representation, extended the same Obligation to the Company; for it has been shewn, that he was the Instrument of the Negociation, and that the Rohellas themselves had refused to treat with the Nabob alone, that is, without the Junction of the English Name and Faith with his.

Thus it appears, that by a regular and natural Gradation of Events, the Government of Bengal found itself entangled in the first Movements of a War which it had fought to avoid, but which was in its Principle and Object defen five; and though extending beyond the Line of its prescribed Operations, had been recently marked out as an Exception to it by the Court of

Directors, in their General Letter of the 28th of Aug 1771, which is that to which the Select Comnii alluded in their Instructions to General Sir Roi Barker of the 30th of April; and that whether Measures which led to this Crisis of Affairs were r or wrong, or whether the Events which produce might or ought to have been diverted into ano Direction, I myself have no Concern in either Quest The Movements of the Machine (if I may be allowed Figure) had received their first Impulse from other Hai before the Charge of it could be affirmed in any Sens have devolved to mine, and were independent of In this State, Progress, and Direction, I received Share allotted to me in its Management; and to tb even in the subsequent Conduct of it, my Judgment necefl’arily compelled to bend itself, whether I appro of the past, or disapproved it.

I entreat the Permission of this Honourable Houfi proceed in my Narrative in the Words of my Lei written on the same Subject, and for a similar Purp to the Court of Directors, on the 3d of December 17 Some Claim I may be allowed to an Indulgence of T for my Reply to the other multiplied and volumin Charges existing against me; the laboured Productioi Years requiring Days for their Refutation: I shall her avoid the Delays of Reference and Compilation, i can with Confidence offer this Recital as genuine, fi it was written with the frefti Impression of the Fasts i Events which appertain to it; and with it I shall c my Defence against the First Charge exhibited aga me.

Extract of a Letter to the Court of Directors, da 3d December 1773.

In the Beginning of the Year 1772 the Marat invaded the Country of the Rohillas, which, after a lh but ineffectual Opposition at Sukkertol, was left at lar ex poled to their Ravages. The Vizier, alarmed at tl Approach to the only Part of his Dominions which 1 easily accessible by such an Enemy, applied with fi Earnestness to Sir Robert Barker, who was at that Ti with him, for the Assistance of an English Force, i the General thought the Necessity so urgent, that his own Authority he sent Orders to the First Briga which was stationed at Dinapore, to march instantly ii the Province of Oude. The Board disapproving t irregular Proceeding, refused their Confirmation of and the Brigade having reached the Length of Bena remained there till the Beginning of June, and then turned to its former Station. The Vizier availing hi self of this Movement, offered his Protection to Rohillas, and entered into a general Treaty of Alliai with the Chiefs of that Nation, and a separate one w Hafez Rahrnet Cawn, their Principal, who in tl Name, and with their Authority, engaged to pay him Lacks of Rupees for that Support, whenever the Mar tas evacuated the Country: Translations of both Treai are recorded at Length in the Consultation of the s July 1772; and the Original of the latter is in the act Possession of the Secretary, attested by General Bari who was present at the Ratification of both.

On the Approach of the Rainy Season the Marai evacuated the Country, and the Vizier demanded stipulated Recompence from the Rohillas, but tl evaded the Payment.

In the latter End of 1772, the Marattas having torted from the King a Grant of the Districts of Co\ and Kurrah, which had been ceded to him by Company for the express Purpose of maintaining Dignity, were preparing to take Possession; and, as Acquisition would have made them Mailers of

26 Geo. III. 2" Mait. 681

whole Trad of Coon tty lying between the Rivers Ganges and Jumna, and bordering upon the Province of Chide,

the Vizier again applied for Assistance to repel such 'dangerous Neighbours.

The Proceedings of the late Council ib their Secret Department, of the 1st February 1773* treat this Sub-je£fc very lately, and shew how much they considered not only the Safety of the Vizier but even of the Company’s Possessions, to be endangered by this formidable Encroachment of the Maratta State. It was ultimately concluded, to comply with the Requisition of the Vizier, by fending the First Brigade for the Protection of his Dominions against any Attempt which the Marattas might make on them; and also determined to prevent their Design on Corah, by taking prior Possession for the Company, who had certainly the best Title to it when the King could no longer keep it. It was not to be supposed that the Marattas would quietly submit to the Lois of a Territory, which they bad used the most perfidious Means to obtain; and every Precaution was therefore necessary, to guard against their Efforts to recover it

The. Company’s Orders of 28th of August 1771 expressly allowed the Necessity of departing on some Occasions from the limited Plan which they had for a long Time past enjoined; and in consequence, the Rohilla Country, North of the Ganges, was included within the Line of Action prescribed to the General in his Instruc-tioas; because, if the Marattas, either by the Defeat, or, which was as likely to happen, by the Desertion of the RofdUas to their Cause, toould gain a Footing in that Country, nothing could oppose their entering into the Province of Oudt, and laying it waste, in Spite of any Attempt of our Forces, united with the Vizier's, to prevent them; the Map which accompanies this will demonstrate this Truth more powerfully than any verbal Argument.

It was not to be supposed, that the Marattas, whole Ambition for feme Years past had aspired to univerlal Conquest, and who had extended their Anns from the Centre of the Balaghaut to the Northern Extremity of Indostan, should lit down contented when they had added the Douab, Corah, and Allahabad to their Dominions; on the contrary, there was every Reason to apprehend, and it was publicly reported in their own Camp, that they would next carry their Operations into the Country of the Vizier, and even into the Company’s own Possessions.

On the Grounds which I have described, it was agreed to maintain the Province of Corah against the Marattas, and afterwards to extend our Arms beyond the prescribed Line of the Dominions of our Ally into the Rohilla Country, by a discretional Latitude allowed the General as above mentioned, which be accordingly made use of, by inarching the Brigade as far as Ramgaut; and we have the strongest Reasons to believe, that it was attended with every immediate Advantage which we had projected from such a Meafore, as the Marattas lay during the whole Campaign of 1773 in the Neighbourhood of our Army, but! without daring either to croft the River, or to approach the Borders of Corah', and before the setting-in of the Rains of that Year their Domestic Troubles obliged them to return to their own proper Dominions.

Of the Resolution to enter the Rshella Country for its Defence against the Marattas, the Court of Directors Were first advised in the General Letter' by the of the 31st

V773, which arrived in England long before the Departure of the Transports. The efifeffcual Protection then afforded the1 Rohetias, and the Departure of the Marattas, having established beyond alii Chnttft the Right of the Miner to the 40 Laokiy which had bcsri*

Vol. 41.

ftipillated for this important Service, and which, by the Terms of the Engagement, were really due the preceding Year, on the Retreat of the Marattas from their Country, he demanded Payment of Hafez Rhamct Cawn, who refilled it. The Vizier also accused him of having fecrelLy encouraged the Marattas, and font them a Supply of Modey; and, if I mistake not, General Sir Robert Barker, in some of his Letters, mentions the same Circumstance. The Plea of Justice thus coinciding with the Principles of found Policy, which dictated to the Vizier the Necessity of feeuring himself against the Intrigues and Perfidy of the Rohillas, who from their Situation were most capable of hurting him in his Contests with more powerful Enemies, and from their natural Weaknest, and the Jealously inseparable from, it, would ever leek for their Safety in fomenting or joining in Attempts against him, he formed the Design of invading and reducing their Country: As his own Strength was unequal to such an Undertaking, he solicited the Aid of this Government for effecting it, and made an Offer of 50 Lacks of Rupees to be paid on its Accomplishment As this Propofol was urged in the warmest Terms, both in Person to Sir Robert Barker, and in his Letter to me, and this had long been a favourite Project of the Vizier, the Board judged, with me, that it might afford a fair Occasion to urge the Improvement of our Alliance, by obtaining his Assent to a more equitable Compensation for the Expence attending the Aid which he occasionally received from our Forces, and to, free the Company from the Embaraffment to which they might be subjected, by retaining the Property and Possession of the remote Distri&s of Corah and Illahabad. For this Purpose, it was agreed that I should write the following Letter to the Vizier, which I beg Leave to quote at large, because it fixes the Source of those Engagements, which took Place by a progressive Train of Measures, and terminated in the Rohilla War; and will mark at least, that this was not the Eflfect either of a precipitate and unweighed Resolution, or a tame Acquielcence in the Vizier’s Schemes of Ambition, but the Result of long Deliberation, originally deviled, and confidently employed as an Instrument of promoting the Interest of the Company, of perpetuating the Dependence of their Ally, and converting it to a Channel of Utility.

Fort William, 21st of April 1773.

" I have received your Excellency's Letter, mentioning the Particulars of your Operations against the

Marattas. You promise to the General, that when-

" ever the Marattas should be driven out of the Rohilla " Country, and Hafez Rhamet shall fulfil his

" Agreement of 40 Lacks of Rupees, you will give " Half that Sum to the Company; and that, should " the Rohilla Chiefs be guilty of a Breach of their " Agreement, and we will thoroughly exterminate them,

" and settle your Excellency in the Country, you " will in that same pay the Company 50 Lacks of

Rupees in Ready Money, and exempt them from " the King’s Tribute. Upon the same Subject the General has also written to me fully. Every Circumstance which you have written to me I consider " as a Proof of the cordial Attachment which subsists " between us, and of the Confidence and Reliance " which you place in the Friendship of the English " Company; but the Points which you have proposed " require much Consider&tion, and toe previous Ratification of a formal Agreement, before I can assent " to them; otherwise I might incur the Displeasure of " my Employers.

" It is true that I have long thought that the " Union of the RohiUa Country with yours, either by " fore and permanent Obligation of Friendship, or by " reducing it for Obedience, if they should render

8 L such

Mr. Hailing* Atifwer to Charges agaifift him.

2° Ma

6$2

A. 1786

Mr. Haftingt,' Answer to Charges against him.

" such an Attempt justifiable by any Act; of Enmity or " Treachery, would be an advisable Point for you to 0 attain; because by that Means the defensive Line of " your Dominions would be completed, by including " within it all the Land lying on that Side of the River u Ganges, and you would be in no Danger from an Attack on that Quarter, w henever the Marattas should " commit Disturbances in another. But it appears to " me that this is an Object not to be attained by an occasional View' of that Country; and its Distance from " the Provinces of Bengal will not admit of the Con-<c tinuance of the English Forces longer than the Period €t which remains of dry Weather.

" You will please to remember they were sent for " your Assistance, and to defend the Province of Korah a against the Marattas. Thus far only am I authorized, " by the Commands of my Superiors, to employ them " beyond the Limits of their ow n Possessions; and even " this is the Cause of a heavy Loss and Risk to their Affairs, especially in the Expences of their Troops and " Stores, and in the Absence of so great a Part of their " Force, which was originally destined for the foie Dc-41 fence of the Countries dependant on Bengal.

" You have frequently repeated in your Letters the " Remarks, that to wait till the Enemy was at your " Door, and then to write for the Assistance of our c< Forces, would answer no good Purpose; but that " every Year the same Cause would require their Return to the same Service, and pass without effect-tc ing any Purpose of real Advantage. My Friend, " all this is true; but it proceeds from the Want of " proper Measures having been previously taken, " and from the imperfect Footing on which Affairs " between us have been established. The Concern " which the Company take in your Safety, and the " Duties of Friendfhhip which their Commands and " our own Inclinations equally enjoin us to observe " inviolably to their Allies, and especially to One so <c clolely united by an approved Attachment to them,

" would not suffer us to withhold our Aid when your u Atfairs require it; but it has always been with Re-,c luftance that we have suffered the Army to pass the " Frontiers of our own Country, because the Loss " and Inconvenience attending it was certain; and " although, joined with your Forces, there is no Caule " to fear the most powerful Efforts of our Enemies, xi yet the Events of War are at the Disposal of the Almighty; and the only Fruits which the most splendid Successes can afford us are, the Reputation of " having maintained the Faith of our Alliance, in " Opposition to every Incentive of Self-Interestj and " Self-Defence. Thus circumstanced, we are pre-(i eluded from deriving any Benefit from your Support; and ours can only afford you a Relief from " present Danger, without any Provision of future " Security. For these Reasons, I have often wiffied " for a Personal Interview with you, for the Purpose u of removing Difficulties, and perpetuating the Alhance with your Excellency on Terms more suitable to our mutual Interests. Your Excellency also " hath repeatedly expressed the same Inclination: I " therefore write, that if your Affairs will at this Sea-t( son admit of your giving me a Meeting, I will " hasten to obtain it as loon as I am able, after the 4< Receipt of your Letter in Reply to this; if otherwise, I must wait for it at some more distant Period,

" as the Affairs of this Government will indispensably " require my Presence at this Place after Three or " Four Months, and it is uncertain when I shall again " have an Interval of Leisure for such a Journey. In " the mean Time, your Excellency and the General " are at a great Distance from the Province of Corah,

" and the Affairs of that Province require the Pre-

" fence of a Person on the Behalf of the Company, 1 <c regulate and take Charge of it, until it shall I " hereafter determined in what Manner it shall { 44 finally disposed of I have judged it advisable depute Mr. James Lawrell, a Gentleman of tl " Council of Calcutta, on this Service, and he wi C4r set out accordingly in a few Days, which I hope yo 4< will approve."

The Allurement thus held out to the Vizier fu< ceeded. He proposed, in Reply, a Meeting with me Benaris, which took Place accordingly. I found hii still equally bent on the Design of reducing the Rohilla wdiich I encouraged, as I had before done, by dwelling o the Advantages which he would derive from its Success but objecting with great Force the Orders of the Con pany restricting us from such remote Schemes of Cor quest; to which I therefore could not assent, without fuc Conditions obtained in Return for it as might obviat their Displeasure, and win their Sanction to so hazardou and unauthorized a Measure. I fear not to quote thei Expressions, addressing myself to fair and unbiaffe Judges, who will not infer my real Sentiment from the Style and Arguments of a Political Ne gociation.

I told him that the Company had drawn themselve into great Distress by the enormous Load of their Mi litary Expences, One entire Brigade being kept up so the sole Purpose of maintaining a Connection with him since it was useless and unnecessary to the Protection 0 our own Provinces. That if he w ished therefore to avai himself of our Aid, either in preventing, or even in repel ling the Designs of his Enemies, he must first agree t< bear a more equal Share of the Burden of this Expence by paying the whole Charge of the Forces lent him foj this Service, while they were so employed: To this, afte; much Contention, he assented; and the Sum of 2io, ooc Rupees which the General computed to be the Amoun of the Expence, w?as fixed as the Monthly Subsidy to be paid for the Brigade, whenever it should pass th< Borders of the Province of Bahar, on his Requisition. Having obtained this Point, which I considered in the Light of a perpetual Military Fund, I ealily yieldec my Assent to the Rohilla Plan, on the Stipulatior of 40 Lacks for its Accomplishment; 10 Lack* being deducted from his First Offer, on Accounl of the Difference which had taken Place in the Subsidy.

This Agreement was no sooner made than he suddenly repented, desired to decline the War with the Rohillas till a more favourable Conjuncture, when he should be less embarrassed by other Engagements: agreeing, however, to the Monthly Subsidy, whenevei his future Occasions should oblige him to require the Aid of our Forces. Thus the Rohilla Plan remained rather suspended than wholly abandoned, although it was left optional in our Government to reject or affenl to it on a future Occasion. Messrs. Lazvrell and Van-sittart, who were with me at the Time, and to whom I made a daily Communication, in Writing, of the Substance of every Conversation which passed between the Vizier and myself, will vouch for the literal Truth of this Narrative, as corresponding with what I then repeated to them; and I believe it will appear from it, that although I had not engaged the Government, by any express Obligation, to comply with any future Application of the Vizier to support his Pretention on the Rohillas, yet, as the most essential Article of the Treaty had originated from this Design, and had been yielded to in Consideration of my Agreement to engage in it, it w’ould have been dishonourable to decline the Undertaking, when proposed under Circumstances as favourable to its Success, and the general

Interests

26 Geo. III.

2° Maii.

683

Interests of the Comply, as they were when I first offered to engage in it. Soon after my Return to Calcutta, the Vizier renewed the Proposal for invading the Rohillas and repeated his Desire of engaging in it

on the Conditions before agreed upon. A Variety of Arguments concurred to favour it at this particular Time, none to oppose it. The M were lb much occupied by their own Dissensions, that they could not even defend their Possessions in the , much less

were they likely to interrupt our Operations against the Rohillas: The King had no Means of Interference but by his General, Nudjeff Caxvti, for whose Attachment he had fironger Security in his Interest, and in his Fear of his Rival, Abdul Abed Ccewn, than his Master had in his Allegiance. The Rohillas were too weak to resist so powerful an Attack; and as their Country was open and undefended, either by Defiles, Woods, or Fortresses, and in its greatest Extent did not exceed 200 Miles, its entire Subjection did not require any Length of Time.

To these Inducements, which apply only to the Success of the Undertaking, other Motives, equally powerful, engaged our Attention to it, as a Measure necessary to the Interests and Safety of the Company.

All our Advices, both public and private, represented the DistrelTes of the Company at Home as extreme.

The Letters from the Court of Directors called upon us most loudly for ample Remittances, and a Reduction of our Military Expences. At the same Time, such was the State of Affairs in this Government, that for many Years past the Income of the Year was found inadequate to its Expence; to defray which, a heavy Bond Debt, amounting at One Time to an Hundred and Twenty-five Lacks of Rupees, had accumulated. The Board had bestowed much Labour and Time in the Retrenchment of their Expences, but much remained yet to be done; and the Regulations which they bad already formed, required Time to produce any visible Effect.

By allowing the Vizier the Military Aid which he required, a Saving of near One Third of our Military Expences would be effected during the Period of such a Service; the Stipulation of Forty Lacks would afford an ample Supply to our Treasury, and to the Currency of the Country; the Vizier would be freed from a troublesome Neighbourhood, and his Dominions would be made more defensible, while his Alliance with the Company subsisted, by being completely (hut in between 'the River Ganges and the Mountains; and his Dependence on the Company would be increased by that Extension of his Possessions, as he himself was incapable of defending even his ancient Possessions without our Support.

For a more ample Discussion of these Arguments, I beg Leave to refer to the Consultation in the Secret Department of the 26th of November 1773; in which it was concluded, after a long Debate, to content to the Vizier’s Requisition. As a Precaution against: any Effects which were to be apprehended from the Vizier’s Jrresolution, the Conditions originally accepted for this Engagement were dictated to him in the Form of a Letter to be written by him, in which a Clause was inserted, that whether the Country was conquered, or a Peace concluded between him and the Enemy, the Stipulation for the Payment of Forty Lacks should become equally due.

Of this Engagement I shall speak more hereafter.

On the 24th February 1774, the Second Brigade arrived within the Territory of the Vizier. — -On 17th April, the United Forces entered the Borders of the Rohilla Dominions; and, on the 23d of the same Month, engaged; and defeated the with the

Death of their, Leader, Hafez Gaum. From

Vol. 41.

that Period the Conquest of that Country may be dated, Mr. I I aft ing*

no material Opposition having been since made.

On the 6th of October, the War was finally concluded by the Treaty with Fifteen

Lacks of Rupees, which he engaged to pay to the Vizier iu Ready Money, were to be immediately appropriated to the Payment of Part of the Stipulation of Forty Lacks due from the Vizier to the Company; and we are informed, that the Vizier has returned with Expedition to Fyzabad, for the express Purpose of discharging

the Remainder.

The Subsidy had been punctually paid to the End of September, by the last Advices received on that Subject from Colonel Champion, dated 24th October.

I now proceed to answer the Objections which have been urged against the Propriety of this Undertaking. These may be reduced to the following Heads:

lft. That it was contrary to the express, peremptory, and repeated Orders of the Company.

2d. That it was contrary to the repeated Declarations and Promiles of the Board.

3d. That it was unjust.

4th. That it exposed the Company to the Hazard of an indefinite or an endless War.

5th. That it might have involved the Company in a War with the Marattas, and may still draw on us their future Resentment.

: 6th. That by the Removal of a Third Part of the whole Military Establishment to fe great a Distance, our own Provinces were exposed to Danger.

7th. That by aggrandising the Vizier, it might render him a dangerous Neighbour, and deprive the Company of the Benefits of his Alliance.

8th. That it was resolved on precipitately, without a formal Treaty, the Conditions of it appearing only in a Letter from the Vizier, where they are loosely expressed, and liable to Evasion.

9th. That the Condition which the Vizier expresses, that the Brigade should never depart without his Permission, was an Instance of Arrogance in him, and of an unbecoming Submission in the late Administration, and might prove the Cause of their being detained for ever.

In the above Articles, I have not confined myself to the public Records, but have endeavoured to collect the Substance of all I have seen or heal'd upon this Side of the Argument, and have chosen to clothe it in my own Language; that which I have found prepared for me not being in every Instance such as I allow myself to use, even in Retaliation of Personal Injury, much less in Application to Measures which immediately regard myself.

I shall reply separately to each.

First. I have read over with great Attention all the Letters which have been received from the Honourable Court of Directors since the Year 1769, and long ago abstracted all the Paragraphs written within that Period upon the Subject of the Company’s political Concerns, those having been given me for my special Guidance in my Negociations with the Vizier the last Year at Benares.

I find nothing contained in any of these which expressly applies to the same in Question. I meet with Injunctions to avoid new Connections.

Answer to Charges ffguinlt him*

Vide Mr. Francis's Minutes entered in Consultation of the 3d November.

General Letter, 1 ith Muy 1769, Par. 3 and 16.

30th June 1769, Par# 1 and 3.

InstruCMons to the Com mi ffi oners, Par. a.

"To endeavour to keep Peace it) Bengal, and with GeneI, LUt* the neighbouring Powers, and to confine our Views to the Security and Tranquillity, of not to

acquire further Possessions, but to advert to the good Management of those which we have; to incline to those few Chiefs of Indostan, who are in a Condition

" to

1

684

2° Maii.

A. 178

Mr.Hastings’ Answer to

Charges against him.

€t to struggle with the Marattas; to defend the King's " Person, and the DifiriCfcs of Corah and Allahabad, " which is mentioned as an Exception to their limited " Plan; to make known to the Powers of India, that " it is by no Means the Intention of the Company to encroach upon their Neighbours, or to acquire an " Extenhon of Dominion by Conquest: That they regard with a jealous Eye the increasing Power of the €< Marattas; and that it w ould be bad Policy to take " Part in any Operations, which might weaken the few " remaining Chiefs, who are in a Condition to oppose u their Encroachments."

hend it will clearly appear, that the Principle primt by the Honourable Court of Di specting their Political and Military Operations, wa

infilled upon by the Honourable Court of Directors

General Lee-ter,.28th August if71, Par. 45.

avoid die Extension of Territory, and this we have n attempted.

The Prohibition of Military Expeditions, ur taken beyond the prescribed Bounds of their own 1 vinces, and those of their Allies, on prudential cautionary Motives, or other Causes, independen Territorial Acquisitions, is only to be inferred frorr Tenor and Tendency of their Reasonings on the foi Subject.

It is evident, that it was not from Inattention their Orders never exprelied a Prohibition of this E but that they rather avoided it from a Convii that it might be sometimes necessary, and becaul would have been difficult to mark the Limitatior it.

This Conclusion I draw, not only from the Tw<

But the following Extracts are so pointedly apposite to the Subject, that I shall take the Liberty to quote them at large.

" It is with the most serious Concern we learn, from " your late Advices, that the Incursions of the Marattas " had spread such a Terror and Despondence into the " Minds of those Powers which were the remoter Barrier

" of our Poflessions, that the Irresolution and Timidity Paragraphs of their Orders, which 1 have quote " of the most potent of them have given rile to such Length, and which were dictated by the Experiem " SuccelTes, as have encouraged the Marattas to invade past Advices, and a more intimate Consideration o the Dominions of the King, and lay claim to Part of Subject, but even from their Orders so far back a* the Territory of Sujah Dowlah. 30th of June 1769; in which, having declared ag

" But the Conduct of the Rohillas and Jauts, is an Extensionj)f Poflessions in the Firflt Paragraph, " rather a Matter of Concern than Surprize to us, as " the King and Siijah Dowlah neglected that Occasion to ‘ unite with those Powders effectually to repel the common Disturbers of the Empire, and confine them within the Limits of their former Poflessions.

To whatever Causes this general Timidity or Supineness may have been owing, we find ourselves equally affected, and the Tranquillity of the Provinces

(i

it

add in the Third their " Opinion, that the most " dent System they could pursue, and the most 1 "to be attended with a permanent Security tc " Provinces, would be to incline to those Chie u lndostan who yet preserve an Independence of u Maratta Power, and are in a Condition to ftr\ <c with them."

But in the Two last of the above Quotations the

" endangered thereby; but as the Projects of the King, no Occasion of logical Surmises to discover the I

a

u

Ci

u

tions of the Honourable Court of Directors; the us plainly, that it is their Wiffi " to confine their \ to the Security of their own Poflessions, and the their Allies; but that they foresee the Necessit certain Cafes, of carrying their Arms beyond Bounds, and of becoming Parties in an offi " War;" and they promise us an early Communic of their Instructions with regard to the Lengths to v

iC

it

tc

it

it

iC

General Letter to Fort St. George, of 24th November 1772, Par. 10.

or the Conduct of the Vizier, are at present too mvfterious for us to decide on the Motives of their Inactivity, and as we know not what Alliances may be formed to justify us in carrying our Arms beyond " the Bounds of their Dominions, we are prevented u from proposing any precise Plan for your Guidance " in this Respect; but should your subsequent Advices €i enable us to form a more certain Judgment of the " Expediency of departing from the Plan we have laid they will allow this Doctrine to be extended. In u down, we shall communicate to you, by lbme early Letter to the Presidency of Fort St. George, they a Conveyance, how far we may be disposed to carry rize them, in express Terms, u to observe no long* our Arms beyond the Bounds of the Provinces, or the " Neutrality so heartily wiflfted for by them, in case Territories of our Allies, and become the Parties in " should judge it necessary for their Interests to d " an offensive War. " from it." And it is not to be supposed tha

" In the mean Time, we trust your foie ObjeCis will Court of Directors would recommend one Line of be the Security of our Possessions, and those of the duct for their Government of Fort St. George, ai Powers with whom we are connected both by Treaty opposite one for Bengal; much less that they 1 and Interest; and as this appears to have been the admit of such a Deviation from their former ] Guide of your Conduct upon the Marattas invading Plan on merely Political Motives, attended wi the Province of Corah, we with Pleasure approve the heavy Expence, and yet prohibit it under Circuml Measures you have taken for defending the Dominions which, in Addition to the same Motives, have " of the King and Vizier from their Inroads and Depre- Consideration of Oeconomy to recommend it, w dations; more especially, as those Measures are not Prospect of an Increase to their Finances, at i only justified by Necessity, hut are within the Line when their Diilreffes, both at Home and Abr which we have prescribed for your Conduct in such a urgently required such an Increase, and the Conjuncture." ' peremptory Commands (as I have already o

" The Line of Neutrality is still recommended, but the rendered it the first Object of our Attention. Board are authorized to depart from it whenever the I presume to affirm, both for myself and tl Interests of the Company shall be endangered, or Members of the late Council, that no Perio shall materially require it." Company’s Annals has been more evidently chav

by an exact Submission to their Commands, 1 The Directions promised us in the Letter of the 28th in which 1 have had the Honour to preside in t of August 1771, have never yet been lent us, nor have we nistration; and for the Truth of this I dare since received any further Lights to guide us on this im- the Honourable Court of Directors. But in portant Subject, which I presume to place to the Account wtiich their Commands do not specially apply of the Troubles which have embarrassed the Company at such Measures as at the same Time approach Home. the Spirit of their General Instructions, and

From the above Quotations, and the Consistency which to the Advancement of their Interests* is the strongly marks all the Orders on this Subject* I appre- both of our Obedience and Fidelity.

(4

tc

11

ti

it

it

6 Geo. III.

Mali.

6 85

We might have suffered the Marattas, under Cover of the King’s Grant, to take Possession of Corah and Allahabad, to have allied themselves to the or established themselves in that Territory, and lain with their Armies unmolested on the Borders of the open Country of our Ally, the Vizier, till they had completed every Preparation for invading it. Such a Forbearance might* perhaps have been vindicated by the Plea, that the tonipaiiy- had promised, at the Distance of Two Years preceding it, to fumish us with their Instructions for a different Conduct; and that, wanting those Instructions, we took for our Rule their latest Orders on the Subject, which enjoined us to confine our Views to the bare Security of our own Possessions, and those of our Allies. This might have been a sure Way to guard our Characters against legal Imputation, although in FaA it would have been inconliftent with the Security required. But it is not by such cold and prudential Cautions that the British Name has acquired such a Lustre in India, nor that the British Empire in Bengal is likely to be perpetuated; neither is this the Conduct which the Company demands of us; their Orders are informed by a more liberal Spirit, and allow, in such Cases as are not reducible to fixt and invariable Poli-tions, a discretional Latitude for the Zeal of their Servants to exert itself for their Security. . I cannot better iilufirate this, than by the following Extract of their General Letter, dated the 30th of June 1769, Paragraph 5. " We esteem ourselves bound by

" Treaty to prated the King’s Person, and to secure " him the Possession of the Corah and Allahabad Districts. When we wrote, the nth of November " 1768, we apprehended the Consequences of keeping the Brigade at Allahabad would be creating in " Sitjah Doralah a Jealously that would involve us in " fresh Troubles, having at that Time na Cause to 11 esteem him an Enemy; but, impressed as you were " with an Opinion of his hostile. Intentions and " growing Strength, at the Time of the Dispatch of " the Valentine, we shall not blame your Caution for " deferring the Execution of our Orders for its Removal; nor '’shall we at this Time attempt to give " positive Directions for your Conduct, which in " such critical Cafes ought seldom to be done, and " in which the Situation of Affairs may be varied " by unforeseen Events, at the very Moment we are writing; but having given you, with as much " Precision as possible, a general View of the System " by which we with to have our Affairs regulated, " we rauft leave it to you to improve, to the utmost of your Power, every Opportunity of drawing to-u wards that Point; and whenever you think yourselves obliged, for our Security, upon emergent " Occasions, to adopt Measures of a contrary Tendeucy, you are to give us very full Ileafons for " such a Deviation, and endeavour to return to the " Path we have marked out as loon as Circumstances " will admit."

2d. The Second Objection is partly true. The Board have repeatedly declared, in their General Letters to the Court of Directors, their Intentions to «<lhere to the defensive Plan recommended to them, and to confine their Military Operations within the Limits of the Vizier’s Territories, and such were their Determinations when those Letters were written; but, at those Times, they had not fully ex-

g'rienced the Inconveniencies which attended our ngagements with the Vizier in the Prosecution of that System, nor had the Remedy occurred which since presented itself, in the Conditions offered for profeculing the Rohilla Enterprize, and which has been fucctfsfully applied. Our Treaty of Alliance obliged us to support the Vizier, when his Possessions were threatened with Invasion, at an heavy increased Vol. 41-

Military Expence, and the Exportation of our Currency Mr. Halting*' with our Troops. For three successive Years these In- Answer to conveniencies had recurred, and it was impossible to say how often they might recur. At last an Occasion 0 took Place, w hen by a flight Deviation from the defensive Plan, our Alliance with the Vizier might be converted into solid Advantages; the Employment of our Troops made to save near a Third Part of our Military Expences, and the Success of their Operations to bring a large Flow of Currency, not only into the Company’s Territories, but into their Treasury; in Effect, the very same Iieafons which before urged us to lhun every Military Expedition, namely, the Expence attending it, and the Exportation of our Currency, now operated in the contrary Direction, and recommended the Employment of our Army for the Purposes of reducing our Expences, and adding to our Currency.

The preceding Argument respects only the general Subject of Foreign Expeditions. It has been urged also, as an Argument against the particular Cale in Question, that the Board, when they adopted the Measure of the Rohilla War, were themselves convinced of the Impropriety of it, from the Declaration made by them repeatedly, in their Letters to the Court of Directors, of their Wilh and Hope that it might not take Place.

Upon this I beg Leave to oiler the following Re» flections:

A Consistency of Measures is difficult to be ,preserved among a Body of Men, because an accidental Majority may occasionally decide for contrary Relo-lutions; yet such a same has never happened at our Board. A Consistency of Opinions is not to be expected: The Proposition for the Rohilla War, after having palfed the Select Committee, was debated for.

Three successive Days in Council, in which the Board met, as I recollect, both Morning and Evening, to difeufs it; no Two Members agreed exactly in Opinion, and it was difficult to reconcile them; at last they came to a final Agreement, to leave it to me to accommodate my own as nearly as I could to the collective Sense of the Whole; which was done with much Management, and the Proposition was agreed to in the Manner it which it stands in Consultation 26th November 1773.

My Sentiments were the same invariably from the Beginning, as will be seen from my Report to the Board of my Proceedings at Benaris, and my Minute entered in the Consultation above referred to Private Letters are not commonly admissible as Authorities; but on this Occasion I cannot produce a stronger, both of my own fixed Opinion from the First Movement of this Proposition, and of the Apprehension which influenced the Board, and I confess myself also, against it, than in the following Extract of a Letter which 1 wrote to a Gentleman in the Direction by the First Dispatch after my Return from Benaris: — " I was glad to be freed from " the Rohilla Expedition, because I was doubtful of " the Judgment which would have been passed upon it " at Home, where I fee too much Stress laid upon " general Maxims, and too little Attention given to the " Circumstances which require an Exception to be made " from them. Betides this, an Opinion full prevails of " the Vizier’s great Power, and his treacherous Designs " against us; and I cannot expect that my Word " should be taken as a Proof of their Non-existence j " On the other Hand, the Absence of the »

" and the weak State of the Rohjllas, promised an '

" easy Conquest of them; and I own, that such was " my Idea of the Company’s Distress at Home, added " to my Knowledge of their Wants Abroad, that I " should have been glad of any Occaliou to employ " their Forces, which saves so much of their Pay and " Expences.’’

8 M When

P

6S6

Mail.

A. 178

Charges tgamfi him.

ttr.Haftinp* When the Measure was determined upon, and we Part of our Forces; and under such Circumftai

Answer to had come to a general Agreement, I was averse to in- (even without reckoning upon the Acquisition wl

troduce any new Subject of Debate, and therefore easily was the immediate Object of the Enterprize, to red

acquiesced in the Expression of a Wi(h entertained by the Company’s Military Expences, by employing t the Board which might be construed as inconsistent Proportion of their Troops which was superfluous with the Resolution we had taken. My Sentiments of the Purpose of their own Defence) vyas a great i

the Propriety of the Expedition had undergone no manifest Advantage; but when the stipulatted Ac(

Change; but I will not deny, that I felt myielf in- fition of 40 Lacks, and the Political Advantages fluenced by the same Fears which operated in the other fulting from the Measure, are l’uperadded, the vision Members of the Council, that the Propriety of the Idea of Danger, which did not exilt even in Imaginat Measure might not be seen in the same Light by our at the Time the Expedition w>as undertaken, can h; Constituents; w'hich we knew, from the Temper of the no Weight as an Objection; especially as, from < Times, might not only draw upon us their severe Resent- own Know ledge of the open and defenceless State ment, but aggravate the Load of popular Odium which the Rohilla Country, wre were morally certain that has of late fallen on their Servants; and, if I mistake Undertaking would soon be brought to an Blue, not, these Realons are assigned in express Terms upon our ancient Treaty with the Vizier, we are bound our Proceedings. assist him with our Forces within his paternal D01

nions; and the Distance bctwreen their Borders and 3d. The Engagements between the Vizier and the remotest Parts to which our Troops have marched Rohillas, which have been already quoted, sufficiently only 200 Miles. I will only add, that so long evince the Justice of the Attack upon them. They agreed no immediate Danger threatens our own Provinces to make him an Acknowledgment of 40 Lacks of Ru- is my earnest With that One of our Three Brigai

pees upon certain Conditions — he performed those might constantly be employed with the Vizier, as well

Conditions; and they refused Payment of the Money save so large a Proportion of Expence to the Compa

they had promised.

4th. No Political Transaction can be mathematically demonstrated to be totally free from Danger. The probable Advantages must be weighed against the probable Disadvantages: When the present Measure was undertaken, there was every Reason to expect that it would be speedily brought to an happy Conclusion; and the Event has proved that our Expectations were well grounded.

as to prevent the ill Consequences of total Inactivity our Army.

7th. The addition of Territory acquired by Vizier, instead of railing him to be a dangerous Nei< hour, serves to render him more dependent upon us tl before; as he has more Occasion for our Assistance enable him to maintain it, and to support him agai the Claims of other Powers. If his Increase of Wea be an Object of Jealously, let it be considered how larg the Company lharein it. From September 1773 to S tember 1775, the Sums we have to receive from hi

5th. The Marattas did not polfefs, nor had any Claim upon, any Part of the Rohilla Country on the by our late Engagements, amount to 130 Lacks North of the Ganges, when we undertook to assist the Rupees.

Vizier in the Conquest of it. They might with much more Reason have attacked us for opposing them in their Designs on the Corah Districts, of which they had obtained a Grant from the King; but in Fa6t a timid Conduct would have been more likely to involve us in a War with them, than either of these Measures.

Had they been allowed to subdue the Corah DistriCfc nd the Country of the Rohillas, the Vizier’s Territory adVh ^^7," after’ the'm'oft’ample'Disc’uffion would have been open to their Incursions; their nu- the Selea Committee and in the Council; it was n merous Horse might have plundered it, in Spite of the therefore precipitately resolved on. It is true, that i Efforts of our Infantry, and their continued Ravages formal Xr^at was executed for the Conditions on whi might have obliged him to come to an Accommodation we were to afoft the vizier; nor did the Occasion, whi with them, as was once apprehended on Terms winch wa3 0„, teinporar„ renUire it. The Multiplication would have afforded them an easy Entrance into our Treaties' weakens their Efficacy, and therefore they Ihou

8th. I have already remarked, that the First Pi position for the Rohilla War was made by the Vizi in a Letter which I received from him in June 177 that it was employed afterwards in the Negociations Benares, as an Instrument for winning his Consent to t Payment of the full Expences of the Troops employed his Service; and that it was not finally resolved on I

own Provinces. In short, we are much better secured against their Attacks than we otherwise should have been; and the better we are secured, the less will they be disposed to attack us.

be reserved only for very important and permanent O ligations. The Form which was dictated to the Vizi for the Letter which was to describe the Conditio of this Engagement, it is true, is not of itself iuf ciently clear; but it is explained by my Letter whii accompanied it, and the Reference therein made

6th. In Reply to this Objection, I will in the First Place affirm, that, merely for the Defence of our own the Conditions which had been formerly proposed Provinces, Two Brigades upon the present Establish- Benaris, as they stood in the Three First Articles

ment are sufficient; a Third is neceflkry to add to our Influence amongst the Powers of Indostan, to sup-

Eirt our Alliance with the Vizier, and to answer other xigencies which my happen at a more remote Period of Time. Upon the late Occasion, when the

the Draft which had been prepared for the Trea before the Rohilla Expedition was suspended. F< the fuller Elucidation of the Subject, these Arlicli are here subjoined. The Two First had been agree to by the Vizier; to the Third he objected, withir

Rohilla Expedition was undertaken, our Apprehen- rather to engage for the Payment of the whole Su

fions of an Invasion from the French had entirely ceased; the Dissentions among the Marattas fully employed them at Home, and are mentioned among the iecondary Inducements in Favour of the Undertaking; there was no other Enemy from whom we could have the least Apprehension of Danger. Such was the Occasion to be embraced for effecting our Purpose, by a temporary Employment of a Third

04

at Once, when the Conquest was completed. It fortunate that the latter Mode was adopted; tl Completion of the Conquest having been actual effected, and the Stipulation, although objected by the Vizier w hen first demanded, after the Defe

of the Rohillas, having since been acknowledged 1

him to be due.

26 Geo. III. ab Mail. 687

complete; nor can I devise any ether Condition which Mr. Halting*' The Three First Articles of the First Draft would have removed his Apprehensions. If the Board *"fwer to

of the Treaty. judged the Proposition reasonable, it certainly was not him; -

unbecoming in them to assent to it. It remains, there-ift. " Whereas the RohiUa Chiefs, in the Month fore, to examine, whether it was reasonable, and whether " of June 1772, entered into a Treaty with the this Power granted to the Vizier was liable to Danger or

" Vizier, in the Presence and with the Concurrence Inconvenience.

u of General Sir Robert Barker, by which they en- I have already shewn, that the Removal of the " gaged to pay him 40 Lacks of Rbpees for his Af- Brigade to such a Distance would not prove of Danger fiftance against the Marattas, and which Treaty to our own Provinces, l>ecause it was not wanted for " they have treacherously broken; it is therefore their Defence: that it would be productive of no In- agreed, that a Brigade of the Company’s Forces convenience, because it occasioned an entire Sul’pen- shall join the Vizier, and assist to punish them, fion of the Company’s Payments during its Ernployand that he shall pay the Whole of its Expence, inent. It is not to be denied, that there are possible " By a Brigade is meant Two Battalions of Europeans, Cafes, in which it may be wanted for the Protection of " One Company of Artillery, and Six Battalions of Bengal; but thele are out of the Reach of all Probabi-Sepoys; and the Expence is settled at Sonaut ltu- lity, and too remote to be quoted as an Objection to " pees 2,10,000 per Month. The Company’s Troops the patent Engagement.

shall not cross the Ganges, nor march beyond the I am hot apprehensive that the Vizier will insist oil " Foot of the Hills. The Vizier shall retain as his keeping the Brigade continually with him; my Fears " own that Part of the Rohilla Country which lies on are, that he may dil'mjfs it; as there is every Reason " the North-Ealt Side of the Ganges-, but, in Con- to wish its Continuance with him, and none, no, not " sideration of the Company’s relinquishing all Claim One, for its Recall. When the Brigade was formerly to share in the said Country, although it is to be employed with the Vizier, and the Share of its Monthly tf conquered by their joint Forces, the Vizier en- Expences defrayed by him was only 30,000, and after*

" gages to make them an Acknowledgment of 40 wards 1,15,000 Rupees per Month, he never shewed " Lacks of Rupees, and in future to defray the whole any Earnestness for its Continuance with him beyond the Expence of the Company’s Troops, agreeable to Duration of the particular Service for which it had been " the Date above mentioned, whenever he has Occa- wanted, but was ever ready to propose its Return; it is " fion for their Assistance, notwithstanding it is fti- not likely, therefore, that he should be more felicitous " pulated in the Second Article of the Treaty of now for its perpetual Residence in his Country, at ail " Allahabad, concluded by the Vizier and the Com- Expence to him of 25 Lacks a Year, which he must

" pany on the 16th August 1765, that he shall pay pay, and w'hich his Income, even with the late Additions " only their extraordinary Charges. to it, can barely afford.

2. " The Vizier may retain the Brigade aforesaid, He knows, that whenever he shall require the Preon the above-mentioned Terms, as long as he shall fence of the Brigade, it will be for our Interest to " require it, unless it shall be necessary to recall it grant it; and he will therefore part with it when his for the Defence of the Company’s own Territories; own Occasions, which in this Instaqce must be conand he may employ them for the Protection of any fined to the Defence of his own Dominions, no longer " Part of his Country; but they shall be kept to- require it, that the Charge of its Maintenance may be gether in One Body, and not dispersed on different shifted from his Account to the Company's, and thijt Commands, except such Detachments as the Com- he may be subject to that Burden only when he is an " manding Officer shall judge necessary in the Time immediate Gajner by it. This may suffice to shew the " of actual Service. He may return the Whole or little Rilk we ran, had we absolutely engaged the Bri- Part of the said Brigade, whenever he has no further gaffe to hipi as long as he might choose to retain it:

" Occasion for their Services, and he shall cease to But in thp present Cafe, (as I have already explained " defray their Expences as soon as they shall enter the in the preceding Article) it was understood by both " Province of Bahar. But as the Company cannot Parties, and indeed is inseparable from the Nature of " rifle the Credjt of their Arms, by allowing a Imaller thp Engagement, and the original Conditions of our " Force to remain with the Vizier than Half a Brigade, mutual Alliance, that we might recall it, if required for " it is provided that he shall either retain One Half of our own Protection, not only without any Imputation " the Brigade, or return the Whole. Upon their Dif- of Breach of Faith, but (unless it was done in lb premission, they shall depart with all convenient Expe- cipitate a Manner as to defeat the Purpose of the Expe-0 dition; and, to, prevent any future Disputes from dition) even without affording him a Pretext for refusing " arising on this Subject, the Time of their March t,o the Payment of the 40 Lacks.’’

" the Borders of his Province shall be coqiputed at the

" Rate of 5 Cofs per Day, from the Place where they Here I shall clofo this long Quotation, and return commenced their March. back to the present Occasion, only to collect all the

3. *4 The Vizier engages to pay the 40 Lacks of scattered Materials to their destined Point — I hope

" Rupees stipulated in the ill Article by Monthly and trust, that I have now proved to this Honourable Payments of Lacks, to commence from the House, that the Rohilla War was not prohibited, but " End of the Month Rabbee Ullmvull, or 10th June authorized by the Court of Directors; that it ori1774: but should any Accident (which God for- ginated in Measures which were purely defensive, and " bid!) oblige our Forces to retire from the Rohilla which were in Train before my Accession to the GoCountry, and prevent the Vizier from obtaining vernment; that my Share of it was warranted by the " Possession of it, the said 40 Lacks shall not be strictest Justice, in Retaliation of gross Perfidy and u demanded." Violation of Faith; that it was undertaken with every

well-grounded Assurance of Success; and terminated 9th. It was neither arrogant nor unreasonable in in great and permanent Advantages to the East India the Vizier to require, that since his entire Dependence Company, for the Success of the Enterprize which he had projected, was on the Brigade of the Company’s Forces, the Brigade should not abandon him while he was engaged in it, nor while the Issue of it remained in*

Vox.. 41, Aiifwgr

688

Mr. Halting* Answer to Charges against him.

Secret Committee, 5th Report, N° 1%.

Secret Committee, 5th Report, N° 46.

2

Answer to the Second Charge.

King’s Tribute, and Cession of Corah.

The Second Charge is divided into Two Parts — the stopping of the King’s Tribute, and the Delivery of the Provinces of Corah and Illahabad to Shuja Dtmla. I shall not find it necessary to take up much of the Time of the House in my Observations on these Points.

When Shuja Dozvla invaded the Bahar Province in 1764, the King accompanied him; and on his Defeat at Buxar by Sir Hector Munro, he remained in the Possession of the victorious Army. He had the Name of Royalty, but not the final left degree of Power. Every Province of Hindostan might acknowledge his Sovereignty, and strike Coins in his Name, but none of them made him any Remittances for his Support, nor paid the least Regard to his Orders. In this Situation he accompanied our Army to the Neighbourhood of Benaris, and there remained till we had completed the Conquest of Shuja Dozcla's Dominions. The Palace of Illahabad was then assigned him for his Habitation; and at the Treaty of Illahabad in 1765, Lord Clive and his Council thought it proper, partly I believe from Humanity, and partly from Political Motives, to give him for his Support the Provinces of Cora and Illahabad, and a Tribute of 26 Lacks of Rupees from Bengal. I do not mean to deny the Validity of the Treaty of Illahabad, and I avow the Necessity of our adhering to it lb long as the King remained under our Protection; but I have given this short Narrative of his Situation, in order to shew, that by the Terms of the Treaty he was under Obligations to us rather than we to him, and that we were not bound by Ties of Gratitude to subject ourselves to any Inconveniencies on his Account, more than our Engagements ablo-lutely required. It is not expressed in these Engagements, either that the Tribute should be continued to him in whatever Situation he should place himself, or that it should only be paid him during his Residence at Illahabad; but certainly it would have been repugnant to Common Sense to have paid it nominally to him, but really to the Marattas, to strengthen them against ourselves and our Allies. — This, however, is rather a Justification of the Court of Directors, than of myself. It is sufficient for my Exculpation to shew that I acted in Conformity to their Orders. In their Letter of the 11th of November 1768, they say, " If he (the King) flings himself " into the Hands of the Marattas, or any other " Power, we are disengaged from him, and it may " open a fair Opportunity of withholding the 26 " Lacks we now' pay him." When he actually did fling himself into the Hands of the Marattas, the Tribute was accordingly withheld: The Directors approved of its being withheld; and in their Letter of the 3d of March 1775, written, I imagine, with the Concurrence of His Majesty’s Ministers, ordered, that " no " further Remittances should be made to him without " their express Permission."

With respect to Cora and Illahabad, when the King granted them to the Marattas, we must either have let them fall into their Possession — or have taken them to ourselves — or kept them for the King — or ceded them to Shuja Dmcla: To have allowed the Marattas to possess them, would have been contrary to the Tenor of the Company’s Orders for same Years before, and would have increased their Power, which was already rilen to an alarming Height, and would have endangered the Possessions of our Ally, which we we were bound to proteCh

rnii. 111 A. 178

Had we taken them to ourselves, we should h excited the Jealously of Shuja Dou'ta, to whom t had before belonged, and weakened our Alliance \ him, which it was very much our Interest to j serve and strengthen; and we should have been to great Inconvenience in defending Countries widely separated from our other Possessions; so ought to be remembered, that at that Time the in mediate Province of Benaris did not belong to Company.

To have kept them for the King would have posed us to the same Inconveniencies as the takinj them to ourselves; and we could not be under least Obligation to do 1b, when he had abando them in Opposition to the Advice and Remonftrai of our Government, and had actually granted tl to the Marattas. Had we advised him to th himself into the Hands of the Marattas, and 1 had extorted this Grant from him, he might have Ibme Claim upon us for the Defence of them in Behalf; but when he did it in Opposition to Advice, whether he granted them to the Mara voluntarily, or suffered them to be extorted from 1 this Question could make no other Difference, 1 that in the One same we might have considered j a Measure of Hostility, in the other, only as a C sequence of his Imbecility; but in neither could be bound to preserve them for him. When he thus alienated the Right, the Right ceased of courl be his; and the Question of Right then lay only tween the Marattas and ourselves, and they were Enemies.

I am charged, that is to say, the Council in t Instructions to me are charged, with an Incor ency in having acknowledged the King’s Right reclaim the Diflri&s of Cora and Illahabad, if should make Overtures to renew his former ( nection, and yet resolving not to yield this Ri but in Return for the Surrender of another equ valid. This is no Inconsistency. We certainly flu have been entitled to some Retribution for the Il< tition of a Grant which he must have owed enti and exclusively to our Power; and with such g Faith did we deal towards him that we began Business by informing him of our Intentions in Favour, and by requesting that he w'ould fend f Person to us to treat for the Restitution of these J vinces. He did not avail himself of this Offer, left us with these Provinces an Incumbrance our Hands, and with no other Expedient in Power but that of making them over to the Na Shuja Dowla, the nearest Ally of the Company, the first Constitutional Servant of the Empire, whom these Provinces had originally and recently longed. Equally consistent with thele Sentiment: the Council’s Letter of the lit of March 1773, w was principally intended to notify our Relblc of not relinquishing the le Provinces to the j rattas; and it is peculiarly hard, that not 1 my Actions should be examined, but that e Expression, whether of mine or of the Count should be criticised as a Ground of Parliamen Impeachment.

I have laid, that the only remaining Expedi with regard to these Provinces, was the Measure adopted of ceding them to Shuja Doit Id. The nor of the Company’s Letter of the 11 th of Noi her 1768, which I have already quoted, implies, they would have been satisfied had we allowed to take Possession of them without any pecur Consideration whatever. By the Agreement, how* for 50 Lacks, we procured to the Company a m rial Assistance, at a Time when the Situation of I Aflfairs very much required it, and when they urged us in the strongest Terms to find out for t

e

a6 GeO. III. 2° Mali. 68a

(every possible Resource. Shu}a was anxious for the Post'ession of these Provinces, not only for the Advantage which he might derive from them, but on a Point of Honour, as being Part of his ancient Dominions; and lie esteemed himself obliged to us for the Cdfion of them, notwithstanding the Price which he paid. Our Alliance with him therefore was strengthened by the Sense which he entertained of this Obligation, and still more by the Nccefiity of our Abidance to support him against the Claims of the Marattas to the same Provinces; which would make him look up to us as his natural Allies, and effectually preclude a Poffi-bility of what laid sometimes been apprehended, an Alliance between him and the , to our Prejudice. It is true, a Part of our Army might be wanted to defend thele Provinces when they were Shuja Daula's, as well as when they were our own; but in the One same we were only Auxiliaries, in the other we should engage in the War as Principals; — in the One same our Troops would only be wanted occasionally, at his Expence, in the other they must be constantly stationed there at our own; — in the One same their Expences would be . defrayed by foreign Wealth, in the other they must be paid by Remittances from Bengal; for there is every Reason to believe, that in case of an Invasion scarcely any Thing could have been collected from the Country. As to the Stipulation with Shuja Dawla being inadequate, I will only observe, that Mr. Lawrelwho was sent to investigate the Value, states the probable Revenue, in peaceable Times, at Illahabad Rupees 22,09,416. 11. 10; that Shuja Dowla had a Claim to thele Provinces as well as ourselves; that it was with great Difficulty I could persuade him to give so much as 50 Lacks; and that I am clearly of Opinion it would have been better to have given them to him for Nothing than to have kept them ourselves. 'Upon the Whole, I affirm that the Measures objected to me in this Charge were perfectly confident with Justice; that they were productive of no One Inconvenience, but, on the contrary, were highly advantageous to the Company. I flatter myself that this will appear equally proved to the Judgment of this Honourable House; but that at leaf! they will think me secured from Censure by the very full Approbation contained in the Company’s Letter of the 3d of March 'l 775, with which I shall beg Leave to conclude what I have to lay on.this Subject; observing only, that it does not seem very candid in my Accuser to take particular secret com. Notice of the Company’s Orders, which he asserts that Report, v 46. I transgressed, and of their Disapprobation with respect to the Rohella War, and totally to pass over in Silence their Orders which I obeyed, and their entire Approbation on the Matters contained in this his Second Charge. The following are the Words in which the Company were pleased to express themselves on this Subject.

32. " Having taken into our most serious Consideration the Circumstances which induced our President " and Council to suspend Payment of the Tribute to his Majesty Shaw Aalum, we must declare that his own " Conduct has rendered that Measure not only expedient u but absolutely necessary."

33. " We have heretofore signified our earned " Desire to have his Majesty accommodated, if pot

Able, with a suitable Residence within the Limits " of Bengal, in order to avoid those Evils which we " soon found would result from a continual Drain of " the circulating Specie of the Provinces; but notwithstanding we were adored that such Residence " -would have been for the King’s real Advantage, 4* yet, as his Majesty discovered an Aversion to the " Measure, we never abated in our Attention to his ft Person, which is fully evinced by the regular Pay-Voi. 41.

" ment of the stipulated Tribute. We thought it Mr. Huttings*

" incumbent on us to lay our Sentiments before his Majesty, but we took no Steps whatever which Jlfthim,

" could be construed as intending to restrain him " from acting on the Occasion as he should think " proper. It was, however, with deep Concern we " observed the King’s Views were such as appeared to " us altogether inconsistent with his Circumstances:

" Instead of availing himself of a Situation so eligible as " that which the Provinces might have afforded him,

" his Majesty gave us early Proofs that nothing less " than the Post'ession of Dchly could satisfy his Delires;

" and the Measures adopted and pursued by him for

" that Purpose were utterly repugnant to the Interests " of the Company."

34. " The Junction of his Majesty with the,

" the Defeat of his Army by their Troops, and the " Cession of the Provinces assigned for his Support, were " Circumstances so alarming, that it became the

" pensible Duty of our President and Council to seize " the Opportunity which then offered for preventing " those Provinces from falling into the Hands of the " Marattas, who were not only become formidable to

" our Ally, Shuja ul Dowla, but were evidently aspiring " to universal Conquest."

35. " Although the Provinces of Cora and Illahabad " were reserved to the King by the Treaty of 1765, we " can by no Means allow that his Majesty acquired by " this Treaty a Right to resign them into the Hands of " our Enemies. As the Vizier of the Empire is the " First Officer under his Majesty, and as the Territories " in Question were formerly held by the Vizier, we " cannot but be of Opinion that our Servants acted with " great Propriety in committing them again to his " Management, when it became absolutely impossible " for his Majesty to hold them in his own immediate Post'ession. And as the King had not only with*

" drawn himself from our Protection, and abandoned " the Countries assigned to him, but also continued " by his Presence, to countenance the Depredations " of the Marattas, we fully approve the Resolution " of our President and Council, under these Circum-'

" dances, to suspend Payment of the Tribute to his Majesty; as we think the general Principles of Self- preservation warranted them to withhold Resources " which, if sent, they knew must fall into the Hands of " the Marattas, and which they had every Reason to " believe would be appropriated to the Use of their " Army, and contribute towards enabling them to commit Hostilities on our own Provinces, or on those of " our Allies."

36. " For the above Reasons, we, upon the maturest Deliberation, confirm the Treaty of and

" we also hereby direct that no further Remittances be " made to the King, without our express Permission first " obtained for the Purpose."

In the Close of the Charge I am again accused of Inconsistency, in having affirmed at one Time that " we " held the Dominion of Bengal by the Sword, which I " falsely declared the Source of Right, and the natural " Charter of Dominion;" and that at a later Period 1 had declared, " that the Sovereignty of the Family of " ShawAllum is universally acknowledged, and that

" the Company still derives its constitutional Dominion " from their ostensible Bounty." Any Opinions, however accurately agreeing with themselves in their authentic Construction, may be made to difegree, and even to contradict each other, by the Mutilation or Omission of the Parts which compose their Connection;

I affirm, as a Fact unquel'tioned, and unquestionable, that we derive our original Title to our Possessions in Bengal from the Sword alone. What additional Right

8 N the

k

2° Maiu 178

Mr.Mailings' the Kings Phirmaun gave us, it is unnecessary for me CharCF to to examine. Thus much, however, I may be allowed

aguinh him. to lay, that it found us in Possession, and that our substantial Possession was never visibly mended by it. And all that the subsequent Pofltion ascribed to me affirms is, that the Sovereignty of the House of Timur, though universally acknowledged, to longer existed hi Substance, and that the Company had derived no more than the mere Form or Shadow of a Grant from it; that it derived its constitutional Dominion from its ostensible Bounty; that is to say, that it gave what it could, and that what it did give was a mere Name, though the Acceptance of the Intention might entitle the Donor to a Return of Kindness, where it could be given con-fiftently with our own Policy. Let the Whole of my Declarations, as they stand in the Two Minutes which have been opposed to each other in the Charge, be read at large, and they will be found to contain these Sentiments, and to be perfeCUy consistent with each other.

I have passed by One Part of the Charge, because it shifts the Ground of the Accusation from me to my Employers, and in that Sense of it invalidates all the rest; but having done with all that related to myself, I now' recur to this: — It is stated, 44 that the East India Company having on their Part violated the Engagements, and renounced the Conditions on which they received, and have hitherto held and enjoyed, the

Dewanny of Bengal, Ba/iar, and Orissa, from the 41 King Shaw Alltint, have thereby forfeited all Right and Title to the said Dewanny arising from the said Grant; and it is free and open to the said King to resume such Grant, and to transfer it to any other Prince or State." I hope this Charge, as it stands against the East India Company, will appear to be clearly refuted in the preceding Arguments uled in this Defence; for I have not rested my own Justification Amply on Orders received, but have equally endeavoured to prove those Orders consistent with good Faith, strict Justice, and found Policy. With respeCi to the Inference drawn at the Close of the preceding Quotation, namely, 44 that the Company have forfeited all Right and Title to the Dewanny arising from the said Grant; and that it is free and open to the said King to resume such Grant, and to transfer it to any other Prince or State," I will confess that w hen I first read it, in that anxious Tendernels which a Sense of wounded Honour felt from the laboured and voluminous Mass of Accusations that lay before me, its instant Impression on my Mind was, that I had either uttered these Sentiments, so repugnant to my Duty as a Servant, and to my Loyalty as a Subject, or that they followed as an inevitable Deduction from some Expressions that I might have unguardedly made life of: Nor can I yet, notwithstanding the Change of their Application, understand them to have been introduced into a criminal Charge against me, but for such a Purpose, since, with all my Powers of Conjecture, I cannot devise any other which could be meant by it.

I rely on the Consciousness of my own undeviating Integrity, and on the Love which I bear to that Country in which it ha9 pleased God to place me, to affirm that I never did or could entertain, much less express, a Sentiment so abhorrent to my Principles as a Man, and to my Feelings as an Englishmen; and if it can be proved that I have ever made use of such a Doctrine, to become the Advocate of any Prince or State upon Earth, in Opposition to my own, I will acknowledge that I deserve to be punished with Death, and my Name to lie branded with Infamy.

Answer to the Third Charge.

Benares.

PART Ift.

It has been the Faffiion to give Histories of Benar but as far as I have had Occasion to peruse them. Reports of the Select Committee, or in anonym< Pamphlets, they are, for the greater Part, fanciful a unsupported. I shall here detail as much as I \ warranted by certain Knowledge of its former and p sent Situation, adopting, where I possibly can, the v< Words of the Third Charge against me.

44 The Territory of Be/iares is a fruitful, and 1 44 been 44 (and is at this Day) " an orderly, well c 44 tivated, and improved Province. Its Capital C 44 may rather be considered as the Seat of the Hit Religion than as the Capital of a Province." I 1 not certain of the Period at which it was annexed to 1 Mogul Empire; but it is clear, by the Ayeence Acbet that it w as a Part of the Subah of Allahabad in Acbt Time. — Catrou (Page 119) mentions a Raja Cann have been subdued by Acber, whom I conceive to hi been Raja of Benares. However, the same Ayee Acberee affects, that Sultan Mahrnood Ghaznavee (1 first Mahommedan Invader of India) came to Bern in the 410th Year of the Hejira, above 750 Years fin After Acber, his Son Jeh&n Gueer, was undoubtei Master of it; and Dara Shekuh, the eldest Son of Sh Jeluin, Son and Successor of Jehdn Gueer, resided considerable Time at Benares in a Station of Author! as we learn from his ow n Preface to a Book he compil during his Residence there. Aurengzeeb, his young Brother, and Successor to the Empire after Shah Jehi has effectually displayed to Posterity the Pow'er a Sovereignty which he exercised in Betiares, with savage Bigotry characteriftic of his Temper and Poli by a magnificent Mosque which he erected on the Sc (and even admitted into his Plan a considerable Part the Edifice) of an ancient and most superb Hir Temple. This Mosque continues perfect to this Di and with its neighbouring Minarets (which he a erected) overlooks the whole City. If Benares, in Acbt Time, was a District of the Subah of Allahabad, it cc tinued annexed to the same Province in the Time Aurengzeeb, as we learn from Catrou (Page 362) therefore never was considered as a Capital of any cc siderable Kingdom, nor yet as a Province annexed to 1 Subah of Oude. Benares is a naked defenceless Ci situated so near to the almost-impregnable Fortress Chunar, that the Possessor of the one may at all Tin be Master of the other; and this accounts for its havi been annexed to the Subah of Oude, some Time since I Invasion of Nadir Shah. Rajah Bulwant Sing, w resided at Benares with some Degree of Authority (1 who never had Permission to coin Money, nor even 1 Administration of Criminal Justice in the City itfe when the Incuriions of the Shahzadah, now the Ki Shah Allum, first drew the Attention of the English that Quarter; and, far from being a great Lord (or a Lord) of the Empire, he was a mere Dependant on I Nabob of Oude, Shujah ud Dowlah. He was origina Zemindar of a small Pergunnah, called Gungapoor, ( Purchasef not by Inherit once, for his Father, Mi serum, was not a Zemindar) yielding a Revenue about 500l. a Year. He had been patronized a employed by Sefdai* Jung, the Father of Shujah Dowlah, and was gradually promoted to be Au\ or Collector of Benares and Gazipoor. He continu in that Capacity to the Day of his Death, and tie, was Zemindar of either District. In the Year 17(

zS Geo. III. a0 Mail 69t

When Shujuh ud Dowlah'sAffairs were oh the Decline, Bulwant Sing made Overtures to the Nabob of Bengal, Meer Jaffier, to join his Army with such Troops as he could muster. General Carnac, who commanded our Army at that Time, warned the Governor and Council of Calcutta of the Rajah s Perfidy; and so well were those Gentlemen convinced of the Truth of those Allegations, that on the 6th of November of the same Year, they wrote thus to Major " With respect

" to Bulwant Sing, the double Part he acted in the

" Beginning of the War sufficiently warns us to put

" no Confidence in him; and therefore, if he has not " already been permitted to join you, or you have " entered into no Engagements with him, zee would " have him dispossessed of his and his Persoii,

" if possible, secured."--My Preileceflors, it may be

here observed, both in Language and Conduct, equalled ht least, or rather exceeded, every Thing of which I am now aecufed. I have said that Bulwant Sing never was Zemindar of Benares or Gazipoor; in Proof of this, I appeal to Bulwant Sing's own Proposals to Major Munro, dated the 21st November 1764: " If you,

" Gentlemen, chuie to possess yourselves of ud

" Dowlah's Country, I will agree to hold the Sircars " of Benares, Gauzipoor, Joittpdor, Bidjigur, &c. on

" the same Terms as I hold them from Shujah ud Dowlah." Of whose Country where the English supposed to intend a Seizure? — Of Shujah ud held the Four Sircars here mentioned? — Bulwant Sing.

Of whom did he hold them? — Of Shujah ud — By what Denomination are they described ? — As Parts of Shujah ud Dowlah’s Country. Every Word of the Proposal proves that Shu/ah ud Dowlah was Sovereign of those Sircars, and that a Seizure of Shulali ud Dowlah's Country necessariiy include the Seizure of Benares, Gauzipoor, Joinpoor, Bidjigur, See. Had Bulwant Sing possessed a separate Territory, the Conquest of Shiyah ud Dowlah's Country would not have been tantamount to a Seizure of Bulwant Sing's. Had he been Prince, dr Zemindar of those Provinces, he would naturally and of course have named them, in his Proposals, " my " Sircars," or " my Zemindairryand his Arzee, or Proposal, must, according to the universal Custom of the Country, have been signed by him " Zemindar of the " Mcth&Is Of Benares, &c. &c." Through that whole War, which terminated in the entire Defeat of Shujah ttd Dowlah, Bulwant Sing's Conduct was alternately treacherous to his Master and to us. His First Junction with us is acknowledged by the Court of Directors, in the Letter of the 26th of May 1768, to have been "of signal Service to us," and I do not deny it; but the whole Correspondence of the Bengal Government in the Years 1764 and 1765 proves that he never did us any Other Service: That he was a suspected, a faithless, and a dangerous Ally; and that but for the Treaty made with him by the Commander of our Army, the Governor and Council would have " seized his,

" and transferred his Districts to another." (See 2d Report of the Select Committee, Pages and 5, $c.) Bulwant Sing dying in August 1770, his Son Cheyt Sing fncceeded to his Rights, as Zemindar of Gungapoor. The Appointment of Farmer or Collector of Benares and Gauzipoor, reverted of course to the Vizier his Sovereign. I must observe, that in the Translations of the Persian Papers, both of those and the preceding Times, great Confusion occurs, in the Application of peculiar and definite Terms, with a loose and unguarded Signification; for in Twenty different Documents at least, quoted in the Second Report of the Select Committee, Bulwant Sing's Farm or Collection, is styled his " Zcmindarry." I need go no farther than the 5th Article of the Treaty of Illiabad:(fee 2d Report, 10th Page): " His Highness Shujah ud Dowlah engages in Vo l.41.

" the most folemtt Manner to continue Bulwant Sing in Mr. Huttings' " the Zemindarries of Benares, Gauzipoor, &c. &c.£"fwer 10 and in the 7th Article of the same Treaty, it is resolved Eatli^him.

" to restore to his Highness the Country of

" and the other Districts now rented by Bulwant Sing Both of these Articles cannot be admitted in their true and literal Sense. If the Zemindarry belonged to Bulwant Sing, he could not be said to rent it, he paid Tribute only. If the Country did not belong to Shujah ud Doaclah, it could not be restored to him. In short, the Word ‘ Zemindarry’ is used by our Translators in a lax Sense, to signify District or Province: This is evident from the Letter of the Bengal Government to the Court of Directors of 11 th September 1770 (fee 2d Report, 10th Page): " In our former Letter, Gentlemen, we expressed our Sentiments of the Consequence it was to your Affairs, that the Succession to the " Zemindarry of Benares should continue in the Family;

" but that it was a delicate Point to accomplish with the " Vizier." — Why was this a delicate Point ? The Third Paragraph of Mr. Burke's Third Charge, peremptorily states, that on the Death of Bulwant Sing " his Son " Cheyt Sing succeeded to his Rights and Pretensions."

The Delicacy of the Point confided precilely in the Want

of Right, for had Bulwant Sing been real and hereditary Zemindar, the Succession would have gone to his Son of course, there being in India jpo such Custom as Dilin-heritance: This Circumstance proves also, that Bulwant Sing was not the Zemindar', for in that same it must have devolved to him by Inheritance: Instead of which, he writes to Rajah Shitabroy (fee 2d Report, Page 5):

" If it is the Intention of the English Gentlemen to " take Possession of Shujah ud Dowlah's Dominions, I " will agree to hold Benares and Gauzipoor, &c. which " have long been under my Jurisdiction, on the same " Terms from the Company as I did from Shiyah ud " Dowlah'' Here was precisely the Place to have pleaded his Right of Possession, and his Title by Inheritance: Instead of which he only fays, those Places had long been under his Jurisdiction, which (if any Meaning be annexed to the Words) must imply that they were not always so. I inuft quote another Part of this Bengal Letter of 10th September 1770 (2d Report,

Page 11): " A jealous, suspicious Disposition of the old " Rajah, aftifted by the Dilirult of their own Children,

" inherent in the Minds of the People of this Country,

" may possibly have been the Reason why the Son was " not included in the Treaty of 1765; for had he expressed a Wish to secure the Zemindarry in his own " Family, a Doubt can scarcely be formed, <$yc." — But suspicious, probably, of the Consequences that his Son " should think he had a Right to the Succession, his " whole Aim seemed to center in Self-Security, without " the least Attention to the Good of his Posterity."

— I answer, every Word of this, if it be really applicable to Bulwant Sing’s State of Mind, proves beyond a Doubt, that he was not the Zemindar; for, as Zemindar, his Son must have succeeded, in the Language of the Charge itself; and it was a Matter perfectly indifferent to the State of the Cafe, whether Bulwant Sing expressed or did not express his W'ilhes on that Head: But if he really were " suspicious of the Consequences that his Son should thjnk he had a Right . " to the Succession," it is demonstrable that he knew the Son to have no Right; for had he a Right, Bulwant Sing could neither suppress a Knowledge of it fi'om his Son, nor controvert its Efforts. It would have been a clear, entailed, hereditary Estate, of which it was mutually indifferent to the Father and to the Son what each might separately — When Cheyt

Sing, by the Influence of the Company, was confirmed in the Place which his Father had held as Farmer or Collector for the Vizier, he paid as a Gift or Nuz-

zerauah,

Mr. I lading! Answer to Charges agamlt him.

6q2 2° Mail.A, 1^8(5*

' zeranah, a Sum amounting to nearly 200,000 Pounds, and increased his Rent near 30,000 Pounds per Annum; " by which," (Mr. Burke fays) " he became a " chaser, for valuable Considerations of his Right and " Inheritance in the Zemindarry aforesaid." I do not profess to understand haw a Man can be said to purchase of another that which the other has not to sell. To the Rights, the Charge expressly declares Cheyt Sing to have succeeded by the Death of his Father: The Inheritance itself is that very Right; so that Cheyt Sing purchased what he had already; and the actual Functions of his Office, the Col left ion of the Rents, and the Government of the Districts, ($c. were obligingly thrown into the Account. But why did the Vizier exact 200,000l. on the Death of — Assuredly

because, as Sovereign of the whole Country, he possessed and exercised the Right of levying , and that to a«i arbitrary Amount, as appears by the 2d Report of the Scleft Committee. I know not how we can deny the Existence of many despotic Principles in the Mogul System of Government; but wherever those exist the Poivers of the Prince will be every Thing, and the Rights of the Subject nothing. Shujah Dowlah Sing 200,000l. and 30,000l. per Annum; w'hich, at only Ten Years Purchase, is 300,000l.; in all 50®,000l. for the mere Investiture of what in the Charge is stated to be his Right of Inheritance. I, who was veiled by my Station with exactly the same Powers as were exercised by Shujah ud Dowlah, never thought of a greater Fine as a Punishment for the most flagrant Offences. Cheyt Sing succeeded of course to his Fathers Treasures (See Lieut. Colonel Harper's Evidence, Appendix to 2d Report) not by any Testamentary Form, not by any Permission of the Vizier, not by any Intermediation of his Friends, but by Right of Inheritance. Are there Two or more Species of Rights of Inheritance? All that the Father could cail his own came to the Son; what he held of his Sovereign reverted to its Owner. The Dignity, the Power, the Profit consequent on the Government, were Matters which the Vizier had a Right to fell, and which Cheyt Sing might have a Preference in purchasing, if the Two Parties could settle their Terms. Bulwant Sing had saved great Sums of Money out of his Government, by Colonel Harper's Evidence, it was therefore an Object to Cheyt Sing to succeed to his Father’s Lease, even on Terms somewhat less advantageous. The Government, or Lease (or by whatever other Title of Possession Bulwant Sing had exercised Authority in nares) was, at the Father’s Death, procured for the Son; and, as the General Letter from Bengal, dated 31st October 1770 (See 2d Report, Page 11th) exprefely Hates, Cheyt Sing was " considered by the Vizier <e as holding that Country on the same Terms as his " Father." Buhvant Sing, I have proved above, held only in Capite; the Son, therefore, at this Time, held

only in Capite also: And Colonel Harper, who acknow-

ledges that Bidwant Sing had but a Life Interest in the Lands, must be mistaken, where in quoting from Memory, he gives Evidence, that "the Sunnud to Cheyt " Sing was granted to him and his Heirs." It is allowed on all Sides, that the Letter of the Treaty of Allahabad did not extend to Bulwant Sing's Heirs (fee 2d Report, Page 12th). The Vizier therefore was perfectly justifiable in refilling to acknowledge it farther; and in my Deputation to Benares, in 1773, I procured a new Treaty, for the express Purpose of settling this Point to Cheyt Syng's Satisfaction. It may be remarked, that all the governing Powers of Hindostan are extremely averse to any Treaties or Agreements which are declared to be binding on Posterity; and I have had frequent Difficulties, in many Negotiations with the native Princes, on this Head; they have always

pleaded " that it was against the Custom of their Coun- " try." It must be admitted, that the Council in 1773 conceived some Doubts to exili somewhere respecting the Validity or the Extent of the First Stipulations in Behalf of Cheyt Sing, or they would not have empowered me to renew them. And I am warranted in having deJ dared in my Narrative, " that Cheyt Sing obtained " from our Influence, exerted by myself, the First legal " Title that his Family ever possessed of Property in the Land, of which he, till then, was only the Aumil, " and of which he became the acknowledged Zemindar, " by a Sunnud granted to him by the Nabob Sujah " Dowlah, at my Instance, in the Month of September " 1773." The Father was no more than Aumil, as I have amply proved; on his Decease the Son precisely succeeded to his Rights and Pretensions, as the Charge states- — he therefore became Aumil; and if he ever was Zemindar, it could only be derived fro, in the Sunnud of 1773. In 1774 the Majority of the new Council General adopted, in the same of Shujah ud Dowlah'% Son, the System formerly supported by Shujah ud Dowlah in the same of the Son of Bidwant Sing. They decided that the Treaty made with the Father did not bind them with respect to the Son. In both Cafes ray Opinion had been uniform and confident. In 1770 I thought that the Agreement made between Shujah ud Dowlah and Bulwant Sing was virtually in Force, though one of the Contracting Parties was dead, and that Cheyt Sing stood precisely in the Place of his Father. In 1774, I thought that the Treaty we had entered into with Shujah ud Dowlah continued to bind the Company: and that his Son, Asaph ud Dowlah had in every Respect succeeded to his Father’s Engagements, as well as his Dominions. In both Cafes my Judgment has been unfortunate; the latter, however, procured the Company a large Addition of Territory and Revenue, on the Appropriation and Management of which, as the Majority of the Council decided against my Opinion, their Sentiments alone, and not mine, are to be considered in whatever relates to the Transaction* I must therefore except to the Use made by Mr. Burke, and to any Use whatever being made, of any Minutes delivered in Council by me on that Occasion, as those Minutes were no Part of the Cause or Motive on which the Majority acted; and therefore, as far as any Good or Evil arose out of the Act itself, I am totally unconnected with it. General Clavering, Colonel Mon-son, and Mr. Francis, in their Minute of 7th December 1775 (fee 2d Report, 23d Page) fully acquit me; " the " Measure," (they say) is strictly and exclusively ours. " The original Plan was opposed in every Step by the " Governor General and Mr. Barwell." Upon the same Principle I solemnly disclaim all Connection with, and even all Knowledge of, any " improper and " fraudulent Transactions with regard to the Symbols " of Investiture which ought to have been given to the " Rajah; and the Form of the Deeds by which the " said Zemindarry ought to have been granted," as ltated in the 13th Article of the Charge. I am not responsible for the Acts of the Majority, nor for the Acts of Mr. Fowke, their Resident at Benares, who acted wholly under their Authority, and over whom I had not the Shadow of an Influence; I was at that Time but a Spectator of what was doing, a mere Cypher at the Board.

If there were any Mistakes in the Modes of Investiture, or the Forms of the Deeds, they were without my Concurrence; and as I cannot even now conceive what Purpose so pitiful an Artifice could he supposed to answer, I will positively assert they could not be fraudulent. Mr. Francis, who is the surviving Member of that Majority, " to which the Measure strictly " and exclusively belongedis alone amenable for every

i6 Geo. III. 2° Mail. 693

Part of it, for its Informalities, as well as for its Merits; all Times free Access to my House and Apartment; and Mr. Halting* for any " complicated \artificial, and fraudulent Manage- I also caused immediate Official Dil'patches to be sent off *

" ment," that might take Place in the Course of its to the different Country Powers, to assure them of my aga'i^him.

Execution, as well for the Grounds on which it was Continuance in Administration. I urged this Act of

proposed: For my own Part (after disclaiming all Pre- the Rajah at the Time it took Place, ana I now urge it,

tensions to any particular and exclusive Duty on me to as a Proof of the Readiness which he shewed to foment,

attend to the due Insertion of all Transactions on the or even to take Part in any Divisions of our Govem-

Company’s Records, which Duty I conceive to be that ment; it always appeared to me indecent with respect of the Secretary, under the Direction of those who had to my Office, unjustifiable with respect to his Situation,

the Authority; and also after professing mofi religiously and a Proof of his rooted Disaffection to the English

that I did never, either directly or indirectly, procure Administration. Whether or not I Personally forgave

the Omission of a Syllable of any public Document him, is of no Consequence: I never fought to punish

whatever, which ought to have been transmitted to the him but on public Grounds. And had he faithfully

Court of Directors) I do most solemnly affirm and discharged his Duty to the Company, he would never

declare, that I did not, at the Time specified, meditate have heard a Syllable of my Resentment. Implacability

to make any evil Use whatever of the Deeds which are to my Inferiors is no Part of my Character. I am

Rated to have been withholden from the Company; — accused " That having obtained, in my Calling Vote,

that I did not (until the very Day when I first read it in " a Majority in Council on the Death of Sir John

the Charge) know that such Deeds had been withholden, " Clavering and Mr. Monscm, I did suddenly, and

and that I should at all Times have loathed and spurned " without any previous general Communication with the

at the mere Idea of grounding any Measure of mine on " Members of the Boanl, by a Minute of Confutation

so shallow’ and base a Manoeuvre; I may be allowed to " of the 9th of July 1778, make an extraordinary

add, that while the Counterparts of the Deeds existed, " Demand, namely, that the Rajah of Benares should

all Concealment on our Side was equally ridiculous and " consent to the Establishment of Three regular Bat-

ineffectual; it is an invariable Form, that the Cabooliet, " talions of Sepoys, to be raised and maintained at his

or Agreement with the Zemindar, is always Word for " own Expence." I answer, that on the 6th of July at

Word the same as the Potta or Lease. After all, I Night a Packet was received from Mr. Baldicin at

have been combating with a Shadow, for what were Cairo, with an Account (deemed fully authentic by the

these Deeds which were suppressed ? The only Deed or whole Council) that War had been actually declared

Instrument of Cheyt Sing’s Investiture was the Stuinud and commenced between Great Britain and France.

or Charter, and the Potta or Lease, which are expressed It was my Duty to propose Measures in Consequence

in the Charge to have been regularly made out, and of this Intelligence, without Loss of Time. Accordingly,

transmitted; I know of no other. No Sunnuds ever on the gth of July, after an Interval of only Two Days,

were send to the Court of Directors, nor any Papers in I gave in at the Council Board a Plan of the original Language. a-ease for our Military and Marine Establishments, to

meet the Exigencies of the Moment. Every Member of our Government felt the Necessity of the Measure,

PART IP. and we were for Once unanimous. My Proportion',

which embraced every Part of the Company's Depen-I mean to prove fully, in its proper Place, that I dencies on that Side of India, could not, without glaring never gave Permission to any Agent to resign for me the and very suspicious Partiality, have omitted the Territo-Office of Governor General. I can here only assert it; riesof Cheyt Sing. I allotted what I thought (and still but when General Clavering attempted to assume the think) a very moderate Portion of the newly-incurred Chair which I had not vacated, I was warranted in Burthen of the War to him: Had my Colleagues been supporting my Authority by every Means in my Power, of ar different Opinion, they might have proposed a I was warranted in styling him " my Opponent," and Modification, or a total Exemption. They did neither, warranted in treating every misplaced Mark of Homage While they admitted the Necessity of the actual Demand, to him as a Personal Disrespect to myself: — When, they did not object to the Sum: And the Decision of therefore, I affirmed that Cheyt Sing had deputed an future Right (on which there appeared feme Shadow of Agent, with an exprefe Commission to compliment Helitation) was, by General Consent, referred to our General Clavering, on his Accession to the Government, Superiors (fee 2d Report, 26th Page). On this Right I affirmed a Fast certainly criminal and offensive to the our Superiors did never decide while Cheyt Sing con-Company’s Government, inasmuch as it was an officious tinued at Benares, though our Minutes on the Subject and premature Interference on the Part of the Rajah, arrived in London the 12th of April 1779. — Thar pregnant in itself with very great Disadvantages to the Silence had all the Effect of Acquiescence. The Rajah due and orderly Administration of Affairs, and deeply is said to have asserted, that I bad promised this Exac-injurious, by the Example it held out to others, for tion should continue but for One Year, and should not be taking Part in the Dissentions which at that Time harassed drawn into Precedent. — I now most solemnly declare, our Councils. In Cheyt Sing's same it was particularly that I never made any such Promise', and that I had obnoxious, because all Correspondence with him (as with effectually precluded myself from making it, the Minutes other native Powers) was by the Company’s Orders themselves will testify, for in our First Debate on the conducted through the Medium of the Governor Gene- Subject, I agreed to add to my original Motion for ral; the Rajah, therefore, had no Right, no Pretext, for raising the Troops the following Words, " and to be dismaying such a Compliment to General CUroering, until " banded at the End of the war" (fee 2d Report, 26th his Accession to the Chair had been notified in Form; Page). After this, I must have affected a Spirit of nor can it be urged, in the present Instance, that such Prophecy, to pretend that the Demand should exist only Notification was duly made; for, granting (as I believe for One Year. The War continued in 1779, the I may) that General Clavering had issued, in his assumed Demand was accordingly renewed. It met with Pre-Character of Governor General, Information to that varication, Excuse, and Procrastination, on the Part of Purport, Cheyt Sing had a Vakeel in Calcutta, whose the Rajah. On the Third Year his Delays grew still expre Is Business it was to set his Mailer right, and more perplexing, and indicated the strongest Signs of de-for that Purpose he might have had, and had, at termined Disobedience. See all the Bengal Confutations Vol. 41. 8 0 of

6 94 A. 1786.

Mr.Hasting*' of that Period; ac exhibited in the 2d Report of the ChaTfie*40 Selefit Committee. By this Time I considered myself gaiaft him. ns acting on the surest Grounds. The Letters from our Superiors, in Answer to those of the Two preceding Years from us, contained no one Sentence which could be deemed a Disapproval of our Tran factions with the Rajah of Benares. As the Subject had been fully and repeatedly before them, it was impossible to suppose they haid overlooked it With Hands thus strengthened by the implied Approbation of my Employers, as the Exigencies of the Wpr grew daily more pressing, I moved in Council, " That Sing might be required " to furnish such Cavalry as he could spare, with an " express Declaration to him, that they should be " returned at the Close of the Warand this was done by the Advice and Recommendation of Sir Eyre Coote. The Rqjah certainly maintained a considerable Body of Cavalry. He admitted Thirteen hundred, and I know they were many more. In the War with the Rohillas he fumillied Five hundred to his then Sovereign, Shujqk UdDawlah (fee Supplement to ad Report, 12th Page) and General Clavering would have recommended to him to keep up Two thousand: This was the Number I demanded; but on his repeated Representations, I gradually lowered my Requisition to One thousand. He acknowledged to have Thirteen hundred, and yet offered but Five hundred to the Company. My Patience was exhausted by such repeated Acts of Contumacy, and I determined (I repeat it) to convert them into an Advantage for the Company’s Affairs. I considered the Light in which such Behaviour would have been viewed by his Native Sovereign, and I resolved he should feel the Power he had so long insulted. Forty or Fifty Lacks of Rupees would have been a moderate Fine for Shujah Ud tkrwldh to exact; be who had demanded 25 Lacks for the mere Fine of Succession, and received 20 in Hand, and an encreased Rent tantamount to con* liderably above 30 Lacks more: And therefore I rejected the Offer of Twenty, with which the Rajah would have compromised for his Guilt when it was too late. If I ever talked of foiling the Company’s Sovereignty over Benares to the Nabob of Oude, it was but interrorem;and no subsequent Act of mine warrants me to have seriously intended it: If I ever threatened to dispossess the Rajah of his Territories, it is no more than what my Predecessors (without Rebuke from their Superiors, or Notice taken of the Expression) had wished and intended to have done to his Father, even when the Company bad no Pretensions to the Sovereignty of the Country; it is no more than such a legal Act of Sovereignty as his Behaviour justified, and as I was justified in by the Intentions of my Predecessors. If I pretended to seize upon his Forts, it was in full Conviction that a Dependant on the Company, guaranteed, main-. mined, and protected in his Country by the Company’s Arms, had no Occasion for Forts, had no Right to them, and could hold them for no other than suspected and rebellious Purposes: None of the Company’s other Zemindars are permitted to maintain them; and even our Ally, the Nabob of the Carnatic, has the Company’s Tropps in all his Garrisons; Policy and Public Safety absolutely require it. What State could exist, that allowed its inferior Members to hold Forts and Garrisons, independent of the superior Adrainistration ? — It is a Splecism in Government to suppose it.

PART III4.

I removed Mr. Fmke from Benares on Political Grounds, against the Orders of the Court of Directors, because I thought it necessary that the Resident there

should be a Man of my own Nomination and Confidence; I avow the Principle, and think no Government can fobfift without it The Punishment of the Rajah made no Part of my Design in Mr. Fowke's Removal, or Mr. Markhams Appointment, nor was his Punishment an Objefit of my Contemplation at the Time. I removed Mr. Forwke to appoint Mr. Markham; an Appointment of my own Choice, and a Signal to notify the Restoration of my own Authority, as I had before removed Mr. Fowke, and appointed Mr. Graham, for the same Purpose.

The Charge adds, " It was soon after that I prepared " for a Journey to Benares." This is not true: — The Interval of Time is evidently shortened, for the Purpose of forcing the Inference before drawn from my Appointment of the new Resident This Appointment was made early in February, and I left Calcutta in July.

I deny that the Design of exacting a Penalty from Rajah Cheyt Sing for his contumacious Behaviour, was either " wicked" or " perfidious," as is stated in the Charge. I admit that I did not enter it on the Consultations, because it was not necessary; even this Plan itself of the Fine was not a fixed Plan, but to be regulated by Circumstances, both as to the substantial Execution of it, and the Mode: Nay, I will aver, that I had drawn up a Review of our whole Political Connections, extended even as far as Guzzerat, and given a Copy of it to Mr. Wheler, containing a Variety of Modes, from which I meant to draw some Relief of Alliance, Power, or Finance, to save them from the Ruin which was accumulating around them; and this Plan of the Fine, as I recoiled, made a Part of it. But was it necessary, as an Official Obligation upon me, or would it have been prudent that I should enter upon our Confutations every speculative Relburce to which the Exigency of our Affairs might eventually compel me to have Re-course ? And was I precluded from availing myself of any such Resources, when the Occasion required them, and the Means were afforded me, because the Design of them had not before been entered on our Consultations? In what Part of the Company’s Standing Orders, nay,

I may add, in what Code of Common Sense, is such a Rule prescribed to me? In this Charge I am blamed for " the long Concealment and late Communication of " this Intention (viz.of the Fine) Time not being " allowed to my Colleague to consider the Nature and " Consequences of such a Project, or to advise any Precaution concerning the same," The Grounds on which this Charge is founded are, that although I communicated my Intentions to Major Palmer in June, it does not appear that I communicated them to Mr. Wheler till the Eve of my Departure. It is supposed that the Eve means the preceding Night: Assuredly it will admit of a larger ConstruQion. From my Recollection, at this Distapce of Time, I will venture to affirm, that my Intention? were communicated to Mr. Wheler some Weeks before my Departure; I believe I may say, almost as soon as they were formed, for I was then in the Habit of the most confidential Intercourse with him; nay, I think it probable, that they were communicated to him even before they were to Mqjor Palmer, as that Gentleman arrived in Calcutta only a very short Time before my Departure, which was on the 7th of July.

I avow my Intention of finipg Cheyt Sing Fifty Lack?. This was the " Improvement of the Interest which the " Company pqffeffed in the Zemindarrv," alluded to in my Mipute on the Occasion. And as I own myself pot to have foreseen Cheyt Sing’s Flight or Rebellion, I did conceive it possible to have formed an Arrangement of this Kind " with the Rajah," and it was certainly " fit and consonant to the mutual " Engagements subsisting betxveen the Comyany and the

03 " Rajah,"

2 6 Geo. III. .2° Mail.695

" Rajah.'’ This I will prove at large: A Fine was " Apprehension." What followed I need not here par- Mr. Hayings’ what I meant to exa6l — and to fine was a Right ex- ticularize. My Conduct was regulated by Events which to

pressly reserved to the Company (fee a Secret Letter I could neither foresee nor controul. All my original from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, Measures were broken through, all my Designs annihi-dated 15th January 1776 — 1. e. General Clavering, lated, by the barbarous Massacre of my unarmed Troops,

Colonel Monson, and Mr. Francis): " We thought it and the unexpected Flight of Cheyt Sing. Every Step " adviseable to fix a proper Weight and Standard, to be which I had taken before that fatal Moment is an inconinvariably observed by the Rajah in all Money which trovertible Proof, that I had formed no Design " of " might be coined, on Pain of forfeiting the Mint, and " seizing upon the Rajah’s Treasures, or of deposing " being liable to any Penalty the Board might think fit " him;" and certainly, at the Time when I did form the " to impose, on the*First Infiance of any Deviation." Design of making the Punishment of hb former 111 Con-The same Sovereignty which could dictate so authori- du£t subservient to the Exigencies of the State, by a large tatively on one Occasion, must have had an equal Right Fine, " did not believe him guilty if that premeditated in others; and therefore the Exaction and Payment of " Project for driving the English out of India, with which a Penalty was consonant to the Engagements between " I afterwards charged him." — Had I been forewarned the Company and the Rajah. Shujah ud Dawlah levied of this Project, in the Extent which I afterwards dif-a Fine, on the Death of the Father, for investing the covered, I most assuredly would have anticipated hb Son. Here then we have a Second Right made over, Schemes with more Solid Effect, and without Personal with the other Appendages of Sovereignty, to the Hazard: I would never have proposed to " settle his Company. Had not our powerful Interposition pre- " Zemindary upon him," on any Footing at all. Nothing vented the Consequences of Bulwant Sing’s Treachery therefore can equal my Surprize at the Tenor of this to his Matter, in 1764, Shujah ud Dawlah would pro- Part of the Charge, except my Incapacity to answet, bably have exerted, with signal Rigour, a Third Right of without Contradiction, Two Accusations totally Fining, and have furnished me with a Precedent full in dictory. In the 13th, 1461* and 15th Clauses of thb Point to my Treatment of Cheyt Sing. The Inference 36 Section of the 3d Charge, I am accused of therefore is, that the Right of Fining was general — bilityto all the Rajah’s humble Submissions; of -

perhaps arbitrary; but for that I am not responsible: verance in rejecting all Accommodation (though several It is a Defect woven into the Texture of the Mogul Offers were made); and of " bang filled with Insolence System. — It will no Doubt be most happy for the In- " and Malice," in not replying to the Rajah’s Letters, habitants of Asia, when the despotic Institutes of Jengheez after he had so notoriously drawn the Sword of Rebellion.

Khawn or Tamerlane shall give place to the liberal And in the 27th Clause of the same Section of the same Spirit of a British Legislature; and I shall be amply Charge, it is asserted, that if I; "had conceived him satisfied in my present Prosecution, if it shall tend to " (Cheyt Sing) to have entertained traiterous Designs hasten the Approach of an Event so beneficial to the against the Company, from whom he held his tributary great Interests of Mankind. In my Narrative of the " Estate, or had been otherwise guilty of such enormous subsequent Transactions between Cheyt Sing and myself, *l Offences as to make it necessary to take extraordinary composed while all the Circumstances were strong in my " Methods for coercing him, it would not have been Recollection, I have detailed every Particular necessary proper to settle upon such a Traitor and Criminal the for a complete Comprehension of the painful Part I had " Zemindary of Benares, or any other Territory, upon to support. — To the Colourings which are put upon " the most eligible, or upon any other Footing whatever." many of my Expressions by the Subtilties of Con- Thus am I in one and the same Charge accused of being struction, I shall make few or no Objections. Truth is severe, and told it " would not have been " for me my immediate Aim, and I cannot step out of my Way to have been; — Censured for intending to settle

to glean up every casual Insinuation; otherwise I might the Zemindary upon Cheyt Sing, and Censured for observe, that I cannot well conceive why, on my Refusal ‘ having rejected all his Offers towards a Settlement. — I to see the Rajah, it should be pronounced that I " rudely can only answer to thb formidable Dilemma, that so long " and insolently forbid his Visit." Is it rude to be pe- as I conceived Cheyt Sing’s Misconduct and Contumacy remptory? or is Resolution Insolence? if he were a to have me rather than the Company for its Object, at great Prince, I, as representing hb Sovereign, should lead to be merely the Effect of pernicious Advice or seem a great King. I gave the Rajah in Writing my misguided Folly, without any formal Design of openly Charges respecting his Conduct, " informal" perhaps, refitting our Authority, or difelaiming our Sovereignty, and " irregular;" for where should I have acquired the I looked upon a considerable Fine as sufficient both for legal Precision requisite for a Special Pleader* but cer- his immediate Punishment, and for binding him to future tainly substantial, and momentous, and just. I have good Behaviour: I therefore entertained no serious said that his Answer was " not only unsatisfa&ory in Thoughts of expelling him, or proceeding otherwise to " Substance, but offensive in Style." I repeat the Violence; but when he and his People broke out into Assertion now, that near Five Years (ince elapsed have the most atrocious Acts of Rebellion and Murder; when cooled my Resentments (if I ever had any) and that my the Jus fortions et Lev ultima Regum were appealed to Feelings are no longer interested by concomitant Cir- on his Part (and without any sufficidnt Plea afforded him cumstances. It was filled with (huffling Excuses and on mine) I from that Moment considered him as the palpable Falsehoods. It stated that the Rajah had fur- Traitor and Criminal described in the Charge; and no niffied the additional Five Lacks of Rupees " with the Concessions, no Humiliations, no Submissions, could ever " utmost Readiness;" and that he had " taken a Penalty after induce me " to settle the Zemindary of,

" Bond from his Aumils that they should keep no Thieves u or any other Territory, upon him, on any Footing " in their Districts." Was all this rrt/e, or satisfactory, "whatever."

or decent? — I had now Realbn to suspect that the Rajah Minutes delivered by me at the Council Board during would never come to such " an Arrangement," as I the Time that the Cession of the Sovereignty of wiffied, till he had, at least in some (light Degree, felt the nares and was negociated with the Vizier,

Hand of Authority; and I accordingly put him under are quoted against me in the 28th Clause of this Part an Arrest. No Insult, no Menace, no Violence of any of the Charge. The Minute in Question does un-Kind, was intended or applied: I even wrote to him to doubtedly contain my Sentiments at that Period, but calm any Apprehensions for Personal Safety which he those Sentiments went for Nothing: General Clavering might be weak enough to entertain; and received his and his Majority decided against my Opinion; " the Answer, that "he was entirely free from Concern and " Measure is strictly and exclusively their own;" I,

Vol. 41. therefore,

69*5 2° Mail. A. 1786.

Mr. Hading* therefore* have nothing to do with it But when, by the the Powers with which an Indian Sovereignty is armed. Death of Two who composed that Majority, I became and the Dangers to which Tributaries are exposed. I

agamfl'him. somewhat more than a mere Pageant in the Administra- knew, that from the History of Asia, and from the very tion, I necessarily resumed the Business where they had Nature of Mankind, the Subjects of a despotic Empire left it; I considered Cheyt Sing precisely what they had are always vigilant for the Moment to rebel, and the made turn, a tributary Landholder; not what I would Sovereign is ever jealous of rebellious Intentions. A have made him (but was over-ruled) an independent Zemindar is an Indian Subject, and as such exposed to Prince, and a powerful Ally, placed as a Barrier between the common Lot of his Fellows. " The mean and the Vizier and Government of Bengal. — I would have " proved State a mere "is, therefore, this

caused the Company’s Tribute to be received at Patna very Dependance above mentioned on a despotic Go-within the Company’s Provinces: They caused it to be vernment — this very Pronenels to (hake off his Allegiance, received at Benares. — I would have renounced the Sove- and this very Exposure to continual Danger from his reignty of his Country: They assumed it. The Sove- Sovereign’s Jealouly, which are consequent on the Po-reignty which they assumed, it fell to my Lot, very litical State of Governments. Sing

unexpectedly, toesert; and whether or not " such Powers, if he had been, and Sing as long as he was, a " or Powers of that Nature, were delegated to me by Zemindar, flood exactly in this " mean and depraved " any Provisions of any Act of Parliament," I confess " State," by the Constitution of his Country. I did not myself too little of a Lawyer to pronounce. I only make it for him, but would have secured him from it. know, that the Acceptance of the Sovereignty of Benares, Those who made him a Zemindar entailed upon him the &c. is not acknowledged or admitted by any Act of Consequences of so mean and depraved a Tenure. Ally Parliament; and yet, by the particular Interference of Verdy Khaun and Cossim Ally fined all their Zemindars, the Majority of the Council, the Company is clearly and on the Necessities of War, and on every Pretence, either indisputably seised of that Sovereignty. That if, there- of Court Necessity, or Court Extravagance, fore, the Sovereignty of Benares, as ceded to us by the I have but few Words to alledge in my own Behalf Vizier, have any Rights whatever annexed to it (and be on the Depositions, Affidavits, and other Testimonies not a mere empty Word without Meaning) those Rights annexed to my Narrative. Every Man will fee that in must be such as are held, countenanced, and established so singular a Situation I could do no otherwise. If the by the Law, Custom, and Usage of the Mogul Empire, Means I made use of were the best in my Power, I stand and not by the Provisions of any British AGtof Parlia- acquitted of Neglector 111 Intention. The Persons who ment hitherto enacted. Those Rights (and none other) have given their several Testimonies on the Occasion I have been the involuntary Instrument of enforcing, were not selected for the Purpose by me, but are such as And if any future Act of Parliament shall positively, were on the Spot, and who owed their Knowledge of the or by Implication, tend to annihilate those very Rights, Transactions either to actual Inspection, or to (haring or their Exertion, as I have exerted them, 1 much fear, a Part of the common Difficulties: How such of the

that the boasted Sovereignty of Benares, which was held Evidence as was attested upon Oath could be " not Jit up as an Acquisition almol't obtruded upon the Com- " or decent to be taken by a British Magistrate, or to pany, against my Consent and Opinion (for I acknow- " be transmitted to a British I am (till

ledge that, even then, I foresaw many Difficulties and at a Loss to comprehend. I have always thought that Inconveniences in its future Exercise) I fear, I say, that an Affidavit might bfe sworn to before any of His Ma-this Sovereignty will be found a Burthen instead of a jestys Justices of ' the Peace, whether in or out of the par-Benefit; a heavy Clog rather than a precious Gem to its ticular and local Jurisdiction of that Magistrate. British present Possessors. I mean, unless the Whole of our Subjects could certainly swear with Propriety bef ore no Territory in that Quarter shall be rounded, and made an other Person whatever, while such a Magistrate was on uniform compact Body, by One grand and lyftematic the Spot; and if I had neglected this Precaution, I Arrangement; such an Arrangement as shall do away all cannot doubt but it would have been converted into a the Mischiefs, Doubts, and Inconveniences (both to the much more formidable Charge against me, " that, with Governors and the Governed) arising from the Variety " every Opportunity for completely vindicating all the of Tenures, Rights, and Claims in all Cases of Landed " Steps 1 had taken in this Affair, I had most shamefully. Property and Feudal Jurisdiction in India; from the " and fraudulently, and unjustifiably omitted to have the Informality, Invalidity, and Instability of all Engage- " several Circumstances detailed in Writing and upon ments in so divided and unsettled a State of Society; " Oath, although one of his Majesty's Justices was upon and from the unavoidable Anarchy and Confuiion of the Spot at the Time." In a Matter of mere Affidavit different Laws, Religions, and Prejudices, moral, civil, (no Trial in a Court of Justice then pending) I never have and political, all jumbled together in One unnatural and heard that it was usual, or expeCled, or necessary to have difeordant Mass. Every Part of Hindostan has been a Person present " to object to the Competence or Credi-constantly exposed to these and similar Difedvantages " bility, or Relevancy of the Affidavit." To the Ad-ever since the Mahommedan Conquests. The Hindoos, million of such Objections, a Justice of Peace, out of his who never incorporated with their Conquerors, were local Jurisdiction, is certainly not competent: It alters the kept in Order only by the strong Hand of Power. The very Nature of the Function; and would constitute a constant Necessity of similar Exertions would increase at judicial Process between Two Parties, before a Judge once their Energy and Extent, so that Rebellion itself is who holds no Court, and to whom neither Party is the Parent and Promoter of Despotism. amenable. But these are Sophiltries totally unconnected

Sovereignty in India implies nothing else; for I know with the main Question. I deemed Cheyt Sing a Rebel not how we can form an Estimate of its Powers but from and a Traitor; I accordingly rejected his Submissions, its visible Effects — and those are every where the fame, and expelled him from his Zemindary. The Affidavits from Cabool to Assam. The whole History of Asia is are meant as Proofs of his Rebellion for the Satis-nothing more than Precedents to prove the invariable Ex- faction of others: My own Conviction wanted no fuclj ercife of Arbitrary Power. To all this I strongly alluded Assistance; nor would any Objections he could have in the Minutes I delivered in Council, when the Treaty made ever shake a Tittle of my Opinion. My Supc-with the new Vizier was on Foot in 1775; and I wished riors, the Court of Directors, in their Letter to Bengal to make Cheyt Sing independent, because in India De- of the 28th January 1784, have said, " After the itc-pendanceincluded a Thousand Evils, many of which I " liltance which the Rajah had made, no Countenance enumerated at that Time, and they are entered in the " could be consistently shewn him; nor was any Measure 0th Clause of the First Section of this Charge. I knew " for his Restoration ever proposed." To them, there-

4.6 Geo. III.

4° Mati.

697

fore, and to their Sense of the Rajah’s Guilt, I may very Removal of the effective Admininistrator, on his Mr. Rafting* appeal for the Propriety of transmitting thofeTeftimonies. oppressive Conduct and Official Peculation, has operated Answer to

on the Minds of the Inhabitants very greatly in Eavour of British Integrity and good Government It is a 1 Fact, and I can adduce very many Gentlemen now in London to confirm my Assertion, that the Countries of Benares and Gauzipoor were never, within the Memory of Engfo well protected, so peaceably governed, or more industriously cultivated, than at the present Moment: And as for the City of Benares, I appeal to the Letters which have been lately received from

It was a Mass of Evidence, which on the Whole proved the Sufficiency of the Grounds on which I have acted.

PART IVth and Vth.

I am here accused of having caused a , and

then a Third " Resolution in Benares;" That is, the Removal of a Collector or Receiver General of the

have been

Madajee by His Majesty and the East India

Province is put on the Footing of a Dispossession of the Company, and which were written Months after my De-immediate Landholder and Zemindar; which amounts parture, to prove, that my Regulations had not only nearly to asserting, that the Dismission of a Ministry in contributed greatly to the Peace and good Order of that this Country is as complete a Resolution as the Abdica- City, but had extended the Credit and Reputation of the English Government to every Part of Hindoston and Deccan.

tion of James the Second. The Expulsion of Cheyt Sing was indisputably a " Resolution" — I have always called it so. The liibsequent Arrangements were mere internal Corrections of a System which Experiment proved to be imperfect. When a new System was to be formed with the Successor of Cheyt Sing (who, not being his Heir, had no Claim of Right) I law no Objection to making the Company’s Interefis my first Principle of Action. The ealy Accumulation of too much Wealth had been Cheyt Sing's Ruin; it had buoyed him up' with extravagant and ill-founded Notions of Independence, which I very much wished to discourage in the future Rajah. Some Part therefore of the foperabundant Produce of the Country I turned into the Coffers of the Sovereign, by an Augmentation of the Tribute. To the hunt, and the Exercise of

Preface to the Fourth Charge.

Before I proceed to reply to the Charges respecting my Conduct to the Begums, and on the Affairs of Oude, I must observe that they contain Particulars of which I was totally ignorant until I read them in the Charges. I am, therefore, very much indebted to the Assistance of Mr. Middleton, and to the Information of Gentlemen who were in Oude when the Transactions alluded to happened. By these Aids I have been enbled to reply fully to these Charges; and every Assertion in my Reply id capable of Proof, either by Documents now before

" meanors in Oude;

Defiruction of the

t, Third,

Rajah of Shalone, and, Fourth, " Furruckabad

Criminal Justice, we were exchifively entitled by the this Honourable House, or by Evidence ready to be pro-very Act of Cession from the Vizier; and they were duced at its Bar. For the Conveniencv of this Ho* both given up to Cheyt Sing as a Matter of pCrfenal nourable House, I shall reply to these Charges, not as Favour only: That we had not given of to him the they are numbered, but as the Subjects are connected. Right as well as the Function, is proved by the Para- Fint, "The Princesses of Oude," Second, " Mifde-graph above quoted, where an arbitrary Penalty, and actual Deprivation, are denounced against him for the very first Abasement of Com, by the Authority of the Council, without my Participation in the Act. These Two, therefore, I resumed, from Conviction of its being proper and necessary so to do. The One is held by the British Resident, nominated and appointed by the Company, Mr. Fendke, by whom I believe it to have been most honourably conduced; the other I entrusted, with some new and necessary Modifications, to a Mohammedan of the first Abilities in India, and of the mdfr unimpeachable Integrity; under whose Administration,

Tranquillity, good Order, and Security have taken Place in a Degree never before experienced in Benares. The Inhabitants have greatly increased since that Period, and upwards of 2,500 Houses (as he informs me in a Letter I have lately received from him) have been added to the City. To obviate Misunderstanding, I muff observe, that the Administrator of Criminal Justice in Benares has always been of the Mahommedan Religion, and was always appointed by Shrtjah ud Dmclah hrmself to the Day of his Death. Of the Events subsequent to Cheyt Sing's Expulsion, I conceive a very flight Account

Charge the Fourth.

Princesses of Oude.

It is certainly not true, that the Nabob of Oude was ever under the Controul of the Bengal Government, in the Extent itated in this Charge. That the Resident, who represented the Council General, had an Influence at his Court, cannot be disputed; but it is notorious that the Acts of the Nabob’s Government were on various Occasions, remonstrated against, and ineffectually, opposed by the Resident, as may be leen by the public Correspondence of Messrs. Middleton and Bristow. It cannot, therefore be admitted, that the English Name and Character were concerned in " every Act of his Government, or in any not authorized by them."

Allowing it to be true, that the Country of Oude was in a flourishing State before our Interference,

to be sufficiertt. I settled the Affairs of the Zcmindary surely I cannot be chargeable with the Evils resulting at that Period with as much Care and Circumspectiort from the System we established, since I gave all the as the Shortness of the Time, and the Variety of my Opposition I could to the first Introduction of it. The Employments, would permit. It happened (for which System was undoubtedly very defective, and generally I was by no Means blameable) that the Persons in whom prejudicial to the Nabob’s Affairs, inasmuch as it ne-I entrusted the executive Powers of the Zemindary, and ceffarily established a Degree of Interference in his

whom I chose because they were the nearest Relations to the Rajah, were inadequate to the Duty. I had Reason to doubt their Integrity as well as Capacity, and therefore I caused them to be removed. A Second Experiment proved equally unsatisfactory, and from the same Causes. I was therefore reduced to exert the

Government, undefined by any precise Rule; which* however discreetly used, could not fail to weaken his Authority, and in many Cafes to be productive of all the Evils consequent on a divided Government. The Resident, for Instance, though Officially competent to no positive Act of his own, found himself, on "feme

fame Remedy; but during these necessary, and by no Occasions, driven to the Necessity even of opposing Means extraordinary. Changes of Ministry, the Rajah the Execution of the Nabob’s Orders to the Officers himself and his People were so perfect Security: The of his own Government, as the only Means of defenidng Vo u41. 8 P the

Mr. Hastings’ Answer to Charges against him*

Mail A. 1786.

the Securities made over to him for the public Claims of the Company; for however willing his Excellency may have been to grant Alignments for the Liquidation of his Debt, he was never very scrupulous of infringing them, when pressed by other importunate Creditors, but has frequently granted Tuncaws upon Aumils whose Revenue, to its utmost Amount, he well knew had been previously aligned over to the Company. In such Cases the Resident, though invested with no oftenflble Authority, Would have failed in his Duty, had he not refilled, and exerted every Means in his Power to maintain his Priority of Claim, however conscious he might be that in so doing he weakened the Authority of the Nabob in the Eyes of his Aumils and Subjects in general. This Conduct of the Nabob forced the Re-Adent into a Competition with his Authority, and exhausted the Revenues of the assigned Lands, by giving new Drafts, with new Powers, on what was already pledged to its utmost Extent, which may have been one Source of the Decline of the Nabob’s Country flnee our Connexion with it; but more obvious ones may certainly be traced, in the great and constant Drain of Specie from the Nabob’s into the Company’s Provinces; in the Supineness and Inactivity of his Excellency’s Administration; and, lastly, in the Calamity of Three successive Years Drought, which, if we may judge from the fatal Experience of a Angle Year’s Failure of the natural Rains in our own Provinces, would have left them an entire Waste, without Cultivation or Inhabitants. The Estimate of the Revenues of Oude at the present Nabob’s Accession to the Government, as given in this Charge, is fallacious; for, from the Year 1777, when I reappointed my own Agent to the Nabob’s Court, the Revenue never amounted to any Thing like the Sum stated, even if the Revenues of Benares were included. Two Millions Sterling would have been much nearer the Reality. The Revenue never was equal to the enormous Burthen of the Two English Brigades, with the progressive Liquidation of the accumulated heavy Balance; and the ineffectual Endeavour to realize such Claim, from the common Resources of the Country, was ever a Source of the greatest Embarrassment and Distress to the Nabob’s Affairs. The Balance on the Annual Tuncaws or AfiGgnments was always conffderable, but never greater than it was at the Time of Mr. s first Removal,

and Mr. Middleton's Appointment to the Court of Oude (the Beginning of 1777) nor the Confuflon in the Country more serious or alarming, as may be proved by the Public Correspondence of that Period. But neither shall I, nor the Resident of my Choice, be chargeable with any of the Evils antecedent to that Time, as the whole Powers of Government were lodged in other Hands.

The most rigorous Means were adopted, and even Threats of Military Execution reiorted to in the Time of the late Resident, Mr. Bristow, in the Year 1776, to exact the Payment then made by the Begum; nor would any foster Methods have availed, as flie declared "flie would sooner throw her Treasures and " Jewels into the River, than advance the Nabob a Angle Rupee." Her Jewels, Cloaths, and House-hold Utenflls were permitted to be taken in Default of Ready Money Payments, and converted to the Company’s Use by Public Auction in Calcutta, without any Disapprobation having been Agnifled by the Council General, either of the Principle on which the Claim had been made on the Begum, or the Mode of enforcing it. All Delicacy was necessarily laid aflde; and it became now a Question, " Whether the Nabob," as Mr. Bristow stated, " should seize his " Right, or suffer a Lack of Souls to perffh, and the

" Sovereignty of these Provinces to be transferred to " another Family." The Board, so far from difap-

proving this Doctrine of Mr. Bristow, that Two of the Members, Colohel Monson and Mr. Francis, recorded their Opinion, " That the Begum who succeeded to the Treasures, should pay all the Sum due to the Company and Mr. Francis expressed his

Astonishment, that the Begum, " in a Country where " Women are not allowed a Free Agency in the most " trifling domestic Concern," should, as the Condition of yielding up those Treasures, claim an Interference " in the Nabob’s Government, and " presume to talk " of appointing Ministers, and governing Kingdoms." The concluding Words of Mr. Francis are very strong. With respefit to receiving her into the Provinces, I " shall have no Objection, provided flie can obtain the " Nabob’s Consent; without that, the can have no Right " to remove the immense Wealth she possesses, or even " her own Person, out of his Dominions." These were the Opinions of Two leading Members of the Council at that Time, on the Claim set up by the Nabob, and the independent Rights of the Begum, and yet there was then no Accusation against her of notorious Dilaffection and Conspiracy. " The Treasures Ihe possessed," Mr. Bristoto said, " were the Treasures of the State, as " Ihe had not succeeded to them by any legal Title ;" the Nabob was, therefore, strictly justified in demanding the m; and if there was any Thing in the whole Proceeding, which did not accord with the Sentiments of People in general, it was the Part we offici-ously took to prevent the Nabob’s recovering the Whole of his Patrimonial Estate from those who fraudulently with-held it from him. He was charged with the Whole of his Father’s Debts; his Life was repeatedly endangered by the Insurrections of his Troops, who had been left many Months in Arrears; and he was moreover divested by us of a valuable Part of his Dominions; and yet we prevented him from availing himself, as he had undoubted Right to do, of the Means which were left him of satisfying those Debts; the Whole of which had been incurred in the Accumulation of the very Wealth be was now contending for.

It is not true that the Begums were left in Charge of the late Nabob’s Treasures, or other valuable £ffefts, for the Purposes set forth in the Charge of maintaining his Offspring and Dependants; the old Begum, the Mother of Shujah ul is entirely

out of the Question, having had no Presents entrusted to her Care, but (lie became possessed of them in her Capacity of Trustee and Treasurer of the Deceased, who for some Time before his Death " deposited the " Surplus of his Revenues with the Bow Begum, to " provide against an Emergency." Hence the Whole of his Property, of what Sort soever, was in her Custody at the Time of his Death, but still as a Deposit, though from the Hands of his Mother; for they were the Rights of the State which (he had in Charge. — But I mult repeat, that I disapprove, and still condemn the Interference of our Resident; because we had no Concern in it, and our Credit suffered in the Opinions of Mankind, from the natural Diiguft which would be excited by a Contention between a Son and his Mother, and by our Appearance as Incendiaries, instead of Conciliators in it: But no Man could ever assert or believe that it was therefore her own. It was undoubtedly a constituent Part of the hereditary Estate, which devolved to the Nabob Asscph ul Dowlah on his Father’s Demise, and as such ought to have been wholly delivered up to him; but the Begum, refused to give up any Thing, until coercive Measures were threatened, and then flie consented only to the Payment of Thirty, out of One hundred and Seventy Lacks, which Mr. Bristow declared, that, on the most moderate Computation, Ihe possessed; and making a Merit even of this Condefcenflon, (lie was suffered to demand, and actually to exact, from the Nabob, an

Eucrqafe

26 Geo. III. 2° Mail 699

Encreate of Jagheers to Ten Times the Amount of the Income which had been settled upon the old Begum by her deceated Son, Shujah , for the Mainte-

nance of herself, and the numerous Family and Dependants of her late Husband, Sufdur Jung. The Agreement thus entered into between the Nabob and his Mo-ianT»Letter ther was ratified by Mr. 'Bristow, without any Autho-wihe com of nty. but " as the Urgency of the same rendered it necessary, the Board approved the Ratification." The Board, I have said, approved of it, and I was a Member of the Board, but I was an inefficient Member of it; the Whole of this Transaction having passed under the Order and Guidance of the Majority of the Board, which excluded me from any Share in their Acts, equally in such as I approved, and in fuel) as I disapproved. It will appear from the preceding Reasoning, that I approved of the Nabob’s Assertion of his own Right to re-claim the Treasures of his Inheritance.

It is not true that the Women and Children of the late Nabob were left, or intended to be left, dependant on the Bow Begum. They were separately provided for, and though, from the Failure of the Funds assigned for their Maintenance, they were too often subjected to great Inconvenience, they neveir experienced any Acts of Benevolence from the Begum, beyond an occasional Donation of a few Rupees to the Children, when (he condescended, which was indeed very seldom, to permit them to wait upon her. Neither is it true, that the Jagheers were left the Begum by the late Nabob. At the Time of his Death the Districts which afterwards constituted the Jagheer were held by the Begum on the Footing of a Farm, under the Name and Management of Jowar Ally , with whom the Accounts of the same were annually adjusted at the Khalfa. To the present Nabob, therefore, the was indebted for the principal Part of her Jagheers.

The Treaty and Guarantee, though ratified, it would appear, by the Council only becaute " the " Urgency of the same rendered it necessary and though the Begum, before Six Months had elapsed, had, by Mr. Bristow's Acknowledgment, " forfeited " her Claim to the Protection of the Company, by " infringing the Conditions of the Treaty to which " they were Guarantees," were most fecredly adhered to by me, until the Misconduct of the Begpims and their Dependants, on the Occasion of the Insurrection at Benares, would have made it an Act of the greatest Injustice in the Company to themselves to continue their Protection: The Guarantee was then withdrawn, and the Nabob was permitted to renew and prosecute his Claim to his Inheritance. Previous to that Period the Resideut, by my Orders, on all Occasions employed the utmost Influence of his Station, to guard the Begums assumed Privileges from Invasion, and in various Instances, as will appear from his public Correspondence, did oppote, almost by Violence^ the Designs of the Nabob, where they were hostile or oflen-live to the Begum, He repeatedly went to purposely to mediate between the Nabob and his Mother, and reconcile mutual Animosities; which, on one Side, were perpetually excited by the JeaJouly and interested Views of the Two principal Eunuchs, Jowar and Bahar Ally Cawn; and in every other Instance whatsoever, he invariably shewed that Attention and Respect to the Begum, which was due to her from the near Relation (he bore to pur Ally. This the Bow Begum herself admitted, obterying, in her Letter to Mr. Bristow, " That the Nabob, her Son, had once " before threatened to seize her Jagheer, but Mr. Middleton interfered and prevented it;" and there is not the Shadow of Doubt, that but for this Interpo-fition, his Excellency would long before not only have seized.her Jagheers, but have wrested from her the Treasures (he unjustly with-held from him.

Vol. 41.

The Nabob was permitted to resume the Jagheers, Mr. Haftiugj’ becaute they were found highly prejudicial to the Re- Answer to venue of the State; and he granted, to such as were entitled to that Indulgence, Stipends in Money equi- a*#l valent to the Net Produce of their Lands. The Begums were expressly provided for, and the Payments were to be made them, not at the Discretion of the Nabob, but from the Company’s Treasury under Charge of the Resident. Where then was the pretended Injury, since the Begums were regularly to receive, according to their own Statement, to the utmost Amount of what they ever realized from their Jagheers? This Proposal was repeatedly made to them in Writing, and fully explained to their Agents, by the Nabob, his Ministers, and the Resident, but was answered with the grossest Indecency and Abute, and the most violent Denunciation of Vengeance on the whole Country, in case their Jagheers were touched.

With respect to the other Jagheerdars, excepting only the Nabob Salar Jung, and a very few others, they were generally the meanest and most contemptible of the Nabob’s Subjects, and in no Shape deserving of his Bounty. They were, in short, his Orderlies, and other Persons of that Stamp, the Companions of his looser Hours. The Personal Influence of these Men, which was very powerful, was naturally exerted to defeat a Design which so materially affected their Interests, and not without considerable Efficacy, as appeared by the Nabob’s subsequent Conduct when the Measure of Resumption came to be carried into Execution. It was on their Account only that any Difficulties were stated, and could these Men have been exempted, his Fxcellcncy would most certainly have made no Hesitation about the rest; but it would indeed have been a Disgrace to the Influence which we were supposed to have acquired in his Government, to have suffered a partial Distinction in Favour of such unworthy Objects.

No Injury was intended, or could possibly arite, to the Begums, from the Resumption of the Jagheers; they were found destructive of the Nabob’s Revenue, and dangerous to the very Existence of his Government; they had been made the Sources to feed a Rebellion.

It was necessary therefore to resume them; and the only Change which the Begums Situation could undergo from it, was the Substitution of the Nabob’s Agency, with the pledged Security of the Company’s Resident, in lieu of that of their Eunuchs Jowar and Bahar Ally Cawn. No Stipulation was made in Favour of any other Jagheerdars, because the Faith of the Company was not concerned in it.

The Two distinct Acts, of resuming the Jagheers, and seizing the Treasures, are confounded, and improperly made to originate from one and the same Caute; viz. the Defection of the Begums in the In-furreftion at Benares. At the Time that the Resumption of the Jagheers was resolved on, the Conduct of the Begums, though strongly suspected, was not sufficiently ascertained to junify the depriving them of Jagheers held under the Pledge of the Company, without an Equivalent; and accordingly a full Com-, pensation was stipulated. Their Conduct, in openly and most violently opposing, by armed Force, the Nabob’s Orders for the Resumption of the Jagheers, though they were not to be Losers by it; their exciting their Agents and other Jagheerdars to unite in forcible Reuftance; and, lastly, the subsequent Information which was obtained of their Zeal and Activity in supporting the Rebellion of Rajah Cheit , and spreading its Consequences through the Nabob’s Dominions, for the declared of our Extirpation, were the Grounds of withdrawing the Company’s Guarantee, and of the consequent Confiteation of their Treasures. Admitting the Fasts alledged in the Resident’s Correspondence, and confirmed by the solemn

Testimony

700 a0 Ma 1786*

Mr. Hading*’ Testimony of so many Witnesses, both Native and Answer to ropean, and of the latter many (fortunately for my

a^uiftbim Honour) are in England, who could be no Ways inte-’ relied in the Issue, no Man surely can dispute the Propriety of this Measure, whether its Justice or Policy be made the Criterion of judging it; most afliiredly, no unprejudiced Man in the Country, whether Native or European, ever entertained a Doubt of the Begums having been extremely active in promoting the Insurrcc-tion at Benares, and in the Nabob’s Country: It remains, therefore, for Justice to decide, whether in so doing the y did or did not forfeit their Claim to the Protection of the Company, by which alone they had hitherto maintained w hatever they possessed.

When the Nabob so earnestly desired my Sanction for the Resumption of the Jagheers, he certainly had in View only the Begums, and a few others of Magnitude, which he considered protected, either by the Guarantee or Favour of the Company. He could not be supposed to alk my Sanction to the Resumption of Grants, in which the Company’s Faith was no Ways concerned; but, being aware that his Excellency intended a partial Resumption, reserving the Jagheers of his particular Favourites, who from their Characters and Conduct ought to be the first proferibed, I determined to defeat the Design, by advising him to make the Resumption general; and he engaged to follow my Advice. The Consequence of this his Excellency did not at the Time advert to, but when he discovered that, by the Spirit of the Agreement, and my determined Adherence to it, he was precluded from shewing any Partiality, and moreover that the Produce of the Jagheers, when resumed, instead of coming immediately into his Possession, was to be appropriated to the Liquidation of his Debt to the Company, for which I expressly stipulated, he became indifferent, and even apparently averse to the Resumption. He was also, as I have already remarked, greatly influenced by the inflammatory Suggestions of Incendiaries and Personal Favourites about him, who counteracted my Deflgns in all my Proceedings with his Excellency, by dissuading him from a Measure by which their Interests would be so much affected. To those who are perfo-nally acquainted with the Nabob, it will not appear extraordinary that all thel’e Causes, combining and operating upon his Mind, should have drawn him into Inconsistencies of Conduct, which to others may seem irreconcileable.

It is not true that Sir Elijah was at Lucknow when 1 communicated my Sentiments through him to the Refldent, respecting the Begum’s Treasures. Sir Elijah was with me at Chunar, and the Refldent did avail himself, on this and other Occasions, of that Gentleman’s Presence and confidential Intercourse with me, to ascertain my YVifhes on certain Points, which the Multiplicity and Importance of the Business. which I was then engaged in prevented my communicating so fully by Letter.

The English Troops were not employed at until the Nabob formally demanded their Aid, in Consequence of hostile Preparations to refill his Claim upon the Begum for his deceased Father’s Treasures, which he deemed his own Force unable to repel. The Eunuchs were l'eized, not for the Purpose or extorting Money, as is afiumed in the Charge, but as the Agents and principal Instruments of exciting the Insurrections before alluded to, and for actual Rebellion. — The Nabob had declared his firm Intention, by Letters to myself and the Refldent, long before he went to Fayzabad, of seizing and severely punishing the Two Eunuchs of his Mother, not only for their shameful and insidious Conduct during the Troubles at , but

for their long and unremitted Treachery, particularly to himself, in seeking every Occasion of embroiling him with both his Parents, and openly insulting his

02

Authority; a ConduQ. they had invariably pursued from the Death of the late Nabob his Father. " They have " preserved (fays Mr. Bristow, in his Letter of the " 25th January 1776) a total Independance of the " Nabob’s Authority, beat the Officers of his Govem- ment, and refused Obedience to his Perwannahs." Their Persons were accordingly seized on the Nabob’s Arrival at Fayzabad, and secured under a strict Guard of the Company's Troops, the Nabob not thinking it prudent or safe to trull them in the Custody of his own. Sepoys, whilst surrounded with such large Parties of their armed Men assembled in the Neighbourhood, who had declared themselves equal to any Contest with his Excellency’s Force, and determined on a desperate Re-fiftance, had the Attack upon them at Fayzabad been made by his Strength alone. So confident indeed was the Begum in her own Strength, under her Two Commanders, Jowar and Bahar Ally Cawn, that she did on all Occasions profess to hold the Troops of the State in the utmost Contempt, and opposed them without Ceremony. " Do not you," fays she to Mr. tow, " take any Part in the Affair, and then let " Asoph ul Dowlah and Murteza Cawn (the Nabob

" and his Minister) in whatever Manner they are able, " to take Sums of Money from me — they will then fee " the Consequences."

Upon a Review and due Consideration of the Situation of Affairs at Fayzabad, it appearing that these Two Eunuchs were capable of affording the Nabob the most effectual Assistance in the Recovery of his Claims on the Begum, and that in Fast there was very little Probability of lbcceeding without their Aid, it was deemed good Policy to tempt them with Aflur-ances of a Mitigation of their Punishment, in Proportion as they might exert themselves in the Business. They, in consequence, promised every Assistance in theic Power, and charged themselves with the whole Claim, which, after a tedious Negociation, was compromised at Sixty Lacks. On the Strength of this Engagement the Eunuchs were permitted (in Custody however of a sufficient Guard) to return to their Habitations in the Town, for the declared Purpose of acquitting themselves of their Obligation, which they owned they could accomplish in Three Days; they, however, broke this Engagement, and were guilty of such Equivocation, Falsehood, and Evasion, produced probably by their Intercourse with the Begums, as rendered it necessary, in the Judgment of the Nabob and his Ministers, to recur tq rigorous Treatment as the only Means of bringing them to au immediate Adjustment, which it was well known, from their Situation with the Begums, was within their Reach. The conditional Obligation of their Compromise with the Vizier was, that they should procure the immediate Payment of his Claim upon the Begums, and in Return they were promised Lenity: They wilfully broke the Terms of the Agreement, and it was therefore justifiable to replace them in the Situation in which they would have flood, had no such Compromise taken Place; and they had added to their other Offences the recent Violation of a solemn written Obligation; but upon their again giving the strongest Assurances of satisfying the Nabob’s Claim, a new Agreement, under the Sanction of the Begum, was entered into, in which they were allowed One Month (considerably more than they had even asked) to pay up the Balance, and they were in consequence freed from their Rellraints, the . Nabob returning to his Capital', leaving an Agent of his own with a proper Guard to conclude the Business. It very soon, however, appeared, that this Agreement was meant only to amule and carry the Nabob from Fayzabad, for at the Expiration of the limited Time very little bad been paid, and only idle, fallacious, and insulting Pretexts, with renewed Promifts, offered in Jixcufe

6 ge6. ill

Main

Ibf tfifr'&tilure. fcould fhen the Nabob, who knew that therefore, for its Execution, is all that I am answenible Mr. Hafting^ t'hefe'Men had the Means of satisfying his Demand in V/or. The rest depended upon the Instruments which AnfWto " One Hour, be blamed for again directing Recourse to tyere employed in it, and lb little on myself, that I was ^21ira.

Severities, as the last and only Resort? There could be ignorant of the whole Mode of its Execution till it wad - no Doubt of the’Ability of the Parties to comply with done; and (b far as I am concerned in it, the whole fee Demand; for, notwithstanding the Pretences which Board were equally concerned and unanimous.

"iere bfed’after1 the Delivery of the Sum obviously de- Upou the Letters of Colonel and Captain

sited* with Bahqr Ally Cawn for the Purpose of con- Gordonquoted by the Bow Begum in Proof of her In-

_ ling the ^fecr^ ’Hqard in the Begum’s own Charge, nocence of the Conduct imputed to her and her Ser-and the poorljxpedietit of delivering Jewels and Effects vants, it is Only necessary to observe that they were so ^mprefsa BeHef other having yielded up all, there is written at a Time, and under the Impression of the evefy Reason tdsuppose; from the best Informations that Begums paving it very much in their Power to con-coula be obtained'from the Ministers, and others contribute tov the Safety, or possibly to the DestruQion, of verfahf in the late . Nabob’s Affairs, confirmed by the Colonel /fowwayVDetachment, then in a very precarious Testimony of Mr. Bristow, who fays, " it is generally Situation in the Neighbourhood of Fayzabad, and at a " believed the Begum has Four Crores in her Pdffeflion; Time too when our Affairs at Benares were supposed by " but i'fancy I may venture to lay (he has One Crore those Officers to wear an unfavourable Alpeft. The '* and Sedenty Lacks" that the Claim now made upon Colonel’s First Object was to procure Safety for the her did nbt amount to One-third of the actual Wealth in Person of Captain Gordon, who was at the Mercy of her Possession. The Circumstance of her yielding up the Begums and their Eunuchs; and for this Purpose he Jewels, Plate, &c. declaring herself possessed of no other thought no Means lo likely to succeed as declaring an Means of satisfying the Demands, will not appear deserv- implicit Reliance on their Friendship and Good Faith, ing of Attention, when it is remembered that the same and affecting to consider himself under Obligations to pitiful Expedients, and the same Stories of Poverty and them. Captain Gordon, however, most probably owed "Wretchedness,' were practised on a former and similar his Salvation to another Influence: Soon after he fell Occasion. The Nabob’s Right was incontrovertible, and into their Hands, by the treacherous Conduct of the Exigency of his‘Affairs, with his own and the Com- Bahar Ally Cawris Naib and adopted Son, at , pany’s Troops, who were dependant on his Refonrces, the News of some successful Operations of our Troops almost in a State of general Mutiny for their Pay (our at Benares reached the Begums, and as Affairs Troops Six Months in Arrear) strongly compelling hitn to began to promise a speedy and decisive Issue in our assertit (setting aside the Treachery of the Begums and Favour, it is not surprising that the Begums and their their Agents, and the political Danger of leaving- them Agents should endeavour by Acts of Kindness to with such powerful Means' of extending their pernicious efface the Impression which they must have been fen-Influence) it must rest with this Honourable HOufetO' fible their Conduct had made lo their Discredit. This decide the Question, whether it was allowable^ when ’ was the Explanation given by Colonel Hannay to Mr.

*' the Nabob was reduced to such Distress, that his Middleton of the Motives of his Conduct to the Begums Mother should uselessy keCp up immense Treasures at that Period; and the Letters aliuded to cannot declared to be the Treasures of the State; or how far he* pbffibly bear any other Construction, without an Im-was warranted in directing the Course he did, no other' putationon the Veracity and moral Character of the late being practicable, to obtain his lawful Demands. Colonel , which his Reputation and general Con-

In respect to the Eunuchs, it may suffice further to d’uct in Life will not warrant, say, that to those w ho were acquainted with their Conduct ’ ’ The Testimony of Colonel Hannay cannot now be

during the Rebellion of Benares, and subsequently on had, but his Explanation to Mr. Middleton of the the Occasion of resuming the Jagheers, when they Motives of his Conduct to the Begums and their marched their Troops in every Direction, for the avowed Agents, at that critical Conjuncture of his own and the Purpose of resisting the Nabob’s Orders, and in the most National Affairs, that Gentleman will be ready at any unreserved Manner encouraged others to follow their Time to certify on Oath; and the Evidence of Cap-Example, the Treatment they met with cannot appear tain Gordon may possibly throw further Light upon the harsh or undcfervedly severe; on the contrary, it was the Subject, general Opinion that they merited even Death, and Death probably would have been the immediate Portion,

at least of Bahar Ally Cawn, had the Nabob been left Answer to the Fifth Charge*

uninfluenced to the Gratification of his own well-grounded

Resentment. Fuhruckabad*

I have conducted the Narration of the preceding Detail to its Close without chusing to interrupt it, In a Government constituted like that of -

or disturb the Attention of my Honourable Hearers bad, it was extremely difficult, and perhaps utterly by the concluding Observation, which I now think it impositble, to form any regular permanent System* necessary to make upon it; because I hold the whole The Nabob Jung, as described by every one,

Series of the Acts thus connected strictly reconcileable was a weak incapable Man, and had the Misfortune

to Justice, Honour, and good Policy, whoever were generally to be under the Guidance of Counsellors

the Parties concerned in them: But I must at the nearly as incapable as himself, and wholly destitute of

same Time affirm, that these Acts, whether right or Integrity. Upon Mr. Bristow's first Appointment to

wrong, are not mine, though originating from me, in the Court of Oude, when I was a mere Cipher in the

tny Consent yielded to the Nabob, at his special In- Government, he invested Mirza Abdoola Beg with a

stance, that he should re-claim the Treasures kept back controlling Authority over the Affairs of the Nabob

from him by his Mother, and the Jagheers from all of Furwhich he exercised in the Name of the

the Jagheerdars, and from my subsequent Claim, Nabob Vizier, but in effect under the exclusive Di-

which I avow to have been most peremptory, that my rections of Mr. Bristory himself. The Nabob Mozuffer.

Consent to a Measure liable to such a Variety of Con- Jung grievously complained of the Oppression of Ab-struCHons should not be perverted to an Instrument of doola Beg. I am free to r.onfefs, that we interfered very private Compromise, or the Consistency of my Charac- improperly in the Affairs of Furruckabad, and that inter forfeited by its being withdrawn after such rigo- Fact the Appointment might with more Propriety fie rous and public Denunciations of it. My last Orders, called the Appointment of Messrs. Francis and Vol. 41. 8 Q than

-by

702 2° Man.; A. \~j8&.

Xfr. Halting*’ than my bwn. The peculiar Circumstances of Mr. Aniwtr to Shee'sSituation, which I foibear to detail to this Ho-

aJLhnUiira. noura^'e House, rendered it necessary, if possible, to procure him an Anointment of Calcutta; and the Board font him, with my Content, to Furruckabad. This however, was an Expedient of no Avail, for equally loud were the Complaints of Jung

against the Company’s Agent; and notwithstanding the supposed Improbability of his soliciting Redrels from the Vizier, who was considered as the Source of all his Grievances, he actually did supplicate him to procure the Recall of Mr. Shee, declaring the utmoii Readiness to receive any Native Agent his Excellency might depute. Mr. Slice was recalled at the Requisition of the Vizier, who was left to adjuil his Claims with MozufferJung in the belt Manner he could: But it did very early appear to my Judgment, that Mr. s Removal had given place to the Exercise of a still worse Tyranny: and Mozuffer Jung having made heavy Complaints against the Vizier’s Agent, which he accompanied with an Offer of satisfying all the Demands of the Vizier, if the uncontrolled Management of his Affairs was restored to him, I again exerted my Influence against a very strong Opposition, and procured, with great Difficulty, the Recall of the Vizier’s Agent, leaving to Mozuffer Jung, as he had desired, the entire Management of his own Affairs. But instead of the Measure being productive of the good Consequences which I hoped, viz. relieving Mo Jung from Oppression, and securing the Payment of the Nabob’s Debt, it did in an extraordinary Degree tend to increase Mozuffer Jung's Embarrassments; for, from the Knavery of his Servants, he was deprived of the scanty Means of Subsistence which had before been allotted him, and during the whole Year not One Rupee of his Debt to the Vizier had been paid.

Under these Circumstances, it would have been an Act of Injustice to the Nabob, without any Benefit to Mozuffer Jung, to continue our Interference.

The former Orders to the Resident at Lucknow were therefore annulled; and instead of preventing the Vizier from recovering his Claims on Mozuffer Jung, which had been the Effect of our Mediation, he was directed to assist his Excellency with every Means in his Power to effect it. Mr. Wilks was afterwards appointed the Resident at Furruckabad, " from a Sense " of Submission to the implied Orders of the Directors;" and since my Departure from Bengal, the Council have thought proper to invest Mr. Wilks with Powers, which I conceived we were not com-0 petent to give him consistently with our Engagements with the Nabob Vizier. I am not respanlible in the slightest Degree for the good or bad Government of Furruckabad; and I might, with equal Propriety, be arraigned for the Calamities which the late War has entailed upon Great Britain, as for the Misfortunes of Mozuffer Jung.

Answer to the Sixth Charge.

Rajah of Sahlone.

Of this Charge 1 know no more, than that I permitted, rather than ordered, a Party of the Company’s Forces, under the prescribed, but general Destination, to pursue the "Chief of a Herd of Banditti, which infefted the Dominions of the Nabob of Oude, our Ally, to Death, the Puniftnnent which he merited. For the Particulars of this Transaction, as of the principal Part of those which relate to the former Charge, I am also indebted to Mr. Middkton.

Bulbudder was formerly a Zemindar, or Landholder, under the Suba of Oude, but was deprived of

Iris Zemindarrv, and expelled the Country many Years* ago, by the late Nabob, or his Predecessor Jung

(for the Period is too far back to trace it with any Certainty) for Misconduct. He took up his Residence in the

Maratta or BundelcundTerritory, across the River Jumna, and built or purchased a strong Fort, to keep his. Family and EffeCls in it. For many Years afterwards he constantly made Incuriions, with a numerous Banditti, into the Vizier’s Country, when the Crops were ready to gather in, and levied very heavy Contributions on the Farmers, which they were obliged to comply with, to save their Harvest from Destrufition. He was repeatedly proceeded against by the late Nabob; ’but his Morons were too sudden and rapid to be counteracted by iiorce, and he had generally accompliftted his Object, and re-' turned to his strong Hold with his Booty, before a Detachment could be brought to act against him, and not unfrequently even before any Intelligence of his Invasion had reached the Court. Upon the District of Sahlone, which lay contiguous to his Retreat, and consequently most subject to his Depredations, being given in Farm to the Bow Begum (for in the Time of Suja ul Doxcla (lie had it on no other Footing) llie found it expedient, as Ihe could not always command a Force to be sent to oppose him, to bribe the Traitor not to molelt her Dependencies. He, however, notwithstanding this Compromise, did continue occasionally to levy Exactions on her Aumils, pretending that they were the unauthorized Acts of his Adherents; and the other neighbouring Countries he plundered without Mercy. The supposed Impossibility of putting an effectual Stop to his Depredations, and the great Injury the Country sustained by them, did induce the Nabob Afoph ul Dcrwlah to propose a Com prom ife, which, though establishing a most dangerous Precedent, leemed the only Means at present of remedying the Evil. The Rebel demanded

10,000 R* per Annum to spare only the District of-Sahlone, with a Reservation of a Right of plundering and laying Waste the rest of the Vizier’s Provinces at his Pleasure.

In consequence of this insolent Demand, the Ne-gociation, which was carried on through Major Gilpin, broke off; the Detachment was reinforced (for the Rebel had now 10,000 Men in Arms); and, by a fortuitous Concurrence of Circumstances, this notorious Villain, a Robber and Disturber of the public Tranquillity, was pursued to his Destruction. The Letters of Major Gilpin on this Subject are forthcoming, if necessary; and that Gentleman is himself on the Spot to give any further Testimony that may be required.

Answer to the Seventh, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Charges.

Contracts, and Increase of Establishments.

In the 7th, loth, nth, and 12th Charges, I am accused of making improvident Contrafts, and for a Waste of the Public Money, by granting excessive Allowances in the Civil Branch of the Service: These Charges I shall answer as fully and distinctly as the Materials which I possels, and the Time allowed to me, will permit.

In the 7th Charge it is asserted, that " it was the " fundamental Rule of the Company’s Service in " Bengal, that all Contrafts should be publicly Advertised, that they should be granted to the lowest " Bidder, and that in particular the Contraft for Provisions, and for Draught and Carriage Bullocks,

" should be Annual." I am charged with acting in direct Disobedience to these Orders; First, for not advertising for Proposals; and Secondly, for prolonging the Periods for which I granted the Bullock 04 Contraft

26 Geo. IIL

2* Mali.

703

Contrast beyond One Year, and that I further aSted

against the Orders of my Superiors, who had not left me in this same an Option, by declaring that I dif* approved of publishing for proposals, and that the Contrail for Draught Bullocks had been reduced too low already. To the latter Part of this Charge I reply, that, according to my Construction of the Company’s Orders, they never were or can be meant, in any Instance, to leave their Administration in India without an Option. At such a Distance from the Parent State, the Government upon the Spot inuft be vetted with a discretionary Power; but w here positive Orders are lent, where those Orders are disobeyed, and the Reasons atsigned for such Ditobedience are not fotisfaStory, Censure or Punishment invariably ought to follow. In my Opinion, the very Exigence of the Empire in Bengal depends upon our Army being in a Situation to move, if required, at the shorteft Notice; and the Movement of our Army must. always depend upon the State of our Draught and Carriage Bullocks. In the Year 1777, when the Board gave the Bullock Contrast to Mr. E. Johnson, it is a FaSt of public Notoriety,

that by having made that Contract Annual, and by granting it to the loweit Bidder, it. was taken lower, by 50 per Cent, than it was possible for any Man to keep the Bullocks fit for Service, provided the ContraSfc had been fully executed, and the Number contrasted for kept up. I appeal to the Records of those Days to prove the Complaints of the Commanding Officers of the weak State of their Carriage Cattle; I appeal to our Revenue Confutations to certify the Amount of the DeduStions ti\at were made from the Revenues for Bullocks vblently^jjeized) whenever any Detachment of our Army marched through any Part of Bengal or Bahar. To remedy these Inconveniences, and to fix the ContraSt upon such fair and equitable Terms as should ensure a ftriSt Performance of the Public Service* and afford to the ContraStor the ProspeSt of a reasonable Profit for his Trouble and Risque, I joined in giving the Bullock Contrast to Mr. in 1777,

and the Contrast for Elephants to Mr. Templar in the Year 1779. I heartily concurred with Sir Eyre in granting the Provision and Bullock Contract to Mr. 11. Johnson for Five Years, thereby performing, in my humble Opinion, a most essential and important Service to the East India Company, my respected Employers. From 1779 to 1783 we were in a State of War with European and Country Powers; we had Two considerable Detachments of our Army upon Foreign Service, the one upon the Coast of the other in

Guzzerat, and our Army in Bengal was fit for immediate Service: I can therefore confidently assert, that in every Point of View the Bullock Contrast was highly advantageous to the Company; and lb fully am I impressed with the Necclfity of granting the C-ontraSt, or. the Agency, for the Supply of Draught and Carriage Bullocks, upon fair and liberal Terms at all Times, that I took the Liberty to give these Sentiments to the Court of Directors since my Return to England, when they did me the Honour to ask my Opinion of certain Military Arrangements which they had at that Time mider Consideration: And it will not be deemed irregular or indecent in me, I trust, to quote to this Honourable House the Opinion of a Gentleman (Sir George uxll) on the Subject of Contrasts, who, at the Time he gave it, w.is a Member of this House, and Chairman of the East India Company. Sir George said, " That he " believed putting up Contrasts to public Sale would " be prejudicial to the Public Service. Men," he said, " inadequate to the Performance of the Contrasts, " would at all Times bid lower than Men of Ability " and Reputation; and they would do much more " Injury by serving the Public badly, than the Dif-terence of Expence: He had seen Instances of it Vo l.41.

".in the Contrasts of the East India Company, and Mr. HaAingtf " those of a fatal Nature." I quote these Sentiments delivered in this House by Sir George JVombwell, on the agaiait him. 4th of May 1778, as a strong Confirmation of my own

Opinion; and I affirm, t^at if Contrasts had been given away in Bengal for short Periods, and to the loweit Bidder, more particularly Army Contrasts, they would have fallen invariably into the Hands of irresponsible Men, and we might have had a very different Termination of the late arduous Struggle in India. We advert tiled, in the Year 1777, lor Proposals for keeping in Repair, the Cantonments of Burrampoor and by Contrast; an Ensign in the Service, a Mr. Foster, gave in the loweit Propofols; but the Board were sensible of the Impossibility of performing the Service for the Sum for winch lie was ready to undertake it, and we agreed to nominate Mr. Vanduhagden to perform the Duty by Agency; yet this was a direct Breach of the Company’s Orders, and by the Reasoning in the Charge, we were left in this same without an Option. I shall conclude my Observations upon the Contrast for Draught and Carriage Bullocks with the following Quotation from the letter of the Court of Directors to Bengal, of the 1 nh April 1781.

" General Coote remarks, That being in a State ot " aStual War, it was unnecessary to let forth the indispensable Necessity of having the Draught and Carriage " Bullocks put in the belt Train possible, because the " Success of every Operation in War depends so very " particularly on the bad or good Condition of the Artillery Train; and in this Opinion we concur with the " General.

" Upon the most impartial Consideration of all the " Materials before us, we candidly allow your Sylteni " for the Provision of Cattle for the Service of the " Trains to have been excellent, provided you had " Advertised for Propofols, and thereby ascertained the " lowest Terms procurable, with good Security for " Performance of the Contrast; but the Offer, wkhout Advertising for Propofols, appears to us very " improper.

V We are nevertheless of Opinion, that provided " the Terms were reasonable, it might not, for the most " obvious Reasons, be for the Good of the Service in " Time of War, to renew the Bullock Contrast every " Year."

Marine Contract.

Upon thefolleft Consideration, the Board determined, in 1777, to give the Matter Attendant, aDd his Deputy, the Contrasts for furnilfiing Pilot Sloops for the Ganges, upon the same Terms that it had been held by Mr. Keble — The Contrast was renewed for Two Years, in 1779> and was faithfully, honefily, and (economically performed: Of these FaSts the fullest Proofs were trant-mitted to England. I humbly conceive that the Court of Directors have, upon fuller Information, and on more mature Consideration, approved of these Contrasts; and also of the Contrast concluded with Captain Forde, for the Defence of foe Chittagong River against the IncUriions of the Muggs; because, as it is truly asserted in the Charge, " the Directors have not taken any " Meofures against me for my Share in concluding " them."

Mr. BelLi's Contract.

The next Charge is, for giving the Agency for fopply-ing the Garrison of Fort Iwith Provisions to my private Secretary, Mr. John Belli. My Reasons are entered at large upon Record, and to these I shall refer in the Course of Ups Proceeding; but for the

present

Mr. tlaftinga Answer to Charges against him#

7°4

Matt.

A. 178

present t affirm; that by an authentic Account, entered upon our Consultations, the actual Profits of Mr. s Agency, for Three Years, are proved to be One Lack

and Two thousand Rupees, or 10,000l. Sterling — in-itead of 15,970/. per Annum, fis it is erroneously aflfert-

ed in the Charge to have been. — This Agency was afterwards converted into a Contra fit for Five Years: I deemed it of infinite Consequence to bestow it on a Man, in whose Integrity and Honour I could place the firmest Reliance; and the Court of Direfitors have never expressed the smallest Disapprobation of Mr. s Contrafit. When I proposed originally to grant to Mr. Belli the Agency for supplying with Provisions, General Clavering calculated the Profits of this Agency to be 10,000l. a Year: Upon that Occasion I allured the Court of Direfitors, that if they were pleased to require it, the Profits arising from the Agency should be paid into the Company’s Treasury. The Court of Direfitors, adopting the General's Calculation as to the Profits, stated them at 30,000 /. and ordered that One Third of the Amount of them, or 10,000l. should be paid by me into the Company’s Treasury, when in Fact the Profits of the Three Years did not amount to more than 10,000l. Upon receiving this Explanation, the Direfitors were fully satisfied. — I hope and trull, that this Honourable House will not adopt the Sentiments of my Accuser; I shall content myself with denying, in the most public Manner, that I had any Connection, direfilly or indirefitly, with Mr. Belli, in his Agency or his Contrafit, or with any other Person holding either Agency or Contrafit during my Government. I never expected so base and unworthy an Insinuation from any Quarter, and this is the only Reply 1 shall ever make to it.

Allowances to Sir John Day.

Upon the Representation of Sir John Day (a Gentleman intimately connefited with my Political Opponents) to the Governor General and Council, in the Year 1779, of the Impossibility of his living in Calcutta upon his Salary, the Board, sensible of the Justice of the Representation, agreed to add 2,500 Rupees a Month to it, for Office Charges, House Rent, 8>c.; but the Court of Direfilors were pleased to order this Salary to be discontinued, and their Orders were obeyed. At a subsequent Period, the Board, upon a Representation from Sir John Day of the peculiar Hardship of his Situation, did agree to restore this Allowance to him of 2,500 Rupees a Month, taking an Obligation from him for the Re-payment of it, if the Court of Direfilors, on a Second Representation, should disapprove of its being continued to him.

Sir Eyre Coote’s Allowances.

’ I am next charged with having formed an Establish-ffient for Sir Eyre Coote, and for having continued it, after Orders were received from the Court of Direfilors to discondnue it In Reply to this Charge, I shall merely state the Fafils: if they will not exculpate me,

I shall submit with Willingnefe to any Censure or Punishment that this Honourable House may think proper to inflifit.

When Sir Eyre Coote arrived in , in April

J 779, he proposed visiting the different Stations of the Army, and he moved at the Board that a Field Establishment should be formed for him. The Allowances of General Stibbert, the Provincial Commander in Chief, as authorized by the Court of Direfilors, were very considerable; his Table Allowance alone was above 7,000l. a Year;, and Sir Eyre Coo’s Allowances of every

Kind, 93 ordered by the Court Of Direfilors, 6,0001, a Year. An Establishment was formed for Sir Eyre Coote for Boats, Budgerows, Table Expences, Camp Equipage, 8$c. when in the Field, calculated, as I firmly believe, so as not to exceed the additional Expences which he incurred by his Absence from Calcutta for it was then only that he was to draw these additional Allowances. On his crossing the Carumnassa, the Allowances w’ere paid by the Nabob Vizier. In the Month of September 1780, he returned to , and em-

barked for Madras with a powerful Reinforcement, and a large Supply of Treasure, during the Height of the Monsoon, on a moll important and hazardous Service.

In the Month of April 1781, the Order of the Court of Direfilors arrived, disapproving of the Allowances which we had granted to Sir Eyre , and positively ordering them to be {truck off-; and they were immediately discontinued. By what Authority Sir Eyre Coote continued to receive this Allowance from the Nabob Vizier I know not, but I have a faint Recollefition of Mr. Croftes having mentioned the Circumstance to me a short Time before Sir Eyre was returning to,

in the Month of January 1783, and I have no Doubt

of his having received my Authority to write to Mr. Bristow. — Sir Eyre Coote was then on the Point of returning to Madras, with a Constitution worn out in the Public Service by Exertions almost beyond Belief. His Life was of the utmost Importance: I had not a Doubt of his Success against Mr. Bu could he have arrived in tolerable Health upon the Coast. — This was not a Time for me to dispute any Point that could add to his Chagrin. — His Expences were considerable — He had Three fepaiate Establishments; On«f at Calcutta, One at Madras, and the Third in the Field. The Allowance, as I understand, was voluntarily paid by the Vizier. I could have had no private Interest of my own to gratify at any Period of our Connefition, more especially at a Moment when the whole World knew that Sir Eyre Coote could not live Six Months, having, when he returned to Madras, as he truly said, " one Foot in the Grave, and the other at the Edge of it." — This Honourable House is now in Possession of the Transafition, and of uiy Motives for the Share which I had in it.

Civil Establishments.

I am next charged with an immoderate Increase of the Civil Establishment in Bengal. My Accuser fays, that in 1776, before the Death of Colonel Monson, the whole Civil Expences did not exceed 205,339 /. per Annum; and that in the latter Period of my Government, in 1783, they had increased to "927,945/. per Annum. This Assertion of my Accuser is evidently unfair and ftdlacious. The afitual Increase of Civil Charges in 1783, beyond 1776, is 65,226/. Sterling, which was occasioned by an Increase of Civil Servants in Bengal, by the Addition of feme new Offices, and by the increased Salaries to other Offices of old Establishment. Those which my Accuser calls " Civil," in 1783,'are as follows: -

General Department - -Revenue Department - -

Commercial Department -Supreme Court of Judicature Surgeons and Assistants

- 338,65/

- 411,397

- 41,019

- 58,042

- 78,830

jr. 927,945

The First Head includes various Charges, which are ftrifilly Military; the Second Head includes all the Expences of my Plan of 1780, for the Management

16 Geo. III.

ment of the Revenue anting from Salt; by which, after paying the Expence of 72,807 /. the Charge of the Salt Office, there remains to the Company a Nett Revenue of 603,076/. and in the Year 177.5-6, the Company sustained a Lois of 1,473/. under the Head of Salt, as appears by a Paper printed by Order of this Honourable House, which contains an Account of the Annual Profits and Loss anting from Salt, from 1765-6 101783*4: Yet the Expence of this Office is one of my Accuser’s Charges!!! The Second Head includes also the Expence of my Plan of 1781, for the Management of the Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and for the Administration of Justice; a Plan that has been fully approved of by my Constituents, and, if I am rightly informed, it has been mentioned at the Bar of both Houses of Parliament in Terms of warm Approbation, by the learned Counsel who were employed by the East India Company to defend their Rights and Privileges, in November and December 1783. With respect to the Allowances granted to the Members of the Revenue Committee, and of the Salt Office, they arc undoubtedly large; I recorded my Reasons for proposing such ample Allowances, and I humbly prelume that the complete Success of my Plans is a Justification for my Conduct in proposing the m. Mr. David Anderson, the President of the Revenue Committee, a Gentleman whose Talents and Integrity are universally acknowledged, was selected by me to perform a temporary Service of the utmost Importance, attended with very heavy Personal Expences; I mean, to negociate and conclude the Maratta Peace, for which he has received the Thanks and Approbation of the Company. The Second Member, Mr. John Shore, returned with me to England; he is a Gentleman of very great Abilities, and of unimpeached Integrity. The Court of Directors have since appointed him to fill the Office of a Member of the Supreme Council at Bengal. The other Gentlemen who composed this Board were Men of Knowledge and Integrity, and (elected as peculiarly adapted for the Offices to which I recommended them. I confidently afi'ert, that under the Management of the Committee of Revenue, the Cultivation of the Country has been greatly improved, the Ryots have been protected, and the Revenues have been paid without Severity or Oppression.

10th. The Surgeon General’s Contract.

In this Charge my Accuser states, that I gave the Surgeon General a Contract for supplying the Hof-pitals for Three Years, in Disobedience to the Orders of the Directors. In Reply to this I affirm, that we received repeated Complaints of the improper Mode of transacting this Business. Upon full' and mature Consideration, I recommended my Plan in 1777; the Board could not determine upon the Propriety or Impropriety of Contingent Bills for Hospital Charges. Mr. Campbell, our Surgeon General, was a Gentleman of acknowledged Probity and Honour, and of exemplary Benevolence. The next in Rank, Mr. Williams, who was joined with him in the Contract, has been above Twenty Years the Surgeon Major of the Army; an undoubted Proof that the Advantages in this Branch of the Service are very inconsiderable. It had been a constant Complaint from the Commanding Officers of the Corps composing the Army, that the Emoluments of the Surgeons arose from the Number of Sick in their Hospitals, and therefore a Reform was necessary; tlrefe Emoluments were fixed by Lord Clive in 1765. I confess myself utterly unable to form any Plan by which the Office of Surgeon and Contractor could be separated without great Injury to the Service, or without adding an additional Expence to the Company, or Vol. 41,

705

depriving the Head Surgeons of every Means of Subsistence. I am precluded by my Respect for this Honourable House from going into further Detail upon such a Subject.

11th. Mr. Frasers Contract.

My Accuser in this Charge asserts, that I gave a Contract for repairing the Pools or Banks of the Rivers in Burdwan upon improvident Terms. I affirm that the

Contract was concluded upon fair and reasonable Terms, and that the Court of Directors have never stated the finalleft Objection to it; that it was faithfully and honelily performed by the Person who held it. A Neglect of my earnest Recommendations, as to another Contract of a similar Nature, has been attended, since I quitted India, with the most fatal Consequences. I

repeatedly and strongly urged to the Council the Necessity of effecting a complete Repair of the Banks of the Cossimbuzar River, both above and below the City

0 f Moorshedabad,a Repair which, before the Commencement of my Administration, was effected by a Mhatoot, or separate Collection from the neighbouring DillriCls; but the Tax has long been abolished, and the Expence, during my Government, has been defrayed by the Moorshedabad Treasury. I laid my Plan before the Board, and recommended a very intelligent Person to carry it into Execution. The Board objected to the Expence, and quoted the Orders of the Court of Directors, who had disapproved of the former Contract for this Service.

1 then urged them to form their own Plan, if they thought mine an improper or an expensive one; I implored them to appoint a Person of their own Choice to perform the Work, for if something was not soon done, very melancholy Consequences were to be apprehended. I had not Influence enough to carry my Point in any Way: The Principle of Obedience was declared by my Colleagues to be the First Principle of the Service, and the lait rainy Season the Banks were broken down; Half the City of Moorshedabad, and Half the llland of Cossimbuzar, have been under Water; many Lives have been loft; Thousands of the poorer Inhabitants have been reduced to Distress, and the Deduction from the Revenue must be very considerable in Consequence of lb melancholy an Event

12th. Ophium Contracts.

I am accused in this Charge of giving the Ophium Contract to Mr. Mackenzie in 1777, and to Mr. Sulivan in 1781. This Honourable House has ordered a Paper to be printed, by which it appears, that from 1765 to 1772, when I succeeded to the Government of Bengul, Ophium was a Monopoly for the Benefit of Individuals, and the Company acquired no Revenue from this Article: It has produced to the Company, during my Administration, 534,009/. Sterling; and it is an improving Branch of Revenue. I did not give the Contract to Mr. Mackenzie, or to Mr. Griffith, who preceded him; but I avow having given it to Mr. Sulivan, upon the same Tenns that Air. Mackenzie held it. I affirm also, that the Company benefited more by it during Mr. Suliran's Management than Mr. Mac/cenzi I also affirm, that the Provision of Ophium ever must be a Monopoly, and that if it is to be put up to Sale, and granted to the lowest Bidder, the Company will lole the Revenue altogether, by Competition and Adulteration. I find my own Sentiments on this Subject confirmed by the Opinion of one of my Colleagues, Mr. Francis, who observed, in a Minute on the Subject of this Contract, in May 1775, " that he should think it unadviseable

8 R "to

20 M

Mr. Hasting*' Answer to Charges against him.

2° Maii. A. 178

Charges ogaii.'K him.

Mr Mailings’ " to engage on very low Terms with any Contractor." Answer to J claim the Merit of having created this Revenue to the Company, and in One Instance in the Course of my Government, a Gentleman, whose Interest I had at Heart, has undoubtedly benefited by that Contract, which fouie Person or other must have held. I con. curred in giving this Contract to Mr. Mackenzie in 1777; but if it could be supposed that 1 had been actuated in my public Conduct by the Motives which my Accuser imputes to me, Mr. Mackenzie was the last Man in Bengal whom I should have patronized, his Connections in this Country and in having been invariably

hostile to inc. He went originally a Cadet to Bombay in .‘770, and acted as Secretary to the late General Wed-dcrburn; upon his Death he returned to , and

was sent to Bengal with the Rank of a Factor in 1776, by the Influence, as I have always understood, of Lord Loughborough. He was on the most intimate Terms with my Opponent, Mr. Francis’, and it is impossible for any Man to luppoie that I could have any Private or Personal Motives to gratify, when I concurred in granting the Ophium ContraX to a Gentleman whose Connexions were so advetfe to me. I should be ashamed to notice such trivial Circumstances to this Honourable House, if my Accuser had not charged me with attempting to establish a corrupt Interest in Great Britain, by the Disposal of the Patronage annexed to my Station in India.

My Accuser has taken much Pains to prove that I was guilty of Inattention to the Interest of my Constituents, by loading a Quantity of Ophium in Two Ships, for the Purpose of remitting a considerable Sum on the Company’s Account to China. I shall merely observe upon this Part of the Charge, that in the critical Situation of our Affairs in India, in the Year 1781, w hen private Merchants were precluded from the Purchase of Ophium, first by the Scarcity of Specie, and next by the Dangers to which Ships were exposed in the Indian Seas, the Question to consider was this, whether I should take the Chance of fending Ophium to China and the Eastern Islands on the Company’s Account, in order to furnish our Supra Cargoes at China with a Supply of Specie, or suffer the Ophium to remain one Seal'on in Calcutta, and risque the Detention of the Company’s Ships for One Year at Canton. Mr. and myself, for the Plan was Mr. s, determined

to make the Experiment. The Supra Cargoes gave the following Information to the Directors, which my Accuser has carefully suppressed: " The Objex of the " Governor General and Council was, to raise a Sum " of Money to answer the Exigencies of the Com party’s " Affairs in that Part of India, and at the same Time " to afford us a Supply for providing the Cargoes for " the present Year. Had Ophium not been imported " in Portuguese Ships, and had the Captain obeyed his " Orders, zee have not the least Doubt but it might have " sold to considerable Advantage. The Betsey w as taken;

" had her Voyage been accomplished, we have great " Reason to imagine, that the Honourable Company " would have received considerable Advantage from it.

" She sold as much of her Cargo as produced 59,600 " Dollars, which was paid into the Honourable Company’s Treasury here." The Ophium sent to and the Islands, in 1781, fold for Ninety-three thousand Three hundred and Forty-five Pounds Sterling, which was paid into the Treasury at Canton. The Scheme was a temporary one, and the N.eceffity urgent, both for raising a Sum of Money in Bengal, and remitting a considerable Sum to China. What iny Accuser means, by stating that I was guilty of a Breach of Trust, by monopolizing an Article for which there w as no Sale, I do not understand; had I thrown the Trade open, or relinquished the ContraX for One Year, the lie venue had been loft to the Com-

04

pany for ever. From whence my Accuser received the Information that Mr. Sulivan fold his ContraX to Mr. Benn, or that Mr. Betm afterwards fold it to another Person, I know not: If the Fact is so, the Sale was made without my Privity or Consent, nor can it be a Part of the present Question.

I am accused of having appointed a Resident to Goa, where the Company never had one before; that the Office was a nominal one, and given to a Person not in the Company’s Service. The Appointment was made at a Moment when it appeared to the Board to be a very necessary one, in the most critical Moment of the late War: it was given to a Gentleman who had been Ten Years Governor of Bombay, and was reduced by unexpected Misfortunes, in the Decline of Life, to re* turn in a private Station to India. The Court of Directors recommended him to our Notice; be was ordered to be treated with Respect and Attention, in consequence of the high Station he had filled. I did not create the Office of Resident at Goa for Mr. Crummelin; 1 never saw him until he arrived in Bengal, and had then no Connection with him; but I conceived, at the Time I conferred the Office upon him, that it would be approved of by the Court of Directors.

Mr. Aubiol’s Agency.

I am next charged with giving to Mr. Auriol, our Se* cretary, the Agency for the Supply of Rice and Provisions for the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay, upon very improvident Terms; I appeal to Mr. s most excellent explanatory Letter, to my Minutes, and to the Proceedings upon this Subjex, for my complete Justification. Mr. Auriol received 15 per Cent. Corn-million for the First Year, and 5 per Cent, from that Time; he performed the Service with which I entrusted him with uncommon Diligence and Fidelity; his Merits are well known to the Court of Directors, and have been acknowledged by them. The Supplies lent from Bengal in the Year 1782, the First of Mr. Auriol'% Agency, were lb very ample and considerable, that we reduced the Commission from 15, which had been the customary Rate allowed for these Services, to 5 per Cent. What my Accuser means by saying I was guilty of a Deception, I cannot understand;. Mr. Auriol was entitled to receive Ready Money for his Purchases, but from the State of the Treasury in 1783, we had it not in our Power to discharge his Bills as they became due: Treasury Orders were given' to him, and, in common with other Orders of a limilar Nature, they bore an Interest of 8 per Cent, until discharged; which was in Fact a considerable Loss to Mr. Auriol, as he was compelled to pay 10 and 12 per Cent, for the Money he borrowed to complete his Purchases, while he received an Interest of 8 per Cent, only for Sums due to him from the Company. In faX, what my Accuser has stated as an Advantage to Mr. Auriol, and a Deception on my Part, was a very great Loss to him, and a considerable Draw’-back from the Profits of his Agency. Before this Honourable House shall adopt the Sentiments of my Accuser,

I am well convinced they will consider the critical Period at which I adopted the Measure complained of, the prodigious Supplies that were sent, and the unexampled Efforts that were made to avert the Miseries of the Famine which raged with Violence at Madras, and on the Coast of Coromandel.

I must however allow, that the Civil Expences during the latter Period of my Government were increased, but to a very inconsiderable Degree indeed, when compared to the Enormity of the Sum at which my Accuser has erroneously stated the Increase. I affirm the Increase in the Civil Establilliment to have been 65,22 61. only, and my Accuser has stated it at more than

a6 Geo. III.

2° Mali.

707

than 700,000 /. by including Civil, Military, Commercial, and Revenue Departments under one Head. If the Honourable House shall adopt this Charge, I am fully prepared to prove my Assertion. For the present I shall observe, that, by an Account upon the Table of this Honourable House, it appears that in the Year 1771-2, the Revenues of Baikal, alter paving all Ex peaces of Collection to European and Native Servants, were 2,126,766 That in 1784-5, after paving all Expences of all the Establishments of the Revenue and the Administration of Justice, they were - - - 2,072,963

£ 53,803

So that with every Addition of Expence in the Revenue Branch, where the Allowances certainly were very considerable in order to preclude every Temptation to unfair Emoluments, the Nett Revenue of 1771-2 exceeded that of 1784-5 in the Sum of 53,803/. only, notwithstanding the prodigious Supplies furnished by Bengal during the War. But there remains to be added to the latter Period Two Brauches of Revenue, one of which did notexist in 1771-2, and the other has been very greatly increased. In 1771-2 the Company had no advantage from Opbium.

In 1783-4 the Nett Revenue amounted

to ---- 78,300

In 1771-2 Salt produced - - 61,663

101783-4- - 603,076

-------- 542,613

Excess in 1783-4 - 542,613 £.620,913

Deduct: Excels of Revenue in

1771-2 - - - 53,803

Remains - £-567,110

From this Statement it appears that during my Government, after defraying the Revenue Expences of every Denomination, there was an actual Increase of 567,110/. in the Resources of Bengal alone.

Yet I will not affirm that the Charge is absolutely groundless; there never yet was a Syltem of Public Oeconomy, in which it could not in a Degree apply. The Eloquence of rriy Accul'er has been often employed, as I have been informed, in exposing the enormous Contracts which where concluded, and the unprofitable Loans which were made, during the late calamitous War, by an unfortunate Minister; with what Justice it would ill become me to determine. I am ready to allow, that some of our Officers in Bengal were overpaid; nor were the Emoluments allotted to all exactly proportioned to their Importance, or the Ability required for discharging the m. Men were not invariably appointed to Offices to which they were suited, or belt suited, by their Talents, Experience, and Integrity: it is impossible that they should, when the Power of Patronage is in many Hands, and established under the Influence of Personal Favour, or of Superior Patronage. The Wisdom of the Legislature has now applied a Remedy for Evils which existed in the Governments in India, during the Period that I was at the Head of the Adroini-stration in Bengal.

Answer to the Eighth Charge.

Receipts and Presents.

Before I enter on my Defence against this Article of Charge, I mud premise that foine Parts of it re-Vo l. 41,

late to Transactions which passed Fourteen Years ago; Mr. Halting*’ and what is very remarkable, Transactions, which nt that Answer to Period received the entire Approbation of my Employers, t-liarges are now converted into Acts of Criminality. I there- d§‘unIt im* fore lay my Claim to plead the Sanction of the Court of Directors, for a full Acquittal of my Conduct in every Instance where I can produce it; and this Honourable House must fee the Justice and Necessity of this Claim, for if it be not admitted, there never can be an End to the Controveriy, and they most for ever be teazed with a Repetition of the Volumes which have been already written on this exhausted Subject.

In this Article my Accuser charges me with ",the " Receipt of large Sums of Money, corruptly taken,

" before the Promulgation of the Regulating Act of " 1773. contrary to my Covenants with the Company,

" and with the Receipt of very large Sums taken fmee,

" in Defiance of that Law, and contrary to my declared " Sense of its Provisions.’’ And he ufliers in this Charge in the following pompous Diction: — " That in March " 1775 the late Rajah Nundcomar, a Native of " the highest Cast in his Religion, and of the highest " Rank in Society, by the Offices which he had held " under the Country Government, did lay before the " Council an Account of various Sums of Money,

It would naturally strike every Person, ignorant of the Character of Nundcomar, that an Accusation made by a Person of the highest Call in his Religion, and of the highest Rank by his Offices, demanded particular Notice, and required a considerable Degree of Credid, from a prevalent Association of Ideas, that a nice Sense of Honour is connected with an elevated Rank of Life: But when this Honourable House is informed, that my Accuser knew (though lie suppressed the Fasts) that this Perfor. of high Rank, and high Cast, had forfeited every Prclension to Honour,

Veracity, and Credit; that there are Fasts recorded on the very Proceedings which my Accuser partially quotes, proving this Man to have been guilty of a most flagrant Forgery of Letters from Mutiny and the Nabob Yetram ul-Dmclah(independent of the

Forgery for which he suffered Death) Of the most deliberate Treachery to the State, for which he was confined, by the Orders of the Court of Directors, to the Limits of the Town of Calcutta, in order to prevent his dangerous Intrigues; and having violated every Principle of common Honesty in private Lite; I fav, when this Honourable House is acquainted it is from mutilated and garbled Assertions, founded on the Testimony of such an Evidence, without the whole Matter being fairly ltated, I do hope and trust it will be sufficient for them to reject now these vague and unsupported Charges, in like Manner as they were before rejected by the Court of Directors, and His Majestys Ministers, when they were Jirst made by General Clavering, Colonel Monson, and Mr. Francis.

I must here interrupt the Course of my Defence, to explain on what Grounds I employed, or had any Connection with, a Man of (b flagitious a Character as Nundcomar. This hard and odious Talk was imposed upon me by the Court of Directors. It was their Orders that he should be employed. These Orders too were private and particular to myself, so that a rigid Obedience to the Will of my Superiors, and a strict Performance of *

One of the fevered Duties which could be required of me, subjected me for a Time, not only to the Obloquy of my Colleagues, but allb to the Reproach of all Orders and Description of Men in the Settlements, and at the same Time forced me to Communications with a Man, who knew that I both despised and detested him, and who from these Motives, I foretold would one Day prove the Enemy lie since proved himself. My Opinion of this Man has never varied, and it has been

uniformly

writ ’ , 4

a° Mali. A. 1786.

Mr.Hastings’ uniformly given at various Tiroes on the Records of the Anl'wer to Company. The Court of Directors too, when they di-

c barges rected me to employ him in the Investigation of Mahomed

agamu un. Reza CawrisAdmiuistration, were aware of the Dif-

ficulties they laid me under, and of the Danger of having such an Agent; but being " satisfied that I was too " well apprized of the Subtlety and Disposition of " comar to yield him any Trustor Authority which might " prove detrimental to their Interest, and relying on my " Wildotn and Caution, they directed me to make ule " of his Intelligence to detect the Mal-Administration " of Mahomed Reza Cwhofe Power had been the " Object of Nundcomar'sEnvy, and whose Office the " Aim of his Ambition." In this Situation of

comar s apparent Confidence with me, the Majority of the Supreme Council, in the Year 1775, thought him a fit Agent to destroy my Reputation, and eradicate my Authority, concluding that he had been trusted by me, and knowing that if he were, he would betray me. Under these Impressions General Clavering, Colonel Momon, and Mr. Francis, feletted him for that Purpose, and here the Scene opens which the present Article exhibits, and which I shall now proceed to answer.

It is in vain that I have defended my (elf against some of these Charges, since they are renewed again and again; and all my former Explanations, which at the Time satisfied both my Employers and the Mi-nifters of Government, are forgotten, and consigned to Oblivion. However, since the Accusation is revived, I must repeat my Defence, and appeal to my former Vindication. My Accuser states, that, " in- Read of offering any Thing in my Defence, I dedared I would not suffer to appear

" before the Boardbut he withholds every material Part of my Objections, and quotes only a single Line, which he marks in Italics, out of a Page of Reasons that I gave for objecting to the Proceedings of the Council at that Time, and which are as follow.

" A combined and declared Majority have stood forth " as my Accusers. I appeal, for the Truth of this Assertion, to the whole Tenor of their Conduct since " their Arrival in this Country; and to the undoubted " Evidences which appear on the public Records of the " last Fifteen Days Confutations, that these Gentlemen " are themselves Parties, if not the Principals, as in " my Heart I believe them to be, and such the World " esteems them, and the Ranny of Burdwan, and Rajah " Nundcomar, little more than Instruments and oftenfible Agents, in the Accusations preferred by them " against me.

" As little do I judge it confident with my own " Honour, or your Interest, to suffer the first Member of this State to be personally arraigned at the " Council Board, and exposed to the Insolence and " Calumnies of a Miscreant like Nundcomar. Had " the Majority been disposed to accept my Proposition of "appointing a Committee for prosecuting their Enquiries,

" either into these or the Allegations, they might

" have obtained the same Knowledge, and all ike " faction, in this Way, that they could have expected " from an Inquisition taken by the Board at largetheir " Proceedings would have had the Appearance at lead " of Regularity, and my Credit would have been less affected by them. The oidy Point which they could possibly " gain by bringing such a Subject before the Board, was " to gain a public Triumph over me, and to expose my Place and Person to Insult.

" Although I have declined entering, at this Time u and Place, into a Refutation of the Accusations " which have been preferred against me, in the " Names of Nundcomar and the Ranny of Burdwan,

" yet I do not think it proper to pass them wholly " unnoticed.

" You are well informed of the Reasons which first " induced me to give any Share of my Confidence to " Nundcomar, with whose Character I was acquainted " by an Experience of many Years. The Means which " he himltlf took to acquire it were peculiar to himself. " He sent a Messenger to me at Madras, on the frsl

"News of my Appointment to this Presidency, with " pretended Letters from Munny Begum, and the Nabob " Yetram ul Dowlah, the Brother of the Nabob Juffier

" Aly Khan, filled with bitter invectives against " med Reza Khan, and of as warm Recommendations, as " I recollect, of Nundcomar.- I have been since " fonned, by the Begum, that the Letter, which bore her " Seal, was a complete Forgery, and that she was totally " unacquainted with the Use which had been made of her " Name, till I informed her of it. Juggut " Nundcomar s Son-in-Law, was sent to her expressly to " entreat her not to divulge it. Mr. Middleton, whom " she consulted on the Occasion, can attest the Truth of

"this Story. I have not yet had the Curiosity to enquire of the Nabob Yetram ul Dowlah whether his " Letter was of the same Stamp, but I cannot doubt it.

" The Promise which he fays I made him, that he " should be constituted Aumeen (that is, Inquisitor " General over the whole Country) and that I would " delegate the whole Power and Influence to him, is fotnething more than a negative Falsehood. He did Once " or Twice intimate to me a Wi(h of the Kind, but " with lb little Success that for a While he wholly dropt " it. On Mr. Reed's Return from the Coast, where he " had been on Leave of Absence, Nundcomar made " his Application to him for the same Employment, " hoping, through his Influence, to obtain it. Mr. " Reed, deceived by his Suggestions, brought the Proposition before the Board, and supported it with " Warmth, and it was rejected. The manner in which " this Matter had been introduced contains striking " Proofs of the incendiary Character of the Man; and " the Proceedings will shew the Grounds on which the " Proposition was rejected."

It is further alledged, " that the Evidence of this " Man, Nundcomar, not having been encountered at " the Time when it might and ought to have been, " remains justly in Force against me, and is not " abated by the Capital Punishment of the said " Nundcomar, but rather confirmed by the Time and " Circumstances in which the Accuser suffered Death." This Reasoning is inconsequent and malicious. In the first Place the Evidence of this Man was encountered by the Proposition I made at the Time to the Majority of appointing a Committee for prosecuting an Enquiry into his Allegations; Secondly, these Allegations were committed to the Hands of the Company's Solicitor, for the Purpose of commencing a Suit against me, where I must have encountered them, had they been thought sufficiently authentic to have maintained an Action; and, lastly, I voluntarily offered to the Court of Directors, in my Address before mentioned, to submit all my Transactions of what Nature soever, to their Justice, in any Way or Form they should prescribe. But to this Hour they never have thought such Accusations, from such a Wretch, worthy their Notice; and the Attorney General told them, in his Opinion, " Nundcomar s Information goes " nothing."

To the malicious Parts of this Charge, which is the Condemnation of Nundcomar for a Forgery, I do declare, in the most solemn and unreserved Manner, that I had no concern, either directly or indirectly, in the apprehending, prosecuting, or Execution of Nundcomar. He suffered for a Crime of Forgery, which he had committed in a private Trust that was delegated to him, and for which he had been prole-cuted in the Dewanny Courts of the Country before

66 Geo. 111.

Mail.

7°9

the Instilution of the Supreme Court of Judicature. To adduce this Circumstance therefore as a Confirmation of what was before suspicions from his general Depravity of Character, is just as reasonableas to afi'ert, that the Ac-cufations of Epsom and Dudley were confirmed, because they fuftered Death for their atrocious Acts.

them. He was asked by them, who he was, and in Mr.llaflino* what Condition of Life? the Alan replied, " In no " Employment now; I was a Farmer of against him.

Two Evidences were then called, who directly contradicted each other. notwithstanding this, the Majority declared their Belief of the Charge;

mar before the Council is stated with a minute Particularity and Precilion; the Date of each Payment specified the various Coins hi which it was paid, and the disfcrcnt Persons through w hole Hands the Money

puffedand it is argued, " that if no Advantage

It is alledged that " the Account laid by Nundco- Khan is next called upon; and because he de-

clined to take an Oath, pleading that it was repugnant to the Manners of his Country, and in this Instance, to every Idea of Jufrice in any Country, he is dismissbd from his Office for Contempt of Authority. o Soon after the Death of Colonel JUonson he was re-

be taken of such Particularity in the Charge, to de- Stored to his Office; and all Questions being carried " tect the Falsebood thereof, and no Defence whatever By my Calling Vote (fays the Charge) and that Ltcmade, a Presumption juTt 13* arises in Favour of the Itoration not having been preceded, accompanied, or " Truth of such a Charge." In the Apprehension of followed, by any Explanation or Defence whatsoever, every candid Person, the Presumption must be exactly or even by a Denial of the specific Charge of Collusion the lleverse, for if there were all those minute Pai'ticu- with the said Khan Jehan Khan, the Truth of the said lars to refer to, and lb many Persons to authenticate Charge is confirmed.

them, what prevented my Enemies, the Majority of To this Article I have only to reply, that the Charge the Board, armed as they were with full Power, from carried Falfity on the very Face of fit, from the Con-

of a lingle Person prevented all Proof; or that I, with- lates to my Banyan; but as I thought Khan Jehan

out any Influence, stopped the Course of their Pro- Khan had been dismissed without any Crime, it was but

cecdings, when it is further asserted in the same Charge, just to give my Vote for his Restoration. and almost in the same Breath, that the Majority Much Stress is laid upon a Declaration repeatedly " of the Board continued to sit and examine Witnesses?made by me in my Letters, that it was my fixed and when it is evident they might have carried on " Determination, most fully and liberally to explain the Business of their Inquisition as fully and effec- " every Circumstance on the Points on which I have been arraigned, not doubting both to convey the " clearelt Conviction of my own Integrity and of " the Purity of my Motives for declining a present " Defence of it."

In my Addrefe to the Court of Directors of the 25th March 177.5, I informed them, "That the Allegations of Rajah Nundcomar have been committed to " the Hands of your Attorney, for the Purpose of commencing a Suit at Law against me, in the Name of " the Company, for the Recovery of Sums said to " have been received by me from Mutiny Begum, in the Year 1772: I relerve my Defence for the same " Channel, not choosing to give my Adversaries an Actvantage, by anticipating it, nor to belpeak your " premature Judgment on a Cause thus depending." When these Allegations were transmitted to the Court of Directors, they in like Manner referred them to the great Law Officers for their Opinions, which I. beg Leave to quote.

tually without my Presence as with it ? To such Contradictions are added bold Afferlions in Violation of all Truth; and in order to support a fallacious Principle of the Accuser’s own stating, the Charge asserts " it is not true, as I have laid, that it was repugnant to the Manners either of the Mussulman or Hindoo " to take an Oath." Now it is not possible for me to have made an Assertion more true, or more generally acknowledged, than that it is repugnant to the Manners both of Mussulmen and Hindoos to take an Oath. It has been proved by an Appeal that was made to eminent Persons of both Religions: It may be proved by a Number of Witnesses now in England,

.who know any Thing of the Customs of the Natives; and I therefore repeat the Assertion, and retort the Untruth on my Accuser.

Writh regard to the Appointment of Mutiny Begum to the Office for which it is alledged (he was unqualified, and incapable of discharging its Duties, I shall only observe that it is One of the Instances wherein I shall avail myself for my Defence of the entire Appro- Mr. Attorney General, t

bation of the Court of Directors, to whom the whole " Begum wras certainly a Person within the

Particulars were minutely detailed, and by whom they Description of the Deed of February 1775; but the

were highly approved. same seems to ascribe the 150,000 Rupees in Question

The next Person who is produced is Khan Jehan to Entertainment afforded the Governor in his Pro-Khtoi; and I must again refer to the Proceedings of grels, according to some established Usage; nay, it

that Time for a full Account of this Measure. The . seems to suppose that his Expences, if they had not

Ample Fa6t is, that an obscure Individual, a Native been defrayed according to the Usage, would have been Jiengal, presented a Petition to the Supreme Coun- paid by the Company, but were not. on the 30th March 1775> setting forth, that the " The Evidence as here stated is fiill more dc-

Ovjgedar of Houghley, Khan Jehan Khan (a Man of fective; if the Appendix is adopted by the Directors, h iprh Rank and Office) was allowed 72,000 Rupees a and meant to make a Part of the Cafe, it throws Dis~ V~ esar, 40,000 of which he had paid to me and my credit upon all the Information collected. jticanyan, and that he would do the Duty himself for mar's, Information goes for nothing. If he were ojher-by which the Company would save 40,000 wife credible, this makes but one Article among others -Rupees a Year. So extraordinary a Petition as this, which seem to be disbelieved. Upon the Whole, I fee *,n which a low and obscure Individual desires a Post no Evidence sufficient in my Judgment to maintain an -of high Trust and great Importance, on the novel A "

Plea of obtaining 32,000 Rupees a Year for himself, who had never been in any Office of a Tythe of the Value, was, I believe, never presented to a public

Body. However, he had accuied me, and that was Evidence as attentively as the Time will admit, sufficient for the Majority to summon him before " With respect to the Evidence, the Matter is by Vo L. 41. 8 S no

Action.

Air. Serjeant Adair.

I have considered this Cafe, and copfidered the

Mr.Hastings’ Answer to C barges agniuft him.

710 2* Mail. -^.1780.

no Means clear. The Charge seems to be confined to the Lack and Half of Rupees for the Governors Entertainment at Moorshedabad. I think them may be lbine

Doubt whether, if the Fast respecting the Sum given for Entertainment was fully established, it would amount to such a clear and direct Breach of the Covenant as would entitle the Company to recover.

" At all Events, I cannot think it adviseable for the Company to commence a Suit against Mr. Hastings upon such Evidence as stated in this Cafe, especially under the Circumstances, and in the Manner it appears to have been obtained'*

Mr. Dunning.

" It appears to me difficult to reconcile the Evidence stated, and impossible to judge of the Credit due to any Part of it, without fuller Information; particularly as to the Manner in which it is suggested to have been procured?

Mr. Smith, the Company’s Solicitor’s Opinion.

" Upon the Whole of this Evidence, I cannot bring myself to think that there is sufficient Ground for the Company to commence a Suit against Mr. Hastings, for Recovery of those Sums to which my Observations are confined; I mean all Sums stated, except the Lack and Half upon which the Opinion of Counsel has been taken. The Proof is exceedingly confuted; but, when I consider the Eagerness the Majority of the Council have shewn to establish these Charges; the extraordinary Measures they pursued; the very easy Method of proving the Fasts, if true; the very flender Proof (if any) that is given; the Observation arising upon the Face of the Proof; and the flat Contradiction of Munny Begum; these various Circumstances in my Mind amount almost to an absolute Conviction, that the Story cannot be true. If the Fast had been true, the persons mentioned by 'Nundcomar as those through whose Hands the Four First Articles were paid, might have been examined, and they must have proved the Fads; but it does not appear that any One of them was called upon, although most of them were resident at Calcutta. This Proof would have been easy and certain. As to Nundcomar, if his bad Character was not too well established not to deserve Credit, the Manner which he tells the Story would destroy his Credit."

Now when the Court of Directors, instead of asking any Explanation from me on any of these Allegations, referred them to a Course off Law; when the Lawyers to whom they were referred not only thought them too vague and insufficient to maintain an Action, but even condemned the Facts on the Informer’s own Statement of them; when the Characters of my Accusers themselves suffered from their intemperate Conduct, and the notorious Infamy of the Agents they employed to destroy my Reputation; and when, after every Effort of Ministry and the Directors to criminate me, I was acquitted of these unfounded Charges, and repeatedly reappointed to my Station of Governor General: After all these Circumstances, is it any Crime in me not to have explained, what to the present Moment I have never been called upon to explain ?

I now come to that Part of the Charge, in which I am accused of having at different Times, since the Promulgation of the Act of 1773, received various other Sums, contrary to the express Prohibition of the said Act, and to ray own declared Sense of the evident Intent and Obligation of it

I hope this Honourable House will not think it necessary for me to answer all the irrelevant Matter in this or any other Charge; but that they will think

I exculpate myself sufficiently from any*Offence to the Law they have enacted, if I prove that the Sums I have acknowledged, and am here charged with having received, were not taken, according to my Judgment, in Violation of the Ordinances of that Law, but under Circumstances which, in my own Opinion, fully justified me. I make this previous Remark, because 1 find in this Charge much Cavil, and a great deal of Criticifin on the Expressions of my several Letters to the Court of Directors on these Subjects. For Instance: It is argued that I had not alienated the Sums deposited in my Name, although I have expressly laid I had endorsed the Bonds, or in other Words, that I declared then) not to be my Property. There are Distinctions of Common Law in Matters of private Property, which I hope it will not be expected I should combat; and therefore I shall proceed to reply to the general Principles of the Act, trusting to the Liberality of this Honourable House, to acquit me if they fee no corrupt Motive in my Actions.

I beg it may be observed, that the First of these Presents was received in the Year 1780, at a Time when, as I have truly said to the Directors, " the Exigencies of the Government were my own, and every " Pressure upon it rested with its full Weight upon my " Mind: Wherever I could find allowable Means of " relieving them, I eagerly seized them." It was in this Year, and at one of these distrdsful Periods I allude to, that I formed the Plan for drawing Mhadajee Scindiafrom Guzzerat to the Defence of his own Dominions, in Hopes of laying the Foundation of that Peace with the Marattas, to which this Measure did afterwards so greatly contribute. This Plan was of-posed by Mr. Francis, then a Member of the Council, on the Plea, amongst others of little Importance, of the additional Expence we should incur by its Adoption. About this Time, Buxey Sadanund, the confidential Servant of Cheyt Sing, had been deputed to me at Calcutta by his Master, to acknowledge his former ill Con-dust, and to assure me of his implicit Obedience and Submission in future: He was also entrusted by his Master, to endeavour to procure a Remission of the Payment of the Annual Sum of Five Lacks of Rupees, which the Board had fixed as his Proportion of the Expences of the War. — I peremptorily refused his Request, but assured him, that on the Restoration of Peace, this additional Subsidy should cease; and that this was all he must expect. — Sadanund wrote to his Master, and received a Commission from him, to give me the strong-eft Assurances of his future Obedience, and Submission to the Orders of Government; and he was further directed to request my Acceptance of Two Lacks of Rupees, as a Present to myself. My Reply was, that I cordially received his Submission and Assurances of Obedience, but that I must absolutely refuse his Present, which I did.

Having been disappointed in the Execution of my Plan for attacking Scindia's Dominions, which I deemed, and which proved to be of the most material Consequence, and being thwarted in it by my Colleagues on the Plea of Expence, which was tbs only material Objection made to it, I determined to accept of the Offer which I before refused; and on my Return from the Council, the Day I believe that my Plan was rejected, I sent to Sadanund, and told him I had reconsidered his Master’s Offer, and would accept the Two Lacks of Rupees, which I desired him to pay to the Sub-Treasurer, Mr. Croftes, meaning to apply this Money to defray the Expence of the Expedition against Scindia, and thereby hoping to obviate the only Objection which had been made to this important Undertaking. Unfortunately I did not succeed in obtaining the Consent of Mr. Francis

2,6 Geo. III.

711

and Mr. ffheeler, and was therefore concerned at having lary, I borrowed Three Lacks of Rupees of Rajah Mr. Hefting*1 accepted tins Sum from Sadanund, since the only Use Noblemen, an Inhabitant of Calcutta, whom I desired to Answer to which I meant to appropriate it was frustrated; and I call upon me with a Bond properly filled up; he did so, expressed my Vexation to Mr. Markham, my Secretary, but at the Time I was going to execute it, he entreated I n^aiul H0* a» he (who fortunately for me is now in England,}can would rather accept the Money than execute the Bond, attest. Upon mature Reflection I determined neither I neither accepted the Offer nor refuted it, and my De-to inform the Council of the Transaction, nor to return termination upon it remained suspended between the the Money to Sadanund, having once contented to accept Alternative of keeping the Money as a Loan to be it; I therefore suffered it to remain in the Company’s repaid, and of taking it; and applying it, as I bad done Cash, as a Deposit for their Use, and by the next Dif- other Sums, to the Company’s Use; and there the patch to Europe I informed the Court of Directors of Matter relied till I undertook my Journey to Lucknoiv, the Transaction, though I did not state to them from when I determined to accept the Money for the Com-whom I received the Money — a Neglect which I should pany’s Use; and these were my Motives: — Having made have fiudiously avoided, could I‘have foreseen the Con- Disbursements from my own Cash for Services, which, sequences of it. I thought at the Time that I did all though required to enable me to execute the Duties of that was necessary, by declaring that it was not my awn, my Station, I had hitherto omitted to enter into my and that I neither could nor would have received it, but public Accounts, I resolved to reimburse myself in a for their Use. Mode moll suitable to the Situation of the Company’s

After this Explanation I hope this Honourable House Aftairs, by charging these Disbursements in my Dur-House will acquit me of any corrupt Motive, or any bar Accounts of the present Year, and crediting View of private Advantage, in the Manner of accepting them by a Sum privately received, which was this of this Offer. Nobkisss. If my Claims upon the Company were The rest of the Sums which are entered in the public not founded in Justice, and born Jide due, my Ac-Treasury Accounts, either as Money lent on Bond, or ceptance of Three Lacks of Rupees from Nobkissen placed on Deposit, were taken, as I have already laid, by no means precludes them from recovering that in the Time of the most pressing Necessity, in order to Sum from me. No Member of this Honourable relieve the Exigencies of the State, which I felt so House suspects me, I hope, of the Meanncfs and forcibly, that, attentive only to provide for them, I did Guilt of presenting false Accounts — I have never be. not refieft on an Interpretation which might be put on nefited by contingent Charges, or by retaining the my Actions so totally foreign to the Purity of their Mo- Money of the Public in my own Possession, for xny fives. I cannot better prove this Purity of Intention to private Emolument.

the Satisfaction of the Honourable House, than by shewing I have purposely refrained from any Remarks or that every Step I took in this Business led to a public Observations on feme unfair Deductions and unjust Application of the Money; and to put it out of my own Inferences in the Reasoning of this Charge, as well as on Pow'er to benefit by the Acceptance of it feme Assertions which are not true, in order to avoid

I have already fully explained the Transaction of breaking in upon the Narrative of these Transactions: the Two Lacks of Rupees given by Sadanund; the But I must now take Leave to observe to this Honour-Sum of 406,000 Rupees, for which Ronds were given, able House, that the Insinuations which are made against was paid directJy into the Company’s Treasury for me for not communicating these Circumstances " till I their Use, and never passed through my Hands; and was apprized of the Enquiries made in the House in a few Months after the Receipt of it, when I was " of Commons, and when a Dread of the Coiife-about to leave the Presidency to proceed up the " quences of these Enquiries might aft upon my Country on a Service liable to personal Danger, I " Mind," are equally injurious and groundless. My endorsed the Bonds payable to the Company, and First Communication to the Court of Directors was left them in the Hands of Mr. Larkins, our Ac- dated the 29th of November <1780, when no Enquiry had countant General, with express Directions to deliver commenced. When I wrote my Letter to the Directors, them up. I hope I need not detain this Honourable in May 1782, I could not possibly have known of the House by obviating the Cavil that an Indorsement on Change of Ministry in the preceding March, which is a Bond is not good in Common Law, though it is in another Consequence alluded to — But my Accuser fays.

Equity. I flatter myself it will be evident that I had this Letter was not dispatched fill the 16th December no corrupt Motive in taking this Money; that it was 1782, and it might have been sent sooner. — To this I bona jide for the Company’s Use; that they and not I reply, that when I wrote this Letter, in May, the Lively had the Benefit of it; and that the Alienation of my was expected to be dispatched every Day; that in the Right, by the Indorsement, was in Fast as effectual as a Course of Human Events it was probable (he would formal Transfer. arrive in England before any other Ship; that bet

Two other Sums, of 232,000 Rupees, and of 58,000 Detention was neither to be foreseen nor prevented i —

Rupees, were paid into the Treasury, as received from and, lastly, a Gentleman of approved good CharwaC' jne on Account of Durbar Charges; which is a re- ter, high in Station and Reputation, makes Oaath* gular Official Account, as much under the Inspection that the Letter was made up and sealed for of the Supreme Council as all the other public Ac- Livs Packet, and remained closed till the i6tha. of counts, and consequently no Concealment could h^ve December, when it was opened for the exprefe aamd been made or intended, and they hereby became im- sole Purpose of enclosing his Affidavit. — The A'QTer"

mediately as much the Property of the Company as if tion, " that it does not any where appear I Irraav0,

they had been a regular Revenue. surrendered the said Bonds, as I ought to

The last Part of the Charge Hates, That in tny " done," is not true. Ttey have been all

Letter to the Court of Directors of the 21st Fe- rendered, as will appear by the Papers now before

bruary 1784, I have confessed to have received aao- Honourable House.

ther Sum of Money, the Amount of which is not _ I have nothing more to add to this Reply, tharw declared, but which, from the Application of it, it will be found, on a Reference to the Act of 1 ^3,

could not be Ids than Thirty-four thousand Pounds which I am accused of violating-^that the Sterling, #c. — In the Year 1783, when I was afifcually hibifion of receiving Money is there strictly in Want of a Sum of Money for my private Ex- fined to the Person’s not receiving it for his J(&, pences, owing to the Company not having at that or on his Behalf; and to assure this Honoviv^^, tj]0 'lime sufficient Calli in their Treasury to pay my Sa- House, in the most solemn Manner, that I Ocv/’f Vol.41. ri

Mr. TIafting: Answer to Charges a^aiuu him.

71a Mali. A. 17

; meant nor intended the Money so taken by me for any other Use than that of the State, which was, at the Time of its being taken, in Inch imminent Danger and Distress, that every little Aid of this Kind became an Object of National Confer)uence. I hope this Honourable House will do me the Justice to believe, that a pure Principle of Zeal alone actuated my Conduct; but if I should not, which 1 am unwilling to suppose for a Moment, possess their good Opinion, let me appeal to their Understanding, and a(k them, whether it is confident with Common Sense that a Person, who meant to take Money corruptly for his private Use, would lelect for his Agents the Company’s Public Officers, Men of established Characters, or endorse Ponds over to the Company which he meant for himself, or pay the Sums which he meant to appropriate to his own Ule into the Company’s Public Treasury?

The Sum which I accepted for the Company’s Use from the Nabob Vizier Asoph Dmclah (above Ten Lacks of Rupees) is so clearly dated, that I am only accountable, in the Opinion of my Accuser, for having received it at all, and for presuming to aik the Court of Directors to allow me to receive it from their Bounty, on Account of the Insufficiency of my own Fortune. — The Money I accepted for the Company, and I applied it faithfully to their Service — I had no corrupt Intered with the Court of Directors, I never fought to obtain a corrupt Intcred with them, but have always been anxious that the Court of Directors and the World at-large would determine on my Conduct from my Actions, not from my Professions. — I told them, with great Truth, that my private Fortune was inadequate to the Situation which I had so long filled in their Service, but I l'comed at all Times to increase it by improper or unjustifiable Means; and I am as ready as any Man to confess, that with a very little Attention to my own Concerns, I should at this Moment have possessed a Fo; tune far beyond my Wants, or my Wishes. This Honourable House will, I hope, pardon me for this Digression, the Subjecfc in some Degree has forced me into it. Let me only add, that, according to my Construction of the Regulating Act of 1773, I was left at Liberty to receive Money, provided it was to and for the sole Use of the Company; and that I never entertained a Thought of receiving it upon any other Terms, nor did I ever mean to appropriate a Rupee of the Sums so received to my own Use, without the Sanction of the East India Company, my Employers. Whatever Imperfections there may be in my Character, and I have many, yet no Man who knows me will suppose me capable of asserting an Untruth, or, which is in Fact the fame, of presenting a fall'e Account to this Honourable House, or to my old and indulgent Matters, the Proprietors of East India Stock.

Answer to the Ninth Charge.

Resignation.

In the Year 1776, Mr. Lauchlin afiuming

Powers with which I had not entrusted him, proposed to the Court of Directors certain Stipulations in my Name, which when communicated to me I refuted to ratify. Ten Years after', in the Year 1786, that Refusal is charged against me as a High Crime and Misdemeanor.. In the whole of this perplexed Affair I am less committed than any of the Parties who acted or concurred in it; yet I am exclusively prosecuted for its real or supposed Consequences. Mr. Macleane, who exceeded his Commission, is dead;

but I am not Inheritor to his Share of the imputed Culpability. The Committee of Directors who were appointed to inspect Mr. Macleas Powers; the Court of Directors, who acqui'efced in a divided Report from that Committee; His Majesty’s Ministers, who admitted the consequent Acts of the Court of Directors without Investigation, were all separately and jointly interested in the Event, and are all much more respon-fible than ntvself j the Court of Directors at least were under a Necessity of taking the eariieft Steps to resent the Insult and redress the Injury which it is urged they futtainedt and Min iftry were still more obliged to Action, from the higher Importance of their Offices. Both Parties had only to unite, and they could have forced me from the Chair I refused to reiign. So far from doing this, a Court of Directors, consisting of a Majority of the same Members, and a Ministry with the very same Leader at the Head of it (who had been Party to the Acceptance of Mr. Macleane % Offer, and a Party to the Disappointment on my Refusal) did, in the Year 1778, continue me in the Office I had so pertinaciously held, by a new Act of Parliament, and by a new Acquiescence in my Nomination. What Part therefore of the Offence incurred, or of the Injuries produced by this Affair, can with Propriety be imputed to me? Pmoers which the Possessor confessed he dared not shew, were admitted and acknowledged by those who never saw them; Powers which, if allowed to the Extent in which they are stated, would not entitle the Possessor to fee for the most trifling Sum in any Court of Law in Europe, were allowed to be a legal Warrant for the Resignation of 25*000l. per Annum, by those who would have indignantly refused to pay Five Pounds, if demanded, on the same Powers. And here too was a Matter far above the little ordinary Concerns of pecuniary Negociation, or the partial Powers of a common Agency. an Office, of the

first Importance in the whole Extent of our Empire, was to be bartered away with the flight and slovenly Informality of General Declarations. No Letter of Attorney, no authentic Instrument, no formal Credentials, fane-tioned by my Hand and Seal. — A mere Selection and Compilation from different Paragraphs of a Paper stated to be " Instructions to my Agent," is the whole Foundation of the Tranliiction. It was acknowledged by the Agent himself, that " the Powers with which he was " entrusted were mixed with other Matters, of a Nature extremely Confidential." Much of the Instructions therefore never was, nqr could be, nor was intended or expected to be, communicated. How could the Directors be certain that the Parts concealed did not contain a precise and positive Prohibition to my Agent of afiuming any such Powers? — It was pol-fible, and not improbable, at least their Vigilance would not have (lumbered lb remissly over the Chance of such a Circumstance, had the Demand been of a pecuniary Nature: But of Three Persons who were appointed Examining Proxies for the Directors on this Occasion, One, Mr. Richard , since deceased,

openly declared he conceived the pretended Powers to be no Powers at all. Here was a Warning, One would have thought, to the most indifferent Temper. Credulity itself would here have taken the Alarm to difeufs the Subject with more Accuracy and Acuteness. — What then did the Two remaining Members of this Committee report? " That having conferred with Mr. Macleane, they found that, from the Purport of

Mr. Hastings’s Instructions, contained in a Paper in " his own Hand Writing given to Mr. Macleane, and " produced by him to them, Mr. Hastings declared " he would not continue in the Government of " gal, unless certain Conditions therein specified " could be obtained, of which they (i. e. the Committee) saw no ProbabilityThat is, because a Committee, unknown to and unauthorized by me, saw no Probability of certain Events, I am made to declare I would not continue in the Government!!------

Surely the Committee’s Ideas of Probabilities were no

0 2 Rule

6 Geo. III. a°

Rule for my Conduct. What had an extraneous Committee’s Opinions to do with my private Declarations to my own Agent ? My Agent might have seen Probabilities, though the Committee saw none j — or there might have been Probabilities, though neither the Agent nor the Committee saw themor there might be a Poffibi-lity even against Probabilities — or that which I had declared to my own Agent I might chuse not to declare to any other; — or I might think such a Declaration (" mixed " with other Matters of a Nature extremely confidential," and conveyed in a Paper of to a Confidential Agent)equivalent to no Declaration at

all. On so important an Occasion nothing could constitute a Power, but a clear and formal Appointment, such as " I do hereby authorize and impmeer,

" Laucklin Mr Leone, in my Name, and on my j

to resign the Gox'crnment of Bengal," or Words to that Effect. Surely the Security of Possession is not less guaranteed by Law lor the Office of Governor General, than for the most trilling Part of our private Property. Add to this, I have myself furnished subsequent Proof that I had never the remotest Intention of empowering my Agent to resign in my Name. For between the Time of Mr. McLearns Departure from Bengal, and his Offer to resign my Government, I had repeatedly, thrice at least, signified in public, and recorded Letters to my Superiors, that no inducement should tempt me voluntarily to quit my Station until 1 saw an End to the Struggles in which 1 was then involved with the Council; that if I lived, I would lee the End of it. My Letters to this Purport are dated in March, April, and October 1775.

My Refusal to ratify the pretended Resignation took place on the 20th June 1777; and if I were warranted (which I have indisputably proved above) in that Refusal, all the consequent Events which happened in Bengal are to be imputed to any, or all of the Parties to the original Error and Inadvertency. But in the Year 1778, I was appointed to the Chair by a new Act Parliament: At that Time, therefore, my pretended Resignation was known to Parliament, and it muff have been understood to be a valid Act, or to be invalid. If valid. Parliament, and not I, were the Cause of Injury to General Clavering, by a Renewal of my Nomination: If invalid. Parliament, by the Sanction of a renewed Appointment, certainly acquitted me of having given such Powers to Mr. Mc Leane.

To the First Article of Accusation, therefore, I reply, that if Mr. McLeane had no Powers (and none are proved; on the contrary, I have proved that he had none) my Refusal was no Breach of Faith with the Court of Directors, and His Majesty’s Ministers. To the Second Article (" Disrespect to the Directors, and His Majesty")

I know not what to answer; for how much soever I may abhor the Thoughts of such Indecorum, I cannot conceive it to be any Part of an " impeachable High Crime and " Misdeameanor." If the Resignation were invalid, ab initio, as I have proved, my Refusal was no Injury to General Clavering, and if it were, I should luppole Personal Injury to have its Remedy at Common Law, not by Impeachment; and for the rest of that Clause it would be just as regular to arraign a Thunder Storm for the Damage it might have done to a Steeple, as to impeach me for the Injury an Act of mine " might have " been to Mr. JVheler.

But the last Consequences of my Refusal are, that it was an *' Act of signal Treachery to Mr.

" &c. and prejudicial to the Affairs of the Company’s " Servants in India!"

Treachery, not to adroit the Exercise of Powers I had not bestowed ! — Treachery, not to authenticate an Act performed without a Warrant, and operating most notoriously to mv Prejudice -Treachery. to set an You 41.

Example of Regularity, of Firmness, and of Preciiion, Mr. Hastings’ in One of the most important Concerns of Lite!!! — Answer to And how was it prejudicial to the Company’s Servants, or rather how could it be conceived possible, that a Charge founded on such same Premises, and closed with lb unaccountable, unprecife, and impotent a Conclusion,

should pass for serious ? as if it were, or can be, or ought to be, prejudicial to People in In that their Agents should hereafter be required to produce the Powers by which they act; — that all Parties should learn to be cautious in precluding the Possibility of Mifrepresentations and Misconceptions in Matters of Agency; and that an exemplary Check to this unwarrantable Assumption of never-delegating Powers, should prove a faintary Warning, and sure Preventive of future Prejudice to all concerned in mediatory Transactions.

Before I close this Article, I beg Ixave to refer to Two Letters of mine, One indeed before the House, addressed to the Court of Directors; the other not before the House, a Letter to the Chairman of that Court, which I fear was never communicated to those for whose Information and Conviction it was particularly intended.

It is dated 27th August 1777, the first. Occasion I had of writing Home on the Subject of my pretended Resignation; and its Authenticity I can fully prove from my original Letter Book, now ready to be produced. This Letter inclosed full Copies of all the lnstructions I had ever given to my private Agent, Mr. whom I

commissioned specially to unite with my other Friends, in procuring an Enlargement of my Authority, which as it then stood I had found insufficient for any good Purposes of Government, and which by a very late Act the Legislature has been plealed to deem insufficient all'o. It would have been very extraordinary had I furnished him with Powers to join my Enemies, and Co become the very Means of deposing me from that Station which it was the express and l’ole Purport of his Million to support and extend. Those Powers, therefore, which by a partial or imperfect Statement had been stretched to an indefinite and unwarrantable Extent, I wished by this Letter to have displayed to the Directors at large, as the most obvious and ready Proof of their specific Limitations. Why they were suppressed by the very Chairman, who afterwards joined in a Letter of Censure for my Suppression of them, I do not pretend to explain. Very unfortunately for me, I have not been able to find Copies of them at present, and conceive they must have been left in Bengal, with many other Papers which I did not imagine likely to be of public and immediate Importance. I profess myself to be very partially informed of the various Steps which led to my proposed Resignation in 1 1 am convinced Mr.

JMaclcane acted to the best of his Judgment; and if it were not an improper ltequest, I would desire to call upon a Noble Lord, who was at that Time the Minister, to state to this Honourable House every Circumstance of that Transaction.

Answer to the Thirteenth Charge.

Mr. Richard Sulivan’s Appointment.

Upon this Charge I shall not detain this Honourably House. Mr. Richard Sulivan accepted from the Nabo of the Carnatic, and from the Nabob’s Creditors, Commission to act for them in Bengal, and produced. Powers for that Purpose.

For Reasons which struck me as very forcible, ar>d without a Wilh wantonly or unneceffariiy to encroac*!^ upon the Rights of the Government of Fort St. Geot'g-

8 T I appointed

Mr. Mailings’ Answer to Charges against him.

714 2* Mali.A. 1786.

I appointed Mr. SuHvan the Minister of our Government at that Presidency. Of this Appointment the Court of Directors disapproved, and they dismissed Mr. Sulivan from their Service, for having accepted of his original Commission. Before I heard of his Dismission 1 proposed to appoint him our Ambassador at the Court of Nizam Ally Cawn. — What Part of this TransaXion is culpable, in so far as I am concerned in it, I know not, and I leave it to make its own Impression upon this Honourable House.

Answer to the Fourteenth Charge.

II ANNA OF GOHUD.

Introduction.

I mufi apologize to this Honourable House for the 'Length of my Defence upon this Article of the Charge. As it was a Charge of Breach of Faith in the Violation of a Public Treaty, which I have ever considered as a Crime of a most heinous Nature, as most pernicious in its Consequences, and therefore required the fulled; Refutation, I have been under the Necessity of entering into a connected and minute Detail of all the Occurrences of our Intercourse with the Ranah for that Purpose; and these will shew that his Part of the Alliance confided of a Series of unremitted Acts of the blacked Perfidy, and ours of as marked Forbearance.

This Charge, though comprised in the small Com pals of Two Pages, contains so many artful Misrepresentations of Facts, apparently authenticated by partial Quotations and perverted Truths, that it will be difficult to give them a clear Refutation, without entering fully into the Subject.

It is affirmed in the Charge, " that in the late War <c against the Marattas, the said Ranah of did

" actually join the British Army under Colonel Muir, " with Two Battalions of Infantry, and 1,200 Cavalry, " and did then serve in Perl'on against the Marattas, " thereby affording material Assistance, and rendering " essential Service to the Company." A Person inclined to Candour would have dated this Fact very differently: He would have said, that the Ranah of Gohud was bound by the 5th Article of his Treaty with the English to furnish 10,000 Horse; — that the Commanding Officer, Colonel Camac, repeatedly applied to him on Behalf of the English Government, and at lad could obtain no more than Two Battalions of Infantry, and 200 Horse; and that the Ranah himself did not join our Army until no Alternative was left him but that of either taking a decided Part in our Favour, or being declared an open Enemy; that this was not until Ten Months after our Army had entered the Maratta Country, and that he daid with our Army only a few Weeks, leaving it at a most critical Period before the Conclusion of Peace with the Marattas’, thereby not affording material Assistance, but causing essential Detriment to the Service of the Company.

In another Part of the Charge it is said, " that h® " the said Hastings, in the Indructions given by him " to M r. David Anderson, for his Conduct in negociating " the Treaty of Peace with the Marattas, expressed his " Determination to desert the Ranah of Gohud, in the " following Words: — You will of Course be attentive " to any Engagements subsisting betwixt us and other " Powers, in settling the Terms of Peace and Alliance with the Marattas: I except from this the " Ranah of Gohud; leave him to settle his own Affairs " with the Marattas." Who would not think from this

that I had wantonly; and without Reafen, deserted the Ranah of Gohud? Who would suppose that in deferring him I was justified by the dronged Reasons, and that these Reasons are recited in the very Middle of those Words, which, as they are quoted in the Charge, produce on the Mind the Effect of One connected Sentence ? The real Words of the InstruXions to Mr. Anderson are as follows: " You will of Course be " attentive to any Engagements subsisting betwixt us " and other Powers, in settling the Terms of Peace and " Alliance with the Marattas: I except from this " Precaution the Ranah of Gohud, who has been guilty " of the most flagrant Breach Faith towards us in " every Instance, after a most faithful and scrupulous " Performance of every Stipulation in his Favour by " us, and after we have saved him and his Country from " certain Destruction: Leave him to settle his own " Affairs with the Marattas." Here then are full and sufficient Reasons for my Conduct towards the Ranah. The Mind feels relieved from the Shock which it received, at the Idea of deferring without a Cause a Man whom njy Accuser would represent as a faithful and serviceable Ally. I appeal to the Candour and Justice of this House, if.it is fair, if it is honourable, to draw a Criminal Charge thus against me from my own Expressions, and yet to omit those Words, which, if admitted, are a full Jufrificarion of me. The only Doubt that can remain is regarding the Truth of the Reasons thus assigned: A few Words would not be sufficient to clear up this Matter. I trust, however, that this Honourable House will suspend their Judgment for a Moment; and I promise to remove every Doubt, by giving a full Account of the Ranab’s ConduX towards us, exhibiting a Series of Treachery and Perfidy which it is to be hoped cannot be paralleled in European History.

The Framer of the Charges against me then proceeds to observe, that " the said Anderson appears very " affiduoufiy to have fought for Grounds to justify the " Execution of this Part of his InstruXions; to which, " however, he was at all Events obliged to conform." If my Accuser had thought proper to quote the Sequel of the same Paragraph of the InstruXions, the House w'ould have seen, that Mr. Anderson was enjoined to obtain Intelligence regarding the Ranah’s Conduct; but not to seek for Grounds to justify the Execution of this Part of his InstruXions; and that he was at all Events obliged to conform to it; for he was to judge from that Intelligence, whether the Ranah was worthy of being any longer considered as the Ally of the English. The Words are these, and they immediately follow the preceding Quotation: " Colonel Muir will give " you complete Intelligence regarding the Ranah’s " Conduct; and from this you will judge whether he " is worthy of being any longer considered. as our " Ally."

But it is in vain to trace and point out all the Sub-tilties of this Charge. We might ultimately arrive at Truth by pursuing Fallacy through all its studied Mazes, and exposing it at every Turning to Detection; but how tedious, how intricate, and perplexing would be such a Pursuit! — The easiest and thorteft Way will be to quit it altogether, and to follow the plain and simple Path of Truth. And I trust that this Honourable House will not think I unneceffsrily consume their Time, whilst I submit to them, as fuccinXly as possible, a plain History of the TransaXions which have passed betwixt us and the Ranah of Gohud, from the Commencement of our Connexion down to the Period when his Treachery -and repeated Breach of Engagements rendered him unworthy of our further Protection.

On the ad December 1779 a Treaty was settled betwixt the English Government and the Ranah of Gohud, stipulating certain Conditions of Alliance,

chiefly

26 Geo. III. a° Matt. 715

chiefly relative to the Maratta State, which was at that and return to their own Country. One Month's Pay, Mr. Haftmga Time considered as the Enemy ot both. As the House in Part of the Arrears, was at length obtained; but as is in Possession of a Copy of this Treaty, I will not, the Ranah would not pay the Remainder, Captain Pop- ag^nidiim, unueceffarily, intrude upon their Time, by reciting the ham did not think himlclfauthorized to move without it; several Articles of it; but shall proceed immediately on he continued therefore in the Ranah’s Country; and my Narrative. although the Usage he had met with might have damped

At this Time the Marattas had possessed themselves of the Zeal of a less active Officer, he loft no Opportunity many of the Ranah’s Districts. Their Armies had laid of promoting the Welfare of our faithless Ally. The waste and plundered even the Environs of Ghode; and Rains had now set in, and the Difficulties of marching the Ranah, being incapable of opposing them, remained were very great; yet Captain Popham, with his little Army, ihut up in his Capital. In Consequence of the Treaty moved from Lohdr in Pursuit of the straggling Parties of he solicited our Assistance, and it was immediately Marattas, who still continued to infeft the Neighbour-given. In the Month of February 1780, Captain hood. In these Operations he was almost unsupported;

Popham, with a Body of English Troops, arrived at for the Ranah had returned to and not more

Ghode, and being joined by the Ranah’s Forces, very than 3 or 400 of his Troops remained with the English loon compelled the Marattas to abandon that Country. Army. By thp spirited Exertions of Captain Popham,

It was then thought advisable to carry the War into the Marattas were soon totally driven beyond the Con-the Maratta Territories; and the united Forces, after fines of the Ranah’s Dominions; still, however, they pof-

repeated Marches, crossed the River Sind, and arrived in the Cutckwagar Districts, where Captain Popham commenced his Operations, by laying Siege to Lohdr, which was reckoned the strongest of all the numerous Forts possessed by the Marattas in that Part of the Country. It was for some Time obstinately defended; at length, a practicable Breach being made, it was vigo-rously a (faulted, and carried, with the Loss of several English Officers, who fell in the Storm. On the Fall of Lohdr, all the rest of the Country soon

iubroitted to the English and the Ranah.

According to the 4th Article of the Treaty, it was settled, that whatever Countries should thus be conquered from the Marattas, a Valuation should be formed on the Receipts of the Ten preceding Years, and an Annual Tribute being settled as the Company’s Nine-Sixteenth Proportion of the Revenue, the Countries should be delivered over to the Ranah. Without waiting for the Form of such an Adjustment, Captain Popham, relying on the good Faith of our Ally, delivered up to him the Fort of Lohdr in Two Days after its Reduction, and permitted him to establish his Government throughout the Whole of the Cutckwagar Country. An Aumeen or Commissioner was afterwards appointed to form the Valuation; but so many Difficulties were thrown in his Way by the Ranah’s Officers, that it never could be effected; and though our Connection with the Ranah lasted for Two Years longer, and during all that Time he remained in quiet Possession of these Territories, he never accounted for any Part of the Revenue to the Company.

The 2d Article stipulated, that the Expence of the English Forces should be defrayed by the Ranah Monthly, at the Rate of 20,000 Rupees for each Battalion. Captain Popham was unwilling to make any Demand until some capital Service should have been personned by our Troops; he deferred it therefore till after the Reduction of Lohdr; and as the Battalions under his Command were something left in Number than the Company’s usual Establishments, be was instructed by the Governor General and Council to remit 20,000 Rupees per Month in our Claim; but the Generality of Captain Popham, and the Justice of the Government, were equally thrown away on the Ranah. The Service for which he had required our Troops was performed, and he thought that he no longer wanted our Assistance. He tiled every Evasion to avoid the Paymera t:; he pleaded Inability; be requested a Respite until the Harvest could be reaped; and when he found that Captain Popham was positive in demanding a Supply of Money for the Relief of his Troops, who were then greatly distressed, he peevilhly replied, that he would pay their Arrears, and that they might re-crols the Jumna, You 41.

fefifed tl»e Fort of Gudliar;and it was evident, that if it was suffered to remain in their Hands, they might renew their Depredations and Encroachments on the Ranah’s Territories, whenever he should be deprived of the Protection of the English Forces; and it was our Interest to weaken their Power, and divert their Operations.

This Fort had long been reckoned impregnable. The enterprizing Mind of the English Commanding Officer was not to be discouraged by any Difficulties: He formed the Idea of reducing it, and for this Purpose encamped at about 11 Miles Distance, at a Place called 11 appear.

The Ranah about this Time became more urgent than ever for the Return of the English Troops: But as he still evaded the Payment of their Subsidy, Captain Popham could not comply. He lbewed daily Signs of Discontent and Suspicion; Messages were constantly passing betwixt him and tire Maratta Officer in Gudliar; and it was generally reported that he would soon make Peace with the Marattas, and dilinifs the English Troops from his Territories. So manifest, in short, were the Signs of his Dilaffection, that Captain Popham could not trust him with his Plans. Gudliar was aflkiled on the 3d of August 1780, in the Dead of Night, and taken by a Manoeuvre which, for the Secrecy and Bold-ness of its Execution, equals any Thing to be met with in History. The Glory of this Enterprize was reserved for the English alone, as the Ranah was not informed of the Design, until he heard that, on the Morning of the 4th, the English Flag was displayed on the Walls *of the Fort.

The Reduction of this important Fortrcfs opened a new Source of Contention. Encouraged by the Eafi-ness with which we had delivered up our former Conquests, the Ranah claimed immediate Possession of it.

On the other Hand the English Government thought it necessary that this important Fortreft should remain in Possession of our Troops, as during the Continuance of the War with the Maratta State the Safety of the Acquk — lition might be hazarded, if it were left to be protectecA. by the Ranah’s. These were the Reasons set forth the Board, in their Letter to the Court of Directors o* the 26th August 1780. Additional Reasons were how- — ever suggested at different Times, which, though I do not give them as my Sentiments, for they were not min^sr, had their Influence on the Board iu continuing for four* «s Months to retain Possession of this Fort. It covered the Expedition which was at that Time projected, and afterwards carried into Execution under Colon (Jamac; it was the Key of Indostan: it opened a Communication to Malta-, it was a Pledge of the Ranald Fidelity; and One of the Members gave his Opinio*-, that " it ought to be kept to be made Ule of ir> " au Accommodation with the ;" and i,

Strict

Ikfr. FraneVs fwlinule, 261U

September

3

Mr. Hastings* Answer to Charges gainlt him.

2° Maiu . 1786.

StriXnels the Treaty between the Ranah and us did not expressly require that this Fort should be delivered over to him until the Conclusion of the Peace with the Ma-rattas. To quiet, however, as far as possible, the Apprehensions of the Ranah, I wrote to him a Letter containing the following Sentence (7th September 1780, 6th Rep. App* 291): " I now find that the Conduct of " Captain Popham has given you Apprehensions of the

Sincerity of our Intentions in this Point (the Delivery " of the Fort). The same is this, you yourself are well " acquainted with the Importance of this Place to us " both, during the present War with the Marattas; and " must be well convinced that the retaining Possession " of it is of the utmost Consequence in the future " Operations against our Enemies in that Quarter. I " mult therefore request that you will suffer it to remain " in our Poll'elfion till the final Conclusion of the present " War with the Marattas; declaring to you at the same Time, that as soon as Peace shall have taken " Place with them, the Fort of shall be delivered up into your Hands. It is yours, it is your " Right, nor has this Government any Idea of alienating it."

But these Assurances had no Effect on the Ranah. He withdrew from the English. He refused to pay the Arrears of the Subsidy, and openly exclaimed that the English, in retaining the Fort of Gualiar, had broken their Faith with him. The fear of Punishment however on the One Side, and his Hopes of some Time obtaining from us this Fort on the other, prevented him from taking a decided Part against us. These Motives obliged him to preserve some Appearances, whilst he inveighed against us, and deterred all the neighbouring Rajahs from uniting with us.

Afterwards, when Colonel Camac arrived at Ghode, and it was thought expedient to make a Diversion of the Maratta Forces, which were then opposed to General

Goddard in Guzzerat, by carrying the War into the Heart of Madqjee Scholia's Country, Application was made to the Ranah to furnish 10,000 Horse agreeably to the 5th Article of the Treaty. For some Time he endeavoured to amuse the Colonel with Promises; and at last, with great ReluXance, he sent with our Army Two wretched Battalions of Infantry, and leis than 200 Horse, and these were, in FaX, rather an Encumbrance than an Aid, for the Colonel was obliged to subsist them wkh Money from the Company’s Chest; and he has often been heard to express Apprehensions (which he affirmed were too well founded) of their deferring to the Enemy.

The Rajah of Nancar, and every Chief who had Gorrespondence with us, were loud in their Exclamations against the Treachery of the Ranah’s ConduX towards the English; — they afi’erted, that he was treating with Scindia for his Safety, by deferring us, and that he made a Merit with that Prince of his evading to join Colonel Camac. To this Period all the minuter Parts of the preceding Detail, which are inserted to form the Connexion, and all the FaXs which do not appear on our own Records, are extraXed from a Protest which was prepared by Colonel Camac against the Ranah, but which Considerations of Policy prevented him from delivering.

Such were the Disadvantages under which Colonel Camac marched into the Maratta Country. The great Object of the Expedition was indeed accomplished, in drawing Mahajee Sindia from the Guzerat Provinces, where he had long powerfully opposed General Goddard, and obliged him to attend to the Safety of his own Dominions. But the Event had almost proved fatal to our Army, for when it had reached Seronge the Colonel

found himself harassed on all Sides by Parties of the Enemy, his Provisions were intercepted, and the Princes whom he expeXed to join him all stood aloof.

In this Situation, when the Army was reduced to great Distress for Provisions, it was determined to return towards the Ranah’s Country, and Lettefs were dispatch to the Commander in Chief, desiring that the Troops then Rationed at Puttyghur, under the Command of Colonel Muir, might be lent to support them.

The Futtyghur Detachment was accordingly sent, and arrived at Ghode on the 29th March 1781, where Colonel Muir received Intelligence of Colonel Camac s having surprized Sindia's Camp, near Colarcs, on the 24th of the same Month, and of his having put the Maratta Army to Flight, and taken several Guns and Elephants, and a Quantity of Ammunition. In the Letter which I received from the Colonel, dated 29th March 1781, on this Occasion, there is the following remarkable Paragraph.

"My Accounts from Sippery further mention, that " Letters have been intercepted from the Ranah to " Sindia, wherein the Ranah congratulates him on the " Successes which have attended all his late Schemes in " distressing the English Army, and warmly recommends " Sindia's marching Part of his Army into his Country, " with Assurances of not only joining him with all his " own Force, but that all the Rajahs and Chiefs around " are ready to follow the Fortune of Sindia; and indeed " I must confess that the Whole of the Ranah’s ConduX " for some Time past has been such as to give some " Grounds for crediting this Report; and without defeending to Particulars, of which you must have long " (ince Information, I shall only beg Leave to observe, " that ever since I have entered his Country it has been " with Difficulty I have procured a Sufficiency of Provisions to answer the Daily Consumption in my Camp, " although the greatest Encouragement has been published throughout the Country, nor has the Value of " a Rupee been taken without paying for it; and all " this I have the most positive Proof has been owing to

" Prohibitions published by our supposed Ally the llanah. " To this Treatment, where we add his late Evasions " and Non-compliance to every Requisition by Captain " Palmei' to march to Camas Assistance — these are " Circumstances, which if not absolute Proofs of his " DilaffeXion, they are at least strong Indications to " suspex him; how far Colonel s recent Succefe,

" and my entering this Country with so formidable a " Force, may operate on him to take a decisive Part, " a very few Days must now determine."

Colonel Muir did not arrive at Autry till the 4th of April, the many Disappointments he met with in procuring Cattle to bring Supplies of Grain had delayed his Progress; and having had no Assistance from the Ranah, the Difficulties he experienced were beyond Conception. Every Persuasion in his Power was used, but to no Purpose, for the Ranah (till kept aloof, and his Example deterred any of the neighbouring Princes from espousing our Cause.

About this Time a Measure was adopted by the Council of Fort William (then reduced to Two Members, myself and Mr. Wheler) which ought to have diffi-pated all the Ranah’s Suspicions, and rivetted him to our Alliance for ever.

An Order was issued, on the 2d of April, for delivering up to him the Fort of Gualiar.

Whilst this Fort was kept in our Hands I could make every Allowance for the Suspicions and even the DisaffeXion shewn towards us by our Ally: But if any Thing could be offered in Extenuation of his ConduX, previous to the Delivery of it, what shall

we

2 6 Geo. III. a" Mail.

717

we say if we find him afterwards uniformly pursuing a System of Fraud and Treachery?

Colonel Muir, on the 30th May 1781, wrote to me from Jomgery, as follows: " Immediately on my having

" received Advice of the Rana’s being in Possession of " Gualior, I addressed him agreeable to the Board’s

" Instructions, Copy of which, with his Answers, and " Translations of each> I now do myself the Pleasure " to enclose you. So very evasive and unsatisfactory a " Reply had determined me to protest against him without further Delay; but just as it was ready for Dispatch I received such Information from a Gentleman " of my Family, whom I sent lbme Time ago to reside " with the Rana (with Instructions to keep a watchful " Guard over his Conduct) as inclined me to suspend " my Protest for a few Days, and give him an Opportunity of reflecting on the Consequences that he had " to expect, should my Operations be procrastinated " through any Delay on his Part. I am further induced " to postpone pushing him to Extremity, as I had received Advice of a Quantity of Grain having been " purchased and ready to be dispatched from different " Parts of his Country; and as this Supply must arrive " in a few Days, I shall, until then, deter my Protest, " which I however still hope his Conduct will render " unnecessary. Report fays, the Rana is collecting his " Forces; and he has declared to lieutenant Gotoan u (now with him) that by the Expiration of the 12 Days " (mentioned in my Letter to him) he will join me with " 3.000 Horse, and Battalions of his Infantry. The " Sincerity of these Assurances a few Days will determine. I cannot pretend to declare any fixed Opinion " of the Rana’s Sentiments. His Conduct must now "be the only Criterion to judge by; and it affords me a " most sincere Satisfaction, when I reflect that I must, " in a few Days, put him to the ultimate Test; w'hen he must prove himself a faithful Ally, or I must " declare him an open Enemy to the Company, whole 4t Troops have suffered more than I wish to mention by " his evasive treacherous Conduct. I am. Sic."

The Ranah still persisted in his Evasions. At length, on the 13th June, the Colonel drew out the following Protest, a Copy of which he communicated to the Governor General and Council, in his Letter of the 2 oth July 1781. Both the Letter and Protest are before the House; but as the lattefr contains several important Facts,

I will beg permission to read it.

" Memorial of Colonel Muir, Mubarig ul Mulluck Iftikkar ul Dowlah Behudur, on the Proceedings of the Maharajah Rana Chuttur Sing, Luckhindie Del-

leer Jung Behudur.

" Whereas in the Month of December of the Christian iEra One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and of the Higera in the Month of Zecada, One thousand One hundred and Ninety-three, the contracting Parties, that is to say, the said Maharajah Rana on his Part, and the Governor General and Council on the Part of the English Company, did conclude and ratify, sign axtd seal, a perpetual and firm Treaty of Alliance and Frierxd-fljip between each other, and in Conformity to wixich the English Gentlemen have in every Respect fulfilled their Engagements and Promiles to the Maharajah Rana :And whereas the Maharajah Rana has failed in many Points agreed upon, such as in being dilatory ^nd neglectful in the Payment of Seventy thousand Rupees, Month by Month, for each of the Company’s Battalions sent to his Assistance, according to the 2d Article of the Treaty; in withholding the Share of the English in the Revenues of the Cutchoowergar, as prescribed in the

4th Article of the Treaty; in corresponding with the Mr. Haft mgs’ Marattas without Communication to the English; and Answer to furthermore, in being inattentive in regard to the sup- c,1"r*e?. plying of Colonel Muir's Army with Grain in their a8*IU im’ March through his Country, and in many other Acts of Insincerity, it is become necessary to make known to the Princes of Hindostan the Defection of the said Maharajah Rana, and the Good Faith of the English Nation, to the End that an Infraction of the Treaty may not in anywise be imputed to the Governor General and Council, or they be supposed to have deviated from the strictest Justice.

" But whereas principally it was stipulated and contracted for by the Maharajah Ram, in the 5th Article of the Treaty, that whenever the War between the English and Marattas should be carried into the Marattas Country, he should on Requisition fumish Ten thousand Cavalry at his own Expence, towards their Assistance; yet though this Force was frequently and urgently required during the Command of Colonel the Maharajah Rana pleaded his not being in Possession of the Fortress of Gualior, in Excuse for his Non-compliance. Now though Gualior had been taken solely by the Valour and Conduct of the English Arms, without any Military Aid whatever from the Maharajah Ram, and though the immediate Surrender of the Fortress was not enjoined by the Treaty, yet the English Gentlemen, solely to evince an extraordinary Regard to public Faith, gave up the Fortress, with all its Cannon and Stores, to the Maharajah Ram.

" Moreover, the Maharajah Rana, after beiflg invested with the Possession of the said Fortress, repeatedly promised to join the English Army, but being urged to fulfil those Engagements, he still evaded their Execution on the most frivolous Pretences. Finally, whereas the Maharajah Rana wrote us a Letter in these express Terms, on the Sixteenth of Zemmadi ul Sany, " I will " join the English Camp;" — and even from his Promise has also swerved; it cannot but be manifest, that the Maharajah Ram has not performed in anywise his Part of the Treaty, and that he is totally disinclined from assisting the English.

" It is on all these Considerations become incumbent upon me, who command the English Army now on Service against the Marattas, in the Dominions of the Maharajah Mihieput Sing Tughinda Bahadur, the Rajah of Nurwa, to publish, in my own Name, this written Memorial and Protest, on Account of the Violation of the Treaty. — Be it therefore known to all the Princes and Nobles of Hindostan, to High and to Low, and to the whole World, that, compelled by Necessity, and by these Breaches of the Treaty, I from this Day suspend. all Intercourse whatever with the Maharajah Rana, either by Letter or Embassy, until the Pleasure of the Governor General and Council on these Pretnifes shall be under-flood.

" Given at the English Camp, near the Village o' Dotigree, the 20th Jemmadi ul Sani, A. H. 1195, or t_%*e 13th of June of the Christian iEra 1781.

(Signed) G. MT-

(Signed) Thomas Ford,

Persian Interpreter."

This Protest was sent to lieutenant George Goocvzafy who acted at that Time as the Colonel’s Agent with Rana; but as the Colonel was desirous of still gi v*r>0 the Rana an Opportunity of preventing a total Sepa.r^<' ti«n, it appears that the following Instructions were with the Protest to Lieutenant Gowan.

8 U " ~To

7i8

a* Mali.

A. 1786.

Mr. Hastings’ Answer to Charges tgaiiilt him.

To Lieutenant G# ig« Goman, 8$c. 14th June.

" Sir,

" I have it in Command from Colonel Muir, to transmit you a Protelt in the Persian Language, that agreeable to the Orders of the Governor General and Council, and from the Rana’s ill-judged Conduct, he has been obliged to prepare against the Proceedings of that Prince; accompanying also I fend you a true Translation of that Paper.

" It is the Colonel’s Pleasure, that immediately upon the Receipt of them you do wait upon the Maharajah Ram, and inform him of your having them in your Possession, and of these consequent lnftruClions, to which you are invariably to conform.

" After this Elucidation, you will please to require from him a written Engagement, under his Seal and Signature, to join on a certain specific Day (not to exceed the Tenth from your Receipt of this Letter) the Army under the Command of Colonel ,agreeably to the Spirit and Meaning of the 5th Article of the Treaty with the Honourable Company, or with such Force and Supplies of Provisions, as he can possibly by that Period collect for the Service.

" But should the Maharajah Rana, under any Pretext or Evasion whatsoever, decline or refuse to enter into this Agreement; or after having entered into it as before specified, neglect or be dilatory in its Performance, it is the Cdlonel’s positive Order, in such Case, that you do instantly and in Form, deliver to him the Persian Protest, and yourself repair to this Camp without Loss of Time.

I am, Sir, 8§c.

(Signed) T. F."

I am not in Possession of the Letters which were written by Lieutenant Gowan to the Colonel, and I do not recollect the Excuses which the Rana made for deferring to comply with the Colonel’s Requisitions. I find however, that nothing was produced by these Requisitions, and that Colonel Muir afterwards deputed Captain Ford, to whom it appears he wrote the following Letters, under Date the 17th and 21st July.

To Captain Thomas Ford.

Sir,

" 1 have the Pleasure of your’s of Yesterday: With respect to the Conditions held out by the Rana, they are so very absurd, that any Reply becomes almost unneceffery: He say* he will join upon no other Terms than upon my engaging to fomiffi his Troops with Provisions. Surely this is a. Requisition you ought have taken upon you to have given the most positive Reply to The Rana cannot surely have the AiTurance of making my Inability of supplying him a Plea for his Non-compliance with the Article of the Treaty which respecta this Expedition. I request you will fully explain (what he is perfectly acquainted with) to the Rana, the Difficulties I experience daily in procuring Grain for my own Troops, and how impracticable I find it to save the lead Overplus to lay up as a Magazine; of course the Impropriety of my entering into an Engagement to supply him with what I plainly perceived the Impossibility of my fulfilling. You will also remind the Rana of the Expectations of our Government, regarding his supplying my Detachment with Provisions, my perfect Knowledge of the positive Proofs of his Country abounding in Grain, and that his Exertions were and are only wanted, to adopt such Measures as would encourage the and

to proceed to my Camp with Alacrity and Satisfaction to themselves.

" The Rana, from your Letter* seems to with me to understand, that my Answer to his very positive Requisition is to determine him in the Measures he is under the Necessity to adopt without Delay; it therefore behoves me to authorize you to acquaint him, that notwithstanding the Board's Instructions to me, directing me to demand his Assistance reflecting Supplies, I am ready to forego every Demand on him of that Nature, and will, as I have hitherto done, endeavour to supply myself, as he must his Troops, without any Promise of Assistance from me.

" After having delivered yourself as above to the Rana, you will, as if by my Request, particularly caution him, and point out to him how much the Governor has already been disappointed in his Expectations — how much foe Service has been retarded by his most unaccountable Conduct. Remark that the present is a most critical Juncture, and that the lead Abatement in our expected Assistance from him cannot fail of making him obnoxious to a Government who have suffered themselves to be too long amused by his evasive Promises.

I am, Sir,

Sissai, Your obedient Servant,

17th July 1781. (Signed) G. Muir."

Extracts of a Letter from Colonel Muir to Captain Thomas Ford; dated S21st July 1781.

" I have the Pleasure of your Letter of Yesterday, covering one from foe Rana. I am fbrry to observe that the Arguments you have urged to stimulate him to a Performance of his Engagements have not been attended with Success; and, as I am perfectly convinced he wants Inclination (and not foe Power) to fulfil every Article required of him, I can consider his present Pretences to foe contrary in no other Light than a fresh Proof of what I have long suspected, viz. a determined Resolution in him, not only to fail In fulfilling every essential Assistance expected from him as an Ally, but even to throw Obstructions in the Way of the Supplies coming to the Army. You will be pleased to desire the Rana to recur to his Engagements, as stipulated in the Treaty; his most focred Promises of Assistance to the Governor, and to me, since his being put in Possession of Gualior; and the Length of Time he has had to prepare and equip an Army, in every Respect adequate to that,. I have repeatedly pointed out to him: After which you will recommend him to his cool Reflections, and then let him account to our Government for his Conduct.

" Upon foe Whole, you will be pleased to inform the Rana, that so fully convinced as I am of his Ability to fulfil every Engagement, and afford every Assistance required of him, I cannot of course any longer admit of such vague Excuses as he has all along held out as Pleas for his Delay. His last Demand of Assistance from me to supply his Troops with Provisions (as the only Condition upon which he would join) is fb positive a Proof of his Infidelity, that so far from deferring any serious Reply, I ought, in Justice to myself, not to have hefi-tated in obeying the Orders of Government, by immediately protesting against him for Infraction of foe Treaty.

" From what is above set forth, you will be guided in every Respect as to what I shall consider vague and frivolous Excuses; you will in consequence acquaint the Rana, that I am determined not to suffer myself to be any longer amused with his evasive Promises and unaccountable Delays, by vfoich the public Service has already sustained m'>re Injury than it'

would

26 Geo. III.

would have done by an early pofithre Refuted on his Part.

" Should you fee no Probability of effecting a favourable Change in the Rana's Conduct, I desire you will inform him, that I shall without delay protest, agreeably to my Instructions, and refer him to the Council; after which you will proceed to join me at your Conveniency."

These are the only Letters betwixt Colonel and Captain Ford which have come into my Hands, and these are surely enough to shew that the Rana (till evaded to fulfil the Terms of his Treaty, and that the Excuses he assigned were frivolous and insufficient

During the important Period which was thus wasted in endeavouring to persuade our faithless Ally to a Sense of his Duty, Colonel Muir bad joined the Troops commanded by Colonel Canute, and was laying with the united Army at Sissai, a Place situated in the Dominions, several Days Journey beyond the Frontiers of the Rana’s Country.

His Troops were suffering great Hardships from Sickness and Want of Provisions. The main Body of the Enemy, under Mahqjee was lying very

close to them, and Parties of Horse were hovering about, harraffing his Camp, and intercepting his Supplies.

It appears that the Rana, being reduced to the Alternative of either joining the Colonel or relinquishing our Alliance, did at Taft join about the Beginning of August, but with a Body of Troops very inferior to what be bad stipulated, and very unequal to the Performance of any Service, being only 2 Battalions of Infantry, and 1,200 Cavalry.

About this Time Overtures were made by the Afa-

ratias for commencing a Negotiation for Peace. They were made through the Rana, and the Colonel thought it adviseable to encourage them: Accordingly, on the 16th August, Chimnagee Row, the Maratta Envoy, arrived in the Rana’s Camp, where he had a Conference with Captain Fowho afterwards introduced him to Colonel Muir. In the mean Time the Colonel applied to me for Instructions and Powers to treat: These were immediately lent to him; and on the 13th October, a Treaty was finally concluded betwixt the Colonel and Mahaje Sindia, io which the Colonel, agreeable to the Instructions I had lent him, particularly included the Ranab, stipulating, that the fort of Gualior (kould be preserved to him, and that the Country, taken Possession of by the English from the Maratias, on the South Side of the Jumna, should be restored, or, in other Words, that the Ranah should retain the Acquisitions which he possessed without our Participation, and that all those in which we held a Share should be given up. Having thu9, in Spite of all the Evils which had arisen from the Ra-nah’s Infidelity, adhered on our Parts to every Article off our Agreement, and attended to his Interests even to the very Condufion of Peace, let us fee how the Rttoah oonduCked himself in this last Scene. — The following is a Copy of a Letter which 1 received from Colonel Muir:

C ttpfe# a Letter from Colonel Muir to the Governor

General.

"Dear Sir, 6th 1781.

" I baive the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of the Original and Duplicate of your Letter of the 10th Ultimo, with the several Papers that accompanied them. The Anftrer which I had given to Sein-dia's Proposals coincided almost exactly and verbatim with your own Sentiments on this Occasion, and would very probably have effected an earlier Termination of

719

the Business, had not a Discovery been made, during Mr. Hatting* the Course of the Negociation, of an Incident that Answer to might have produced embarrassing Consequences, had Charges not our Honour been held in higher Estimation than afiaiolt "lin’ that of its Machinator. — Chinmajee Raw being pressed to admit the Ranah as a Party in the Treaty, objected to the Proposition, and upon our Importunity, urged the Impropriety of the Demand, declaring openly, that the Ranah had made a separate written Engagement with Scindia, by which the Whole of his Pof-sessions were secured to him. — This clandestine Transaction was even carried on in our own Camp during the Ranah’s last Visit here; immediately after which he withdrew to Gualior, prpmifing to return in Fifteen Days; which he has not only evaded ever fmee, but remanded his Army, and on the Whole appears totally unconcerned as to our Affairs. notwithstanding these Insults, I have prevailed upon Scinds Agents that his present Dominions shall be guaranteed by the Treaty, specifically including the Fortress of Gualior. — It will not however be uninteresting to you to be informed, that notwithstanding the unfair Precautions taken by the Ranah, the Marattas themselves seem greatly dissatisfied with his Conduct, and Chimnajee gives me feme Encouragement to expect, that a Copy of his Treaty shall be delivered to me; a Point which I have much at Heart to gain, and which is evidently of the highest Importance.

" The Treaty is at last fairly made out, and is this Day transmitted to Scindia for his Approbation: Tomorrow it will be returned, and, if approved, Captain Ford will be dispatched to his Camp to fee his Signature and Seal affixed; after which Interview, I shall be able to write you fully on every Point of the important Charge entrusted to my Management.

" I cannot conclude this Letter, without expressing the most hearty Satisfaction at the very eminent Success which has attended your Measures for the Reduction of the Benares Zemindarry. The Execution of them has done signal Honour to our Arms, and will most probably for ever secure this Country, and every other under our Protection, from being again made the Dupe of Faction and Ambition. — I beg Leave to present you my warmest Congratulations on the Occasion, and to allure you of the perfect Respect and Esteem, with which I am, 8$c.

" (Signed) G. Muir."

Colonel Muir afterwards procured a Copy of the Agreement granted by Scindia to the Ranah, which he transmitted to me, under the Attestation of Etui,

one of the Maratta Chiefs, who bore Rank in the Army next to Scindia himself, and who had been chiefly employed in negociating and settling the Whole of the Business.

A Translation of this Infirument is in Possession of the Honourable House: I will not therefore further trespafa on their Time, than to remark, that it is of a Nature, altogether inconsistent with the Faith which was due to us by the Ranah, and that there is one Article in it iara particular, where he endeavours to restrain the Marattex^s from making Peace with the Europeans, meaning the rcs. — by undoubtedly the English Nation, with whom th^^y were then at War, and whom he was bound to assist tas their Ally. So glaring an Act of Treachery renders the Ranah unworthy of our further Protection.

In the Treaty which Colonel Muir had copcltid g^rl| with MahajeeScindia, an Opening was by my Defxa-^;

left for a general Pacification with all the Mara^^-^-t. Bowers; and as I was desirous of effecting an Obje€^-y which the Situation of our Affairs both in India in Europe rendered fb desireable, I deputed Mr.

derson, who was at that Time with me at Benares, with full Powers to negociate on Behalf of the English Gex — vernment; and in the Instructions which I gave liian

o.i

2° Mail.

Mr. Mailings’ Answtr to Charges against him.

720 2° Mail. . 1786.

on his Departure, I inserted the Paragraph which I have before quoted, viz. " You will of course be attentive to '* any Engagements subsisting between us and other " Powers, in settling the Terms of Peace and Alliance " with the Marattas-, I except from this Precaution

" the Ranah of Gohud, who has been guilty of the most flagrant Breach of Faith towards us in every Instance, " after a most faithful and scrupulous Performance of " every Stipulation in his Favour by us, and after we " have laved him and his Country from certain Deltruction: Leave him to settle his own Affairs with the " Marattas. Colonel Muir will give you complete Intelligence regarding the Ranah’s CondpCt, and from this you will judge whether he is worthy of being any " longer considered as our Ally."

Mr. Anderson accordingly held several Conferences with Colonel Muir in his Camp at Etaya, and received from him full Information of the Treachery of the Ranah, and of the many Instances in which he had violated his Engagements with the English. — He pursued his Enquiries, after his Arrival in the Maratta Camp, on the only Point which could not be incontrovertibly proved from Colonel Muir's own Know'-ledge, namely, the separate Agreement settled between the Ranah and the Marattasand he communicated the Result to me, in a Letter dated the 29th January 1782. The Letter is long, and is already before the House; but as it contains material Information, I will beg Per* million to read it.

" Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, the 18th February 1782.

" Dear Sir,

" Enclosed, I have the Honour to fend you a Duplicate of my Letter of the 26th Instant.

" I shall in this Letter give you as full an Account as I have been able to procure, of the present Disputes betwixt the Marattas and the Ranah of Ghode. — The Claims of the Marattas are as follow:

" ill. They claim a Right to the Restitution of C -utchuagar, the Territory which was conquered from them by the united Forces of the Ranah and the English, and which, according to the Treaty of Colonel Muir, should have been restored to the Marattas.

Bow Bucksey was sent with a Body of Troops to collect the Revenue of it, and in Ibme Parts his Aumils have been established, but the principal Forts have, however, continued in the Pofiession of the Ranah. The Marattas demand, therefore, either the entire Surrender of these Forts, or a fixed Revenue, at the Rate of

5,04,000 per Annum.

" 2d. A Tribute on Account of the Difirict of Binde. It appears that this Claim is derived from the Time when that Country was in the Pofiession of the Marattas. It was taken from them by the late Vizier Sujah ul Dowlah, when he reduced the Countries on this Side of the Jamnah, as far as Janseyand, at the Request of the Ranah, it was given by the Vizier to Buhl Sing, Rajah of Badour. It was afterwards taken from him by Asoph ul Dowlah, and given to Himmut Bahader. Again it fell into the Pofiession of Buht Sing; when Himmut alarmed at the

Deligns of Mocktur ul Doulahfled to Nudzif Catbn, at Delhy. This Claim, therefore, is in Fa6t not against the Ranah, but against Buht Sing, who still retains Pofi-session of the District of Binde. But the Ranah has drawn it upon himself, by afiuming the Patronage of Buht Sing, and the Management of ms political Interests, and declaring be will Hand forth in his Defence.

" 3d. Five Mehals of Sukerwary, which of old belonged to Nurwar and Gualier. They were afterwards

conquered by the Marattas, and annexed to Cudeir under Eetit Row. Some Years ago they were reduced by the Ranah. The Marattas are desirous of recovering these Five Mehauls, though I am not lure if they have yet formally demanded them from the Ranah.

" These Claims have for Ibme Time pall given Rife to a Variety of Difeuffions; and on my Arrival in Camp,

I found that there was a Negociation on Foot betwixt Scindia and the Ranah, which was conduced on the Part of the latter by Hir Pirrshaad, Moonlhey of Slwajee Eetul. The Ranah, it is said, claimed the Cutchwagar Country, agreeable to the separate Treaty which he had made with the Marattas; but the Difficulty lay in settling the Annual Revenue. For the present Year, in particular, the Ranah claimed large Deductions on Account of the Depredations and Collections made by Bow Bucksey. To the Second Claim also the Ranah was willing to agree, but he claimed a Deduction on Account of the Difiricts of Mahguwan, 8$c.; which, though they had formerly belonged to Bend, had for many Years past been annexed to his own Possessions. For Ibme Days there remained a Prospect of an Accommodation, till Scindia thought it expedient to accelerate the Negociation, by letting loose his Pindarries on the Ranah’s Country.

Both Parties then applied to me, as the Repre-fentative of the English Government. The Ranah complained generally of the bad Faith of the Marattas, and the Intentions which they had formed of deviating from the Terms of their Agreements respecting him, as stipulated in the Treaty of Colonel Muir. applied more particularly: He sent a Message to me by Bow Bucksey, representing that Disputes had arisen betwixt him and the Ranah; that he had in vain endea voured to settle them by amicable Means. He had now advanced to the Borders of the Ranah’s Country, but could not proceed farther until he had asked my Advice, as Representative of the English Government, left his Conduct might occasion Disputes betwixt him and the English, which he was extremely desirous of avoiding.

" The Answer which I must ultimately give to these Applications was clearly pointed out in my Instructions, but several Reasons induced me to defer giving any Answer whatsoever for a few Days.

" During my Stay at Etaya, Colonel Muir complained much of the Conduct of the Ranah. He accused him of not marching in Time, or with a sufficient Body of Troops, to his Support; of neglecting to use his Endeavours to procure Supplies of Grain for the Army; and of clandestinely negociating and concluding a separate Treaty with the Marattas, contrary to the Interests of the English. The Two former of these Charges depend on Facts that come within the immediate Knowledge of the Colonel, and however the Ranah may attempt to justify or extenuate them, their Reality cannot be doubted; I have therefore confined myself in my Enquiries to the left Charge. The Ranah, on finding that he was fuf-pected of having entered into separate Engagements with Sindia, justified himself by saying, that he had Colonel Muir's Permission in Writing for so doing. Having desired to fee a Copy of the Colonel’s Permission, and also of the Agreement entered into by him and the Marattas on both Sides, he sent me the Copy of a Letter, said to have been written to him by Colonel Muir, under Date the 27th August 1781, of which the following is a Translation — " You may afford every Degree of Assistance to that in

" the Manner that I have stipulated 18 Days on the " Subject of Peace, I am hopeful that it will certainly take Place in that Period according to what I have* " written: Assure him also that in that Space of — will " make no Attack, nor commit no Kind of Hostilides,'

i6 Geo. III. a0 Mali. 721

*« on Condition that none are committed by the oppo- were written, either marking his Approbation, tir ex- Mr. Hastings’

" site Party: You must also obtain some Assurance pressing the Alterations or Conditions which he thought £har

*' on this Head from them; and if the Pattele pleases, necessary; and that loon after the Negociation took place agakJ*him.

let Writings be mutually given on this Subject: Also with Colonel Muir.

" in this Space no Troops will march across the "It appeared from this Representation, that no Jemna." Agreement whatever had been executed by the Ranah;

The Ranah said, that he could not fend the Two other and on my expressing my Surprize at the seeming Incon-

Papers as required, left they might be intercepted bn fiftency of this Circumstance, it was observed, that the

the Road; afterwards, on my appearing still unsatisfied. Articles of Agreement were all in Favour of th# Ranah,

he sent me the Copy of a Letter which he wrote to and that Sindia being much superior to the Ranah, and

Sindiain Consequence of the above Permission, the requiring nothing from him, did not think it necessary

Translation of it is as follows: — " Chimnajee formerly to exact any Writing — The only Proof which Bony

went from this, and will inform you of all the Par- Buchey could bring me of the Reality of the Agreement, " ticulars of Peace and Friend ship betwixt you and the were,

xt English: In 18 Day* Peace will be established be- " lft- A Paper not signed or sealed, but said to be " tween you and the English, and if any Deviation the original Paper of Articles sent by the Ranah: A

" should take Place in what has been settled, I w ill join Translation of these Articles, and the Answers, accom-

" with you. Dated Badoon Sood Khyass, Sumbet 1838." panies tins Letter. It corresponds with the Paper formerly This Letter was written, he said, to prevent the Marattas sent by Colonel Muir in every Thing, but the Arrange-from breaking up the Conference: He maintained that ment of the Articles and Answers; a Difference which

he had executed no other Engagement whatever, and may be easily Accounted for, from the cross Manner in

desired that if Sindia alledged the contrary, he might be which it was written.

required to produce it ' " 2d. An original Letter from the Ranah to Bow

" Having obtained so little Infight into the real Buckse dated Cuttach in which he com-Condu6t of the Ranah throueh this Channel, I resolved plains of the Bow for entering the District of Cutch-to try what I could procure through the Means of the wagar contrary -to the Agreement which had passed Marattas; and I was the more inclined to make an betwixt him and through the Mediation of

Enquiry of this Kind, because I must in the End decline Ectul.

any Interference in their Disputes; and as this must " These were all the written Proofs that the Marattas appear a Concession to them, I was desirous that it could produce to me. They alledged, that the Nature should not be considered as the Effect of a temporary of the Agreement, which was executed only on One Policy, or of too cafy a Disposition in us, but as the Side, could not admit of more; and that a considerable Result of well-grounded Suspicions, or perhaps a clear Difficulty had arisen in clearing up the Matter by cir-Detection of the Perfidy of our late Ally, which no longer cumftantial Evidence, as the Negociation had been made it necessary for us to afiert his Rights. managed by Stwajee Ectul, and the Servants Chimnajee

" Accordingly, when I received Sindia's Message, and who had since espoused the Ranah’s Cause,

I replied, that the Disputes which were going on between and were on that Account at some Degree of Variance him and the Ranah could not have escaped my Ears; with Sindia- Though these Proofs fall short of what but that I had hitherto paid no Attention to them, and might have been expected, I have scarcely a Doubt in might never have appeared to know any Thing of them, my own Mind that a Negociation took place between if he had not first broached the Subject. That, con- the Ranah and the Marattas, previous to the Treaty fidering the Ranah as one who was connected in Al- of Colonel; and I even believe that he received & hance with the Company, it might have been my Duty separate Agreement from Sindia, though it is plain that to assert his Rights, according to the Treaty of Colonel a Counterpart was not executed by him. It seems pro-Muir, but that some Suspicions which were entertained bable that Sindia’s Distresses led him haftity to grant this of his Faith had induced me to remain Silent; that Suf- Agreement; and that a Prospect opening soon after of picions alone, however, could not be opposed to solemn a Peace with the Colonel, he entered as hastily into it,

Treaties; and as these Suspicions were founded on Trans- without concluding effectually his Measures with the actions said to have passed betwixt the Marattas previous Ranah, satisfied perhaps with only that Letter, winch to the Treaty of Colonel Muir, they only could know the Ranah himself acknowledges to have written to him, with Certainty how far they were just or not; and that and which is quoted in the Course of this Address.

I wished therefore that they would shew me some auj " The Ranah has indirectly alledged, though I know thentic Proofs of the Ranah’s Treachery towards the not with what Sincerity, that on my Requisition he would English Government, before I returned any Answer to deliver up the Forts of Lukar, &c. and settle the Revenues Sindias Message. of Binde. If such a Requisition were made, he might

" In the Course of the Two following Days Bow claim our Interference in settling all his Disputes. If Bucksey informed me, by Desire of Sindia, that previous die Ranah was sincerely desirous of fulfilling this Part to our delivering over the Fort of Gualier, a Treaty of the Treaty, he is doubtless informed of the Articles, was in Agitation betwixt him and the Ranah, through and might do it of himself, without any Requisition, but the Means of Gundudir, but that the Negociation was I believe he has made no such Proposals to the Met —

afterwards broken oft’ — That some Months before the rattas\ and though some of their Pretentions are ill —

Date of Colonel Muir's Treaty, Ch'rnmajie and German founded, yet, whilst the Ranah maintains Possession of

jee were sent to the Ranah, and a Second Negociatiorx the Forts, they have a just Right, according to the late took place. The Ranah drew out and sent a Fonn of ar* Treaty, to ule hostile Measures against him. The Rana.t*t Engagement, which he wished to obtain for his own Satis-, may deserve to suffer for his Condufct towards us, yet*, faction and Security, and verbally promised, that if SindU* in a Political Light, as his Territories form a strong^ would return it to him executed, he would distress the Erz- Carrier to our own, it seems not our Interest that he glish Detachment, by cutting off their Supplies of Grain, should be entirely destroyed; but this is an Event of and give them every Molestation in his Power in their which he appears to have no Apprehension, excej>f; . March back towards the Jumna. That Sindia accordingly from the Interference of the English; his Territories sent to the Ranah a Paper under his Seal and Signature, may be over-run, and laid Waste, by superior Numbers,

In which the Articles, as proposed by the Ranah, were but secure in his Forts, lie may bid defiance to the whole

transcribed, and under each of them short Sentences Force of the Marattas Empire for a Period of Years -

vol. 41. sx and.

722

i° Maii. 1786.

Mr. Hastings’ whenever Necessity compels them to withdraw their Answer to Armies, he may easily recover all the open Country. agJXhim. The Marattas themselves, though they aflfeQr a high Language, and have even lent for feme battering Cannon from the Fort of Belsah, are, 1 believe, fully sensible of their Inability to reduce the Ranah, or make a permanent Conquest of any Part of his Territories. Both are apprehensive of the Interference of the , and

both gavt out that they expected our Aid. There is nothing so arduous which they think may not be atchieved by us; and it was recommended to by feme of his Counsellors, to ask our Assistance in the Reduction of Gualier. But no Proposition of this Kind has been as yet made to me.

" The Answers which I have given are such as leave us in a perfect State of Neutrality. To the Ranah I have declined interfering in his Behalf, because I have no Authority from you; and because from apparent Circumstances, his Disputes with the Marattas are grounded on Agreements with them foreign to the Treaty with Colonel Muirj and to Sindia I have declined giving any Advice, because, though he has afforded Grounds to suspect that the Ranah has acted improperly towards us, yet the Proofs he has produced are not such as could justify me in taking a decided Line, without the Orders of my Superiors; and in the mean Time I have declared to both, that I mud leave them to settle their Disputes betwixt themselves.

" The substantial Part of these Answers is framed exaCUy according to the Letter of your Orders; and the Reafens which I have assigned will, I hope, meet with your Approbation — they are calculated both to impress the Ranah and Sindia with a just Sense of our Public Faith, since they evidently imply that Uncertainty alone induces us to stand neuter; and that a more clear Conviction of the Ranah’s Fidelity or Perfidy would have biassed us to take an active Part either for or against him.

" Although War has actually commenced, yet the Negociations betwixt Sindia and the Ranah are still going forward; and it seems not improbable, that in a short Period the Whole of their Disputes may be accommodated.

I am, &;c.

" Sindia % Camp, on the D'

Banks of the Purbut-ty, Four Cofs from Niniar, 29 January

1782."

This Letter was laid before the Board on the 18th February 1782, and as we considered that the Ranah had forfeited all Claim to our Protection, the Board and myself for a long Time thought it unnecessary to give Mr. Ando'son any farther Instructions on the Subject: And in the mean Time the Marattas continued to pur-fee, with flow but gradual Operations, the War which they had commenced against the Ranah. I will here femmarily repeat the Reafens which determined my Conduct on this Occasion.

The Ranah had broken his Treaty with us in all the following Instances:

He had not paid the Subsistence of the Troops sent to his Assistance, either regularly or completely, and in this bad broken the 2d Article of the Treaty.

He had not accounted for the Company’s Share of the Revenue-of the Cutckwagar Country, according to

the 4th Article of his Treaty.

He had not complied with the Requisition of the English Government for 10,000 Horse, and had thereby brakes the 5th Article of his Treaty.

He bad acted in a Maimer very inconfrftent with his Alliance with us, not only in not assisting our Troops in procuring, but even in using his Endeavours to prevent their procuring, Supplies of Grain and Provisions.

He had treacherously entered into an Agreement with our Enemies, which was in its Nature hostile to us, who were at that Time his Allies.

These Reafens were surely sufficient to divest the Ranah from having any Claim to be considered by the English as an Ally whom they ought to proteCE But there is another Reafen why the Ranah, even if he had not been guilty of all these Infidelities, had no Right to claim our Support in the War which broke out betwixt him and the Marattas\ for the Honourable House will observe, the principal Cause of that War was, a Dispute relative to Lands which the Ranah held in Consequence of his separate Agreement with the Marattas, and in Contradiction to the Treaty which Colonel Muir had settled with them on Behalf of the English Government; wherein it was fiipulated, that these Lands should be given up to them. Surely the Ranah could not expect us to support him in keeping Possession of Lands to which he possessed no Right, except what was founded on an Act of Treachery towards ourselves; and surely we could not give him such Support, without breaking our Treaty with the Marattas, One of the Articles of which was, that these Lands should be refiored to them.

I entreat the Forgivenels of the House, for thus intruding on their Time so long a Detail: The Importance of the Accusation rendered it necessary, and I pre-fame that they will rather wonder at the Patience with which I bore this long Scene of Perfidy and Treachery, tending to frustrate all the Schemes I had projected for the Advancement of the Safety, Interest, and Glory of the British Nation from that Quarter, than think me blameable in thus leaving our faithless Ally to settle his own Affairs with the Marattas. I have now only a few Words more to offer on the Subject of this Charge.

Several Animadversions are passed in it, on the Conduct which I observed towards the Ranah, in the Endeavours which were afterwards used to mediate a Peace betwixt him and Mahajee Sindia. For an Account of this Transaction, I beg Leave to quote the Words of the Letter from the Governor General and Council to the Court of Directors, dated 20th October 1783. " Independent of any View to the Acquisition of Territory, Mahajee Sindia has manifested great personal " Enmity against the Ranah of Gohud. A Vackeel " from the Ranah arrived here in April last, wife Proposals for the Interposition and Guarantee of this " Government, to eflfect and secure a Peace between " him and Sindia. Although fee Ranah had forfeited " every Claim to our Support and Good-will by the Treachery of his former Conduct, yet on Principles " of Policy and Humanity we recommended it to Mr.

" Anderson to use his Interposition, if Sindia was likely u to be influenced by it, to grant him a Peace. Mr.

" Anderson however met wife no Success in his Attempts to urge such a Wish: Before fee Fall of " Gualior, and prior to that Event, his Brother writes,

" feat Sindia bad declared his Intention to prosecute " the War to the Extermination of the Ranah, a Signing " as a Reafen, that be had broke his Faith so often,

" that be was n'ot to be trusted. We thought this a fit Occasion to express our Interposition more directly " to Sindia, and therefore directed Mr. Anderson to apply to him in our Name, requesting feat he would " carry his Resentment no farther against the Ranah, in " which same we would become Guarantee for the " Ranah’s faithful Observance of any Agreement, which " might be concluded between them."

In the Form and Manner in which this Part of fee . 01 Charge,

26 Geo. Ill*

2* Mail

723

Charge is drawn, it seems to be the Endeavour of my and One at Patna; and these Counils were under the Mr. Hastings’ Accuser to imprefe the Mind with an Idea that no superior Admini fixation of Fort William. With the £[,swer to Efforts were used by the English Government in Favour Concurrence of my Council, I appointed a Committee ag^nifhim. of the Ranah until his Affairs were del'perate, and until of Circuit to form the Settlement of the Revenues, con-such Efforts, if the)' had proved successful, must have sifting of Three Members of the Government, and been of no Avail, being deferred till after the Reduction myself. The Propriety of the Measures requires no of Gualior: This I deny. The First Letter that was Proof. It was merely a temporary CommifBon, and written to Mr. Anderson to found the Sentiments of Sindia, terminated in a few Months, when the Object of it was and offer our Mediation, was dated the 21st April 1783* accomplished. I presided at the Committee for a short and Gualior was not reduced till the 31 (i July 1783. Time only, and left it at The Collectors Mr. Anderson made an Attempt to urge our Wishes to remained in their respective Districts, as before the Scindia very soon after the Receipt of our Letter, but it Institution of this Committee, until November 1773, met with no Succefe. The Attempt feeraed to give when they were recalled, and Provincial Councils eiia-Sindia a Degree of Jealously, which Mr. Anderson had blished, professedly, at the Time of their Institution, as been cautioned to avoid; and the Means which he used merely temporary, and as preparatory only to that to remove it, when he found that there was no Prospect System which I adopted in 1781. This is proved by of our Mediation being accepted, was by affecting to the Board’s Minute in November 1773. treat the Subject with an Appearance of Indifference. I am free to acknowledge, that after the Establish-The House will observe with what Ingenuity the Ex- ment of the Supreme Council, of which I had no Idea pressions used by Mr. Anderson on that Occasion are in November 1773, I did deliver it as my Opinion quoted as my Sentiments. They will also observe with upon Record, and in an Address to the Court of Di-what Ingenuity, on another Occasion, the Language used rectors, that the System of the Provincial Councils was by Mr. Anderson in combating an Application of the the belt that could have been adopted. Is it to be Marattas for our Assistance against the Ranah is con- imputed to me as a Crime, that at a subsequent Period,

' ‘ ~ ..... upon the factious Disputes that divided each Council,

and the declining State of the Revenues, 1 altered that Opinion, and reverted to the System, or nearly to the System, 1 recommended in 1773?

I will not take up the Time of this Honourable House,

verted, in the Charge, into Arguments for defending the Ranah against them.

From the Time that Mr. Anderson received the Board’s Orders of the 21st April 1783, I believe he watched every Opportunity of offering our Mediation in

Favour of the Ranah j and afterwards, when he received by repeating my Minutes recorded in the Year 1775, on my Instructions of the 24th September 1783, he held the Subject of my Banyan’s Farms, it is now become frequent Conferences on the Subject with Sindia's obsolete; I affirm that I had no Interest whatever in

Ministers, which, however, were attended with no Effect. But as I trust that I have proved that, after so many Acts of Treachery, and Violations of Faith, we were not bound in Justice to support or protect the Ranah; it would be a useless Waite of the Time of the Honourable House to enter more minutely into a Dif* cufiion of the Measures which were taken in his Behalf.

the Transactions, and I really believe he loft very considerably by his Farms, which, in common with others, were let at too high a Rent.

The Second Charge is, for having substituted my own Instruments to be fee Managers and Collectors of the Public Revenue; that in so doing I acted illegally, having no Power to delegate the Trust and Duty com-

What could be done in the Way of friendly Mediation mitted to me and the Council for ordering and managing

was done. We did not proceed any further. And I imagine it will be sufficient to recall to the Recollection of the House the State to which the Company’s Affairs were reduced by the late War, to shew that it would not have been justifiable in the English Government, from mere Motives of a limited Policy, to have ventured the Renewal of Hostilities with the Marattas, for the Sake of protecting a Man who, during his Alliance with the

the Revenues.

Surely this is a mere Abuse of Words, and a Perversion of the true Meaning and Intent of the Act referred to Every Member of this Honourable House knows the Impracticability of superintending the Revenues of Bengal without delegatory Authority to inferior Agents for that Purpose. Had not the Provincial Councils, whoexisted long after the said Act, the Power

Company, had broken every Article of his Treaty, and of making the Settlements, and collecting the Revenues;

at last facrjflced us and our Interest to a treacherous and did not they order, manage, and govern the Re-

Alliance wnn our Enemies. venues under them, by virtue of the Power delegated to

them ? Was not this known to my Accuser himself, and did he ever object to it ?

Answer to the Fifteenth Charge. The Powers delegated to the Committee of Revenue

were certainly greater than had ever before been entrusted.

Revenues. to any subordinateDepartment of the State, and they

were necessary, because their Controul was more extea —

I am charged with having harraffed and afflicted the live; but let it be added, that they were placed beyondL Inhabitants of the Provinces, by frequent Changes Temptation, by the Liberality of the Commission allowed^.

in

them; and restricted from improper pecuniary Ad van. — tages, by an Oath which each Member was bound to take. And who has ventured to accuse them of any Infringement of it?

The Members of the Committee were not my Ira — strument9; their Characters placed them beyond tK« Suspicion of an improper Bias towards me, were i t

the System of Administration of the Revenues, contrary to my own declared Opinion, that Innova.-tions were always attended with Difficulty and Incorx-veniencies.

General Principles in Theory often require Deviations in Practice: An Alteration in the System of managing the Finances of a Kingdom is no Crime;

Property is not transferred by it That Changes have supposed possible for me to have been actuated by been made in Bengal, is admitted; but that the Natives interested or an unworthy Motive in forming the Syfte have been harraffed and afflicted by them, remaios to be of 1781. proved — I positively deny the Assertion. Mr. Anderson, the President, and Mr. Shore, the

When I arrived in Bengal, the Revenues were under actixjg President of the Committee in Mr. Anderson the Management of Collectors or Supervisors, who were Absence, have received the most flattering Marks 04

subordinate to Two Councils, One at Moorshedabad, the -Approbation of the Court of Directors and

Vol. 41. BoarcJ

7^4 2° Mai. 1786.

Mr. Hastings’ Board of Controul. I had no Knowledge of either of Chafest0 t^efe Gentlemen, until their Official Merits recommended again?him. them to my Notice. Mr. Shore, of whose Merits I cannot say too much, lived for Years in Habits of Intimacy and daily Intercourse with Mr. Francis. The other Members, Mr. Charteris and Mr. Evelyn, were Men of Ability, and of irreproachable Characters, but totally unconnected with me.

The Committee were not empowered to act independant of the Supreme Council. They transacted the current Business without a Reference, but extraordinary Matters they were obliged to report. Their Proceedings were regularly laid before the Council Monthly; no Concealment was intended or practised. By fixing the Station of the Committee of Revenue to Calcutta, immediately under the Observation of the Board, the Zemindars, Farmers, or their Deputies, who had Business with the Committee in , could make their

References or Complaints to any Member of the Council.

The Inability of the Provincial Councils, from the Decline of the Revenues, was a l’ufficient Reason for abolishing the m. The Supreme Council were not adequate to the Detail of the Revenues; and I affirm, after the most mature Deliberation, that the Estabfishment of the Committee of Revenue was indispensably necessary.

It is in Proof before this Honourable House, that the Revenues have considerably encreased under the Management of the Committee of Revenue. The Plan was formed in 1781. My Constituents never did express the smallest Disapprobation of it, though in the following Two Years many of my Acts, unfortunately, drew from them Letters of Disapprobation; and I have bad the Happiness of hearing, that before this Honourable House and the House of Lords, the learned Counsel employed by my Constituents to defend their Rights were instructed to do Justice to my Zeal, effefitually displayed in the Improvement of the Revenues, when the Existence of the British Empire in depended upon our Re-

sources in Bengal.

I refer this Honourable House to authentic Documents upon their Table, transmitted from Bengal since my Resignation of the Service; these will prov^ how considerably the Revenues have encreased since 'the Institution of the Committee of the Revenue.

Answer to the Sixteenth Charge. Misdemeanors in Oude.

I shall make few Observations upon this Charge, although it contains no less than Ninety-five Articles. This Honourable House is already in Possession of Volumes that have been written upon the Subject of Oude; to those I shall refer, not only for my complete Justification from every Article of this Charge, but for more that my Justification. I am confident that I shall receive the Approbation of this Honourable House, and of my Country, for my Conduct towards the Nabob Vizier, who has faithfully and honourably performed every Stipulation of our Agreement. I have already had the Honour to receive the Approbation of the Court of Directors, and the Board of Controul, for all my Proceedings in Oude. — The Company’s Debt, which was once so considerable, and universally pronounced irrecoverable, amounting, when I left Calcutta in February 1784 to proceed to Lucknow, to above Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, is now completely liquidated. The Country, which was in a State of universal Confusion and Distress, now wears

the Face of Plenty and Happiness. — It is incumbent upon me, however, to prove to this Honourable House, that I was not the Author of those Measures, which I am as free as any Man to acknowledge did bring great Distress upon the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier; and it is further incumbent upon me to prove, that I took the earliest Opportunity of applying an effectual Remedy to those Evils.

The Treaty which I concluded with the late Vizier Sttjah. ul Dowlahin September 1773, did not contain a Angle Article which incroached upon his Rights as a Sovereign and Independant Prince, nor was the smallest Attempt made by me to deviate from the Terms of that Treaty. The Resident, Mr. Middleton, whom I appointed to his Court, with the Permission of my Council, never interfered in the Management of his Dominions, he was merely the Channel of Political Communication from me to the Vizier; and the strongest Remonstrances which I ever instructed him to make to his Excellency, were those which I have read to this Honourable House upon the Subject of his Treatment of the Wife and Children of Haffez Rhametand his Rohilla Prisoners. Sttjah ul Dowlah died in February 1775, when I had not the smallest Degree of Power or Authority in the Government of Bengal; — but my Opinion is upon

Record, that the Treaty which I concluded in 1773 with Sujah ul Dowlah, ought to have continued iu Force with his Son and Successor, the present Vizier: The Majority, General Clavering, Colonel Monson, and Mr. Francis, were of a different Opinionthey determined that the Treaty was no longer binding upon us, and they framed a new one, the Merit of which, as they informed the Court of Directors, with great Truth, was solely and exclusively their own. By this Treaty the Soverignty of Benares and Ghazipore were transferred to the East India Company, and the Subsidy for the Pay of our Brigade was raised from Two Lacks and Ten, to Two Lacks and Sixty thousand Rupees a Month. The Court of Directors were of Opinion, with me, that the Treaty concluded with Sujah ul Dowlah in 1773, ought to have remained in Force on his Son’s Succession, but they warmly approved of the Conduct of the Majority, in procuring such advantageous Stipulations for the Company, in the Treaty concluded with the present Nabob, Vizier. I uniformly asserted, that these Concessions would be a Source of infinite Distress to the Nabob and that they were obtained by a Breach of Faith. I beg Leave to quote the following Passage from the 5th Report of the Secret Committee of this Honourable House: " It is however to be observed, that the Governor General, in his Remarks upon tbfe beneficial " Representations, persisted in his prophetic Apprehensions, that the Conditions of the Treaty could never " be fulfilled, neither did he think it honourable to have " forced from the Nabob Concessions inconsistent with " their former Treaties, to which the Necessity of his " Situation alone compelled him, however unwillingly, " to submit."

The Country of Oude was, I believe, upon the Death of Sujah ul Dowlah, in a flourishing Condition as to Culture, Commerce, and Population — The same Observation would apply to his newly-acquired Dominions in Rohilcund, the Douab, Corah, and Allahabad.

— His Troops, at the Time of his Decease, were in general Twelve Months in Arrears, and a considerable Balance was due to the East India Company. — The Treasurers of which Sujah ul Dowlah died possessed, and which, in the Opinion of Colonel Monson and Mr. Francis, ought to have been applied to the Discharge of the Debts of the State, were in the Possession of the Bhow Begum, the Widow of Sujah ul Dowlah. — The young Nabob was surrounded with Difficulties; the Troops mutinous for Want of Pay; his Relations, and the Ministers

of

a6 Geo. III. 2 Ma 725

of his Father, difeffe&ed to him — His Life-was repeatedly attempted; more than once it was preserved by his own Resolution and Presence of M^nd, and the Country kept in Subjection by the Presence of a Army —

The Treaty was concluded by Mr. Bristow in May 1775, without Difficulty. — The Alternative was this, that we should abandon his Country and his Concerns altogether, unless he came immediately into our Terms. — The DistrelTes of the Nabob continued, and the Country declined in Culture, Population, and Commerce, from the Period of our avowed Interference in his Administration.

In the Month of December 1775, the Nabob applied to us, through Mr. Bristow, to assist him with a Number of British Officers to command his Troops — His Request was complied with, and this brought additional Distress upon his Affairs: Many of the Corps thus commanded seized and confined their Officers; and many Months elapsed before Order and Tranquillity were in any Degree restored, by the Difiniffion of large Bodies of Troops, whole mutinous Behaviour repeatedly endangered the Life of their Sovereign. Murteza the

Nabob’s Minister, was murdered by Cqjee an

Eunuch, and One of Sujah belt and moil

favoured Officers — -This Eunuch was himself cut to Pieces, in attempting to force through the Guards which surrounded the Nabob’s Person, with a Determination to aflaifinate his Sovereign with his own Hand. — Mr. Bristow's Correspondence with the Supreme Council, in the Years 1775 and 1776, will sufficiently shew the confuted and disordered State of the Province of Chide during those Periods, and the DistrelTes to which the Nabob Vizier himself was Personally subjeQ.; but I repeat, that I am not responsible in the slighted Degree for the Establishment of that System which caused those DistrelTes; I difepproved it; I foretold the Consequences of it — Colonel Monson died on the 28th of September 1776: From that Period only am I accountable for any Act of the Government of Bengal, under the Administration established by the Regulating ACT of 177 3.

Mr. Bristow was recalled, and Mr. Middleton succeeded him as Resident in early in the Year

1777. A very heavy Debt was then due from his Excellency to the Company; for its Liquidation, for the Pay of the regular Brigade stationed at of the Nabobs Troops commanded by British Officers, and of the various Establishments which had been formed in Oude, Tuncaws, or Assignments, were granted upon several Distri&s in the Vizier’s Dominions. My First Measure, relative to Oude, was, to propose that the Troops of the Nabob Vizier, which were commanded by British Officers, should be put upon a similar Elta-blishment with our own Troops, or that they should be withdrawn altogether. This was no Encroachment upon the Rights of the Nabob. The Appointment of British Officers to command his Troops was a most pernicious Measure to our Service in general. The Advantages were avowedly greatly superior to any that were enjoyed by Officers of the same Ranks in the Company’s Service, and of course such an Establishment created very great Dilguft amongst those Officers who served iu our own Army. The Nabob consented to a Reduction of this Establishment, and the Temponuy Brigade, as it was called, was formed upon the same Plan with our Army, the Regiments to take their Tour of Duty in our own Provinces, and to be relieved equally with call the Regiments in our Service. The Cavalry were to be upon the same Footing. The Nabob applied to me, and desired my Content to the Formation of a Corps to be commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Hattnay, for the Service of the Collectionsj and another by Major Osborne, for the Defence of his Frontiers, which had

Vol. 41.

hitherto been in a State of afihud Revolt In recom- Mr. Hwtinfe's mending feme of these Establishments, and contenting to Answer to others, I encroached upon no Rights which the late Ch?rfel-Majority had left to the Nabob, but I affirm that these tm' Establishments appeared necessary to his Excellency, and 1 exerted no improper Influence in order to persuade him to adopt them. They were formed the latter End of the Year 1777, and carried into Effect early in the Year 1778.

In the Month of May 1778 it was deemed necessary to form a Detachment for the Assistance and Support of the Company’s Interests on the West of India, and in the Month of July 1778 we received the First Intelligence of the War with France. Accounts had much earlier been received by me, from the most respectable Authority, of the Designs formed by the French against our Possessions in India. In the following Year, 1779, we received very heavy Complaints from the Nabob Vizier of the ruinous State of his Country, and of the Distress which the Establishment of British Troops in Oude had brought upon him. I am convinced that these Representations were founded in Truth; but was it in my Power to yield him effectual Relief at that Time? was I to suspend the Company’s Claims for the Arrear due from him? or could the Company, then eugaged in a War with France and with the Mar at t as, agree at a Moment’s Notice to disband Nine Regiments of disciplined Sepoys, and Three Regiments of Cavalry; or could the Company’s Finances have borne the Burthen of this Establishment? or had the Nabob Vizier at that precise Moment any Force of his own to repel an Invasion of the Marattas, if they had entered his Country? The Nabob stated in his Letter to me, that the same Evils which he then experienced, he had struggled with for Three Years past; that is, from the first Adoption of a System in which I had no Concern. In consequence of my Representations to the Nabob, he granted Assignments for the Year 1779, *n the same Manner as be had done each Year since the Death of the late Vizier. In the Year 1780, the Nabob Vizier again represented to the Counaii the distrelfed State of his Country, and urged his Request, that the Temporary Brigade might be recalled.

I desire this Honourable House to reflect for One Moment upon our Situation at that Period. The Nabob was made, but not by me, in a great Degree the Vassal of the Company; his own Army was not adequate to the Defence of his Dominions without our Assistance; and the British Empire in India, in the Year 1780, was in so precarious a State, that i should have been a Traitor to my Country, if I had consented to the disbanding of any Part of the Troops necessary to our mutual Interests; for the Nabob Vizier was embarked in a common Cause with us.

In the following Year, 1781, I met the Nabob Vizier at Chunar. — His Debt to the Company was at tli&A Time very considerable, and I was fully convinced of his Inability to liquidate the Arrear due, and to diC^ charge the current Demands upon him. — I agreecR, therefore, to recall the Temporary Brigade altogethe ar~, and to leave him with no other British Troops in lams Dominions, except the regular Brigade stationed cat Cawnpore, a Regiment of Sepovs at Lucknow, and fucrR other Corps as he himself mould exprefely requi. from us. — I desire to remark to this Honourakml^. House, that at the Period this Agreement was comm. — eluded, every Apprehension of an Invasion of Oude the Marattas was at an End. — We had obtained marrm -y sign&l Advantages in the War with that State, and Jf did not entertain a Doubt of the Conclusion of the ie? — Parate Treaty with Madajee Scu which was ligne«j a few Days after my Agreement with the Vizier-.

8 Y When

726

2° Matt.

A. 1786.

A,rH*fltoS^ When I refofed, on the 15th December 1779, to whh-Ckarge> draw these Troops from the Nabob’s Dominions, our agsiiA hia. Situation was entirely different; and I am morally certains that the Commander in Chief would most stre-nuously have opposed such a Proposition, since it was his Object to secure, by every Means in las Power, the Province of Oude against an Attack, and to act offensively from that Quarter, as the Means of bringing about a Peace with the Marattas.

I never departed, I confidently affirm, in the slighted Instance, from the Letter or the Spirit of the Treaty which I concluded with the Nabob at Chunar.

The Cavalry, die Temporary Brigade, and Colonel Harmay't, Troops, were recalled. I never proposed their Re-establishment, nor would I have agreed to such a Measure but at the Nabob’s earned Request. Mr. Middleton and Mr. Johnston, in December 1781, made strong Representations to me of the disordered State of the Nabob’s Government, from its Participation in the Consequences of the Benares Insurrection, and the violent Opposition supported by the Influence and Resources of the Begums. In consequence of their Representations, I proposed that a Detachment of Four Regiments, with a suitable Train of Artillery, under the Command of Sir John Cttmming, should be stationed at Lucknow during the unsettled State of the Government: but upon a Representation from the Resident, that such a Measure would not meet the Nabob’s Concurrence, who was entitled to demand Succour, upon any Emergency, from the regular Brigade at I countermanded the March of this Detachment; and I deny that I ever entertained an Idea of fending a Angle Sepoy into the' Nabob’s Dominions without his Consent. My Accuser very strangely confounds my Orders for the March of a Detachment of the 24th December 1781, which never entered the Nabob’s Dominions, with a Resolution of Government taken in the latter End of the Year 17S2, in consequence of a Request from the Nabob himself, transmitted to us through Mr. Bristow, that we would station a Detachment of Five Regiments of Sepoys at Futtyghur; and we did so. This is the Detachment at present stationed there, whose Services I thought the Nabob did not want; and this Honourable House is in Possession of the Orders of the Court of Directors which confirm every Part of my Agreement with his Excellency. I therefore again most foiemnly affirm, that I have never deviated in the smallest Degree from my Engagements with his Excellency. I appeal to all his letters, and to the Sentiments of every Man now in England, who has served in Oude, to justify me against so unmerited a Calumny as this Charge would fix upon me.

I amaccufed of causing the Treasury Accounts of Calcutta to be scrutinized, in order to discover Oqe Demand of 260,000l. and a Second of 140,000l. by which the Nabob and his Minister were so terrified and confounded, that the former desired the Resident might at once take his Country, since Justice was out of the Question.

How shall I reply to such a Charge, preferring at the same Time the Respect which is due to this Honourable House ? If, upon adjusting the Annual Accounts in Calcutta, our Accountant General discovered a Balance of 400,000 /. in Favour of the Company — was it not my Duty to state the Claim ? The Justice of it the Nabob did not dispute: He allowed the Claim, but stated One which he had against the Company; this the Resident could not allow without Authority, and upon this Demur, his Excellency made use of the Language quoted by my Accuser -as a Charge against me. Let me here repeat, that these Claims, and all other's, are fully liquidated, and that in -the Month of tleptember \&, the Nabob did not owe the Company a Shilling.

I neither meant to add to the Consulion, Perplexity, or Disthefe of the Nabob, by fending my Secretary, Major Palmer, to hfe Excellency: The Deputation has been attended with the most fortunate Conferences both to the Nabob, and the East India Company. I appeal to my Instructions to Major Palmer to justify me against the Insinuations contained in this Part of the Charge. It was my Duty to relieve the Distresses of the Company by every possible Means, and we were struggling for our Exmence in India, in the Month of July 1782, when I deputed Major Palmer to Lucknow. Was it criminal in me then, to desire the Nabob would pay Ten Lacks of Rupees, which he had intended as a Present to myself, to the Company, to whose Use I should faithfully have applied it, as I did the former Sum, had I received it? and was it criminal, in me to desire Major Palmer to raise, if possible, the Sum of 50 or 60 Lades of Rupees for the Relief of our exhausted Treasury, upon a Loan for which Company’s Bonds were to be given. These are Charges I did not expect, and was ill prepared to reply to.

I potitively deny, that I instructed Major to

infiftupon a Angle Point contrary to the Nabob’s Inclination. It is extremely difficult me to answer a Charge of this Kind, except by a most solemn Denial of the Truth of it. 1 never expressed a With to fix a fiogle Regiment in Gu</e beyond the regular Brigade and the Resident’s Guard at Lucknow, nor had the Nabob a Sepoy in Oude in the Year 1782, beyond the Number prescribed by Treaty, but either Three or Four Regiments from the regular Brigade were at the Time detached in different Parts of his Dominions. This was not conformable to the Spirit of the Treaty, and it was in Opposition to an Opinion I bad always professed and acted up to, that our Force, to be respeoable, ought not to be frittered away in Detachments, or in Danger of being destroyed in Detail. The Brigade was stationed for the Defence of the Nabob’s Frontiers, and his Excellency himself proposed that a separate Establishment, consisting of Four Regiments of our Troops, under certain prescribed Regulations, should be kept up for the Service of the Collections. This Proposal was submitted to me for Approval in the Month of March 178*2, and thus the Consideration of it became an Article in Major Palmer's Instructions Two Months after. If the Regiments were to be eftatdished, it was my Duty to secure Funds for the Payment of them; but k was entirely optional in the Nabob to fix, or to reject the Establishment altogether; — and he did reject it.

Lieutenant Colonel Hamutys Corps was established with the Nabob's Consent, and even at his own express Desire, for the Defence of Gcruclcpore and,

the most disaffeefced and diibrderly Distri&s in the Nabob’s Dominions. Until the Period of Colonel Hannay's Appointment the Revenues of these Dif-trifts were nearly expended in the Maintenance of the Troops which defended them; and it has been proved that much larger Remittances were made from those Distri&s to the Nabob’s Treasury, while Colonel Hannay commanded in Gerruckpore, than at any other Period before his Appointment, or since Us Removal.

The State of the Adnriniftr&tion of Justice in Oude was so very defective in 1782 (though precisely the same as it had been since our First Connexion with that Country) that I urgently pressed the Nabob to establish Dewanny Courts upon a similar Plan with our own Courts in Bengal;but, anxious as I was upon this Point, I -never presumed to declare the Company the Sovereigns-of Oude, whidh ‘Imuft have done, baa 1 imposed thdfe Regulations, which I conceived to be necessary, against the -Consent of the Nabob; and it was a Point Of great Delicacy, to be established

gradually,

o

26 Geo. Ill -

«° Mali.

assuming the Alanagement of the Nabob’s Proof has been brought of the Afiertion,

gradually, even with tSie Nabob’s fell Content 'The Administration of Juct&ce is undoubtedly the Foundation and Efience of Government, and the Security of the Revenue; but, to have taken it into my own Hands,

prie^ charge me with a High Crime and Misdemea- of AbnJhanH 4'LeuiJi

nor, for not preventing the Commission of Murder or

7*7

Revenue; and I af-

Mr. Haftipgf Answef to

firm it to be wholly grourrdlefe: What Description of ChW. Qentlemeu have I employed, or patronized in India, deserve to be mentioned in such opprobrious pnns ? Those who composed my Family were Men Ability_ and Integrity, Men distinguHbed in the

unities in Chide, in the Year 1783. Admitting the to be true, as dated in a Letter from Mr. Bristow o* the 29th of January 1784, written and dispatched after his Removal from Office, that a Woman was murdered in the City of Lucknow, the Aunt of Nabob Behadre, One of the Nabob’s Brothers; how ain I responsible for this atrocious AX ? I do not know that I ever saw or beard of the Nabob Behadre, He has

Ployed as my Persian lYanflator, enjoyed the fam< Office under Sir Robert Barker. Ihefe Gentlemen, "'ere of my own Nomination, and they served th^ Company faiffifoliy and succesefully on various Occasions-Afr. was expressly appointed by the Courts

of Directors to an Office ofgreat Emolument in Ouder and the Reversion of this Office was, on the 1st Marcf*-1 7 bellowed by the same Authority upon Mr. Joh*^ been described to me, since I read this Charge, by many Taylor, the Nepbew of a Gentleman then Chairma.arm.

Gentlemen who knew him, as a depraved, profligate, of the Court of Directors, and a Member of this Honotn- —

and abandoned Character, perpetually involved in Quar- able House, Sir Henry Fletcher. But what Relation^, rels, and his Life hourly in Danger from his own Irregu- or intimate Connexions of my own, have I pro — -

larities: A Man hardly recognized as a Relation by the videci for, either from the Revenues of Chide, or by bo — late Sujah ul Dowlah, the present Nabob, or by any of Rowing Offices upon them in Bengal; I never had more his Family. But were he of a different Character, ami than Two Relations in Bengal; One of them was killeti accountable for the Attempt which a Russian made upon at the Storm of the Fortrefi of Lahore, and at the Titra his Life, or for the Death of his Aunt ? The Circumstance of his Death was many Thousand Rupees in Debt. Tkaj^s-of this TransaXion I am to this Day totally unacquainted other is at this Moment a Lieutenant in totall^

with. In the length of Time that I passed at Lucknow, unprovided _ for; and the only Requell which I eve*" and in Daily Conversation with the Nabob, hisMinisters, made in his Favour (though an inefieXual one) iras^ and others, I mull have heard of it, had it been true — that the Court of Directors would be pleased to aDt>oixx"fc I never did. him a Writer in the Service.

With respect to the Relations of the Nabob, I do My Accuier asserts, that I authorized large Allowances allure this Honourable House, that I was in Habits of to be received from the Nabob Vizier, and therefcry continual Intercourse with them; that they expressed violated my own foleinn Agreement with him — I do deny

their fiocere Satisfaction at the Measures which I that I authorized Major Palmer to draw an " ‘ adopted; and the most powerful amongst the Nabob’s

or

Family, his Uncle, Solar Jung, and the Begums, declared upon all Occassions, while I relided at

now, and Gnce my Departure from it, their mash complete Satisfaction and Approbation of all my Proceedings.

I am accused of Inconsistency in my ConduX towards Almas Ally Caam,a very few Words will exculpat*^ me from this Charge. In the Year 1782, Almas Alley Caam was represented to me as in a State of aXual Re — hellion: I believed the Representation, and I instruXe^ffl. Mr. Bristow, if it were true, and his Crimes proved, t<z» urge the Nabob to punish him with Death; but

- „ — any Salary

allowance whatsoever; but I supposed that his Expences, while be remained at Lucknow by the express and urgent Requell of the Nabob Vizier, would be defrayed by his Excellency. — My Resolution was taken to return to England. The other Allowances were merely temporary, not fixed by me, but by the Nabob Vizier himself, and to be totally reduced at any Time, either by himself or by an Order of the Board; or to be modified and settled in the Manner which they have been since my Resignation of the Service.

Having affirmed that I provided for no Creatures or Dependants from the Revenues of Oude, I can with equal Truth declare, which I now do moll solemnly to this Honourable House, that I did not add to ray own For-

even

here, I laid, that whatever Engagement had been made

with him, must, however exceptionable, be faithfully tune by my Journey to Lucknow, or by my "Connexion

observed. Subsequent Information induced me to believe with the Nabob. — On this Subjex, however, I forbear

that I was mistaken; and as an incontrovertible Proof to enlarge, — I claim no Merit with this Honourable

of it Almas Ally Cawn, upon the Faith of my Assurances, House for having merely done my Duty.

the Month of February 1784, came to Luckncnv Jt js also a Charge against me, that I neglected xu»

Application from a Brother of the Nabob Mirza Jungly, who wished to fix himself in our Provinces. — I discouraged his Design, and with Realbn. The Nabob Saadu£ Ally has relided under our Protection since the Year 1777, and though his Residence with us is ollentfibly lanXioned by the Nabob, it has ever been a Source of Jealouly and Uneasiness to him, and it has afforded an Opportunity to disaffeXed and insidious Men, to ira-prese his Mind with false Notions of his Brother’s Designs — If I bad afforded an Asylum for Mirza Jungly in our own Provinces, with a suitable Provision for hla Support, or an Acquiescence in his Return on his own Terms to Lucknow, there were at least a Dozen Other-Brothers who would have followed his Example, and would of course have expeXed our Mediation in their-Behalf; and on what Obligation should I have done it ? Or on what Principle could I have been jullified in these petty Interferences in the Competition of Individuals of the Nabob’s family.

The

in

unattended, where he relided as a private Man, while !l remained in India.' By my Solicitations, he advanced the Sum of 50,000l. to the Nabob, which was employed for the Company’s Service, and by this Assistance afforded to his Sovereign and the East India Company, he refuted the Charges of Perfidy and Disloyalty, which had often been too successfully urged against him; but I declare at the same Time, that 1 thought Almas Ally Ctrwris Power was too considerable and contrary to good 'Policy; yet as it had been given to him by the Nabob, I found it impossible to change the System, and therefore advised its Continuance. Let the Confidence which Almas Ally Cawn placed in me, by coming unattended to Lucknow upon the Faith of a Letter from myself only, be a Proof, as it ought to be, that my Character does not deserve those Insinuations which have been thrown out against it

In several Articles of this Charge, it is insinuated that I provided for my Creatures and Dependants, by Vo l. 41.

Mr. Halting*’ Answer to Chargts mgainst him.

728 a" Mail. A. 1786.

The Remainder of this Charge is more a Defence of

Mr. Bristow than an Attack upon me. — I shall not trouble this Honourable House with a Detail upon this Subject — For the present, I shall merely observe, that in the Month of September 1782 Mr. was appointed Resident at Oude — That a very few Months after his Appointment, very great Heats and Animosities broke out between Mr. Bristow on the One Part, and the Nabob and his Minister on the other — I had no Enmity to Mr. Bristmo, nor had I any Personal Motives to gratify by his Removal. — These Disputes were referred to the Council in Calcutta — I took the Part of the Nabob and his Minister; my Council justified Mr. Bristow — But a Government so dilbrdered could not possibly exist — It became necessary, in the Month of December 1783, either to remove Mr. Bristow, or to authorize him to assume an absolute Authority in Oudeand this I stated to the Council, who were alarmed at the Prospect before them; and, though they were all the strenuous Defenders of Mr. Bristow, agreed to his Removal, and to delegiate to me the Power of settling every disputed Point with the Vizier, provided I would be responsible for his Payment of the Balance due to the Company, not with my Fortune, as my Accuser truly fays, but with my Character, which I prize infinitely higher. — I accepted the Trust, and it detained me One entire Season in India — I proceeded to Lucknow; I met the Nabob upon the most friendly Terms; I declare to this Honourable House, that 1 treated him with the Respect and the Attention which was due to his high Rank — that I never presumed to speak to him in an authoritative Tone; and that, by Argument and Persuasion, I carried all my Points both with the Nabob and his Minister — I never interchanged an unplealant Word with him, during the Five Months which I remained at his Court, and near Four of that Period lived, with Thirty English Gentlemen, and numerous Guards and Domestics, within the same Enclosure; nor in that Period did the flightcft Dispute ever arise between his People and mine.

Answer to the Nineteenth, Eighteenth, and Seventeenth Charges.

Libel on the Court of Directors — Mogul delivered UP TO THE MaRATTAS — AND MaHOSIED Reza Cawn.

" General and Council, to countered the Designs of our " numerous Enemies." And with this Quotation I shall " close my Observations on the 19th Charge.

I know not, I protest, what my Accuser means by the Charge which he styles " The Mogul delivered up " to the Marattas." I mull decline my Answer to this

Charge, until I receive feme further'Lights upon the Subject. I avow, that I would have afforded effectual Assistance to the Mogul, that is to the King Shah Album, if Powers had been granted to me; but my Council differed in Opinion with me, and nothing was done. Major Browne's Letter to the Court of Directors, of the

6th of October 1785, fully proves that no Engagements of any Kind were concluded. I declare that I entered into no Negociations with Madajee Sindia for delivering the Mogul into the Hands of the Marattas; but I must have been a Madman indeed, if I had involved the Company in a War with the Marattas, because the Mogul, as his last Resource, had thrown himself under the Protection of Madajee Sindia. I do assure this Honourable House, that when the Council agreed to iuveft me with full Powers, to assist the Nabob Vizier in restoring Order and Tranquillity throughout his Dominions, I drew up my own Instructions, which, on their Approval, became an Act of Government. I mention this Circumstance, as a full Refutation of my Accuser’s Remark, " that the " Council, being well aware of his (the said Hastings's) " Disposition to engage in unwarrantable Designs " against the neighbouring States, did expressly confine " his Powers, &c. &c."

The only remaining Charge which has been delivered to me, respects my Treatment of Mahomed Reza Cawn, and the Nabob of Bengal. To this I shall reply somewhat more at Length, pressed as 1 am in Point of Time.

It was my Lot to be intrusted by the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors with the Execution of Orders, which were to be returned to them unseen, in the Event of my Death. These Orders I received the Day after my Accession to the Government of Bengal. I shall insert a Copy of them, and the subsequent Letters which passed between me and the Court of Directors on the Subject of them.

If the Three Charges which were delivered to me on Friday, and I believe to the Members of this Honourable House on the same Day, contained much impeachable Matter, I should request a Delay of a few Days to prepare my Reply to them; but I have no Objection to leave them, accompanied by a very short Explanation, to make their own Impression upon this Honourable House. In Truth, I have read them over myself very cursorily.

In the 19th Charge, I am accused of publishing " a Libel on the Court of Directors." How can I reply to l'uch a Charge? The Court of Directors have commenced no Prosecution against me for a Libel; on the contrary, Two Years after the Publication of my Letter, which now for the first Time is called a Libel, I have had the Honour and the Happinefe to receive their unanimous Thanks for my long, faithful, and able Service's. The Court of Directors censured me for addressing them with such unguarded Warmth, in their Letter of the 28th January 1784; but I had the Pleasure to find that Censure accompanied by the following Words: " After the Resistance which the " Rajah had made, no Countenance could be consistently shewn him. However, we turn aside from

this disagreeable Subject, to express great Approba-' tion at the extraordinary Exertions of our Governor

From the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors to Mr. Hastings, dated the 28th August 1771.

" By our General Address you will be informed of the Reasons we have to be dissatisfied with the Administration of Mahomed Reza and will perceive

the Expediency of our divesting him of the Rank and Influence he holds, as Naib Dewan of Bengal. But though we have declared our Resolution in this Respect to our President and Council, yet, as the Measures to be taken in Consequence thereof might be defeated by the Minister, and all Enquiry into his Conduct rendered ineffectual, were he to have any previous Intimation of our Designs, we, the Secret Committee, having the most perfect Confidence in your Judgment, Prudence, and Integrity, have thought proper to intrust to your especial Care the Execution of those Measures which alone can render the Naib’s Conduct subject to the Effect of a full Enquiry, and secure that Retribution which may be due on the Detection of any Fraud, Embezzlement, or collusive Practice, in his public or private Transactions.

" In order, therefore, to make him amenable to a due Course of Justice, and to prevent the ill Consequences which may result from the Resentment and Revenge which he may conceive in the Knowledge

of

a6 GEO. HI. 3° Mail.

739

of 01 r Intentions, we hereby direct and enjoin you (immediately on the Receipt of this Letter) to issue your private Orders, for securing the Perl'on of Mahomed Reza Conn, together with his whole and his

known Partizans and Adherents, and for bringing them, down to Calcutta; and it is our pleasure, that they by 110 Means be suffered to quit the Place, until Mahomed Reza Cozen shall have exculpated himself from the Crimes of which he now stands charged or fui'pected-In this Research, your own Judgment will direct you to all such Means of Information as may be likely to bring to Light the woft secret of his Transactions. W however, cannot forbear recommending to you, to ava> 1 yourself of the Intelligence which Nundcomar may be able to give, respecting the Naib’s Administration; and which the Envy which Nundcomar is suppolbd to bear this Minister, may prompt him to a ready Communication of all Proceedings which have come to his Knowledge; wc are persuaded that no fcrutable Part of the Nabob’s Conduct can have escaped the watchful Eye of his jealous and penetrating Rival. We have the Satisfaction to reflect, that you are too well apprised of the Subtilty and Disposition of Nundcomar, to yield him any Trust or Authority which may be turned to his own Advantage, and prove detrimental to the Company’s Interest.

" Though we have thought it necessary to intimate to you how little we are disposed to delegate any Power or Influence to Nundcomar, yet should his Information and Assistance be serviceable to you, in your investigatino the Conduct of Mahomed Reza , you will yield

him such Encouragement and Reward as his Trouble, and the Extent of his Services, may de/erve."

Extract of my Letter to the Court dated

1st Sepietnber 1 7 72.

in which they could be exactly fulfilled. You directed, Mr. Hastings/ " That if the Assistance of Nundcomar should be ter- Viceable to me in investigating the Condua of Ma- ,

Cc honied Reza Cawn, I should yield him such Reward ws his Trouble, and the Extent of his Services, may deserve." Had I not been guided by the Caution ^.Lich you have been pleased to enjoin roe, yet my own knowledge of the Character of Nundcomar would have ^^strained me from yielding him any Trust or Authority,

’"’hich could prove detrimental to the Company s In —

rests. You will perceive by the Records, that this ^Appointment has not taken Place without Oppositior* —

I did not think myself at Liberty to divulge your fecrefc. Commands. I am at this Time most firmly persuadecJ, that no other Measure whatever would have been likely to prove so effectual, either for promoting zvhich you have directed, or giving Strength and Dura — tion to the new Syftena."

ExtraQ: of the Court of Directors Reply to the

above.

tc The Extirpation of Mahomed Reza Cawn's In — fiuence was absolutely necessary; and as to any Hopes which he may entertain of profiting by Changes in Court of Directors, these Hopes mull speedily vanifta 9 for however different their Sentiments may be in Particulars, they heartily concur in the Propriety Necessity of setting him aside. Your Choice of th<^ Begum for Guardian to the Nabob, we entirely The Use you intend making of Nundcomar is very pro — per; and it affords us great Satisfaction to find, that you-. could at once determine to suppress all Personal Refers fc-s-

jxient, when the Public Welfare seemed to clalh witJfc* your private Sentiments relative to Nundcomar.

" The immediate Departure of the Colebrooke, which*, failed the Day after my Letter of the 24th bad

reached her, prevented my giving you further Intelligence of the Issue of the Measures which I had taken for tha e Arrest of Mahomed Reza Cozen. As your Comma ncFzs were peremptory, and addressed to myself alone, I car^ — fully concealed them from every other Person, exce|^»t Mr. Middleton, whose Assistance was necessary for thesi r Execution, until I was informed by him that Mahomed Reza Cawn was actually in Arrest, and on his Way to Calcutta. I had no Connection with Nundcomar or I sis Family prior to the Receipt of your Commands by tVse Lapwing: On the contrary, from the Year 1759 to the Time when 1 left Bengal, in 1764* I was engaged in a continual Opposition to the Interests and Designs of that Man, because I judged him to be adverse to the Interests of my Employers; and, in the Course of this Contention, I received sufficient Indications of his Ill-will, to iiavc made me his irreconcileable Enemy, if I could suffer my Passions to superftde the Duty which I owe to the Company. To the service of the Company, and to your Commands, I have sacrificed my Feelings, and I iiave combated those of others, joined with me in the Administration of your Affairs.

" The same Principles guided me, though not uninfluenced by other Arguments of great Force, in the Choice of Afunny Begum, the Widow of the Nabob Jlfcer Jqffier, and of Rajah Goordass, the Son of Maha Jlajah Nundcomar, the former for the Chief Administration, the latter for the Dewannee of the Nabob’s House-hold; both the declared Enemies of Mahomed Reza Cazcn. lo the latter, indeed, I was principally inclined through your Commands; and I hope it will appear, that I have adopted almost the only Expedient Vo 1. 41. J

Extralft of a Letter from Mr. Hastings to the Court of Directors, dated Fort , 24th March

1774.

" Although the Proceedings of the Board very minutely recorded all the Measures which were taken for prosecuting the Enquiry into the Conduct of Mahomed Heza Cawn, and my own Sentiments, both in the Course and the Issue of it, yet as I was originally honoured with your separate Commands for conducing this intricate Business, I conceive it to be in feme Measur incumbent on me to address you on its Conclusion. 'You will be pleased to recollect that the Charge was general, without any Specification of Time, Places, or Persons; I had neither Witnesses, Vouchers, nor Materials to begin with; for these I relied chiefly on the Abilities, Observation, and afitive Malignity of Nund — comar. In the Course of the Enquiry I proceeded with*, the most rigid Impartiality; not suffering (I can iafely say) thefmalleft Bias to incline me. You will fee witls. what Materials I was fumished; I am sorry to say, that some were collected with so little Regard to Decency or Truth, as to make me apprehensive of the Effects which, they might have produced on my Character, from th^ Countenance which I afforded Nundcomar in the Prose — cution, had I not, in my own immediate Conduct, invariably adhered to the strictest Rules of Justice. Not — . withstanding the Consciousness which I possess of my own Integrity, and the Certainty that my Conduct: throughout this ungrateful Business will, on the most rigi«^| Scrutiny, do me Credit, yet I am not without my Fears. I am aware of the violent Prejudices that were taken u p a^ne Time against Mahomed Reza Cawn by all Ranks of People, both here and at Home. I am also aware that in England, where the very Name of Enquiry into

8Z the

*. Mr. Hastings Answer to Charges agauuli him.

730 20 Mail A. 1786*

’ ths past Management of Affairs in India flatters the Pa (lion of the Times, and raises Expectations of great and important Detections, the Result may baulk those Expectations, and turn the Torrent of Popular Clamour another Way.

" I mult declare that I have another Motive for my Fears; the dark and deceitful Character of whole Gratitude no Kindness can bind, nor even his own Interest disengage him from those crooked Politics which have been the Study and Practice of his whole Life: Of this I have had many extraordinary Proofs.

" My Experience of his Character has never altered my Behaviour to him; but in such Instances only, and such have occurred, as required it for the Public Tranquillity. I have supported the Authority of Rajah Goordass, even in Opposition to the Begum, because it was confident with your Interest."

Mahomed Reza Cawn was acquitted by me, and appointed iu 1775 to the Superintendance of the Nabob’s Household, during his Minority, and to the Administration of Criminal Justice throughout the Provinces. -From these Offices he was removed in 1778* by the Board, where I had a casting Voice, the Nabob being then 20 Years of Age. Of this Removal the Court of X)ireQors disapproved; and, against the most strenuous llemonftrances of the Nabob and all his Family, he was re-appointed in 1780, when the Nabob was 23 Years of Age. On repeated Petitions from the Nabob, I again removed Mahomed in 1781, from

being Guardian of the Minority of a Man who was then £24 Years of Age, but he was continued Chief Criminal Judge of the Provinces, and that Office he still retains. I have settled Jagheers on his Two Sons, which produce them a liberal Income. To my Justice and Impartiality Mahomed Reza Cozen has often declared he owes his Life and Honour, when the deepest Schemes iof Villainy were laid to deprive him of both. He has received many Offices of Kindness from me; and I am sure his Sentiments for me are those of Gratitude and Affection.

I hope I may be allowed to make an Observation on the Conduct of the Court of Directors, as it respefited Mahomed Reza Cawn, Nundcomar, and myself. The Gratitude which I owe to them, and the Respect which I feel for the Individual Members of that Court, is as great as can warm the Breast of any Man; yet I had substantial Cause of Complaint against them for the Return I met with for a rigid and literal Obedience to their Orders in the Instance I have quoted. I employed Nundcomar, and I prosecuted Mahomed Reza Caum. The Directors were well aware of the faithlels Character of the first, and assured me, that under no Change whatl'oever should the latter be restored to Power; yet both these Men, within Two Years of the Date of their Letter, were employed as Iostruments of Vengeance against me. The Opinions of Counfei were taken in England, whether, upon the Informations of Nundcomar, a Prosecution could not be instituted against me for Money stated to be corruptly taken; and there was a Time when I was threatened with a Prosecution by Mahomed Reza Cawn, for a rigid Obedience to the Orders of my Superiors; — and I stand here now to answer to a Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors for having obeyed these Orders. I

I have not sufficient Time left to enter minutely into the Particular's of my Defence against the Charge intruded into this Article, of insolent and oppressive Treatment of the Nabob ul and

therefore borrow the Aid of Sir John who

02

was the Resident at the Durbar, and is charged with being the Instrument of my oppressive Acts to the Nabob, to recite, as he would do upon Oath, if required, all that he knows relative to these Transactions, and his Testimony is hereto annexed. It remains for me only to premise, in a few words, that I always regarded the Nabob Mobarek ul Doivlah as being under my Protection, and myself as his Guardian; that whenever he committed such Irregularities as tended to injure either his Interest or Reputation in an essential Manner, I admo-niffied him to avoid such Excesses in future; and by gentle Persuasions, for I never used any other, I tried, and generally with Success, to wean him from his bad Habits, as I became acquainted with them.

I prevailed upon him to remove discreditable People from his Society, and I gave him the Affi fiance of Sir John D’Oyley, under my own Instructions, to make a new Arrangement and Distribution of his Expences, because they had run out beyond all Bounds; and if I had not done this, he would have been involved in Debt, his Palace would have been surrounded by clamorous Creditors, and ultimately the Demand would have been defrayed from our Treasury. I hope nothing I-have laid will appear to reflect on the young Nabob, whose Disposition is gentle and pliant, and his general Behaviour such as merits every Instance of Kindness that can be shewn him by the East India Company.

Sir John t>’Oyley's Recital

" I was appointed Resident on the Resignation of Mr. Byam Martin, in the Month of Jatmary 1780, and took Charge about the Beginning of February of the same Year.

" The Substance of the Instructions I received was to endeavour, by every Means in my Power, to conciliate the good Opinion and Regard of the Nabob and his Family, that I might be able to persuade him to adopt effectual Measures for the better Regulation of his Expences, which were understood to have greatly exceeded his Income; that I might prevent his forming improper Connections, or taking any Steps derogatory to his Rank; and by every Means in my Power support his Credit and Dignity in the Eyes of the World; and with respect to the various Branches of his Family, I was instructed to endeavour to put a Stop to the Dissentions which had too frequently prevailed amongst them. The Nabob on his Part was recommended to pay the same Attention to my Advice as he would have done to that of the Governor General in Person.

" Some Time (I think) in the Month of February of the same Year, I received a Letter from Mr.

purporting that the critical Situation of Affairs requiring the Union and utmost Exertion of every Member of the Government, to give Vigour to the Acts necessary for its Relief, he had agreed to an Accommodation with Mr. Francis; but to effect this Point, he had been under the Necessity of making some painful Sacrifices, and particularly that of the Restoration of Mahomed Reza Khan to the Office of Naib Soubah, a Measure which he knew.must be highly disagreeable to the Nabob, and which nothing but the urgent Necessity of the same should have led him to acquiesce in; that he relied on me to state all these Circumstances in the most forcible Manner to the Nabob, and to urge his Compliance, alluring him that it should not continue longer than until the next Advices were received from the Court of Directors.

" Never did I experience a more disagreeable Talk — Co reluClant was the Nabob to concur; and such Indignation did he express at being again subjected

to

s6 Geo. III. 2" Mail 731

to so disagreeable a Situation, that I more than once heard it; his Remark was, How is it possible to Tup-despaired of Success, and apprehended that he would, " pole such an Idea could ever be entertained, when ^har'es as he threatened, repair to Calcutta, and appeal Per- " I am already so much straitened by the Inadequacy

against him.

Ibnally to the Justice of the Council; and nothing, I " of my Income to my Ditburfennents, and have been am persuaded, would have induced him to acquiesce, " continually applying for Relief from my Difficulties r" but my Assurances to him, on the Part of the Governor He was so enraged at the Circumstance, as to baniffi the General, that it was only a temporary Measure, abfo- Person from his Presence.

lutely necessary for the Welfare of the State, and should " The reduced Plan of the Nabob’s Expences could be done away as soon as that Necessity was removed, never appear to disgrace him in the Eves of the The Letter, which contained the Nabob’s Acquiescence, People, as the Resident never appeared in it — no Part will prove how much he felt himself injured by it of it was fixed but with his Concurrence, and made

" Mahomed Reza Khan was accordingly re-instated public in his Name; in Fa6k it was a Plan of his in all his Offices, and the Nabob again reduced to own.

the Situation of a mere Cypher. He was then 23 " I cannot pretend to lay what might have been

Years of Age. formerly the Practice respeffcing the ifilling the Na-

" About the Month of June 1781, Mr. Hastings, bob’s Stipend; that which subsisted on my taking being then at Moorshedabad, communicated to me his Charge was this: The Resident made Application by Intention of performing his Promile to the Nabob, Writing to the Provincial Council of Revenue at by restoring him to the Management of his own Affairs; Moorshedabad, to the Collector of or who-

and at the same Time gave me Inllructions, with the ever was appointed to furnish the Supplies, for a spe-Concurrence of the Nabob, to make a minute Investiga- cific Sum, from One to Five Lacks of Rupees; when tion into the Nabob’s Accounts, and to concert with him received, it was paid to the Naib Soubah, whillt that a Plan for the Reduction of his Expences within his In- Office existed, or to the Dewan, who gave Receipts come; he also drew up certain Articles of Instruction for under his own and the Nabob’s Seal and Signature, the Nabob’s Conduct, and the Management of his which Receipts were kept as Vouchers, and to be sent Affairs. This Change was by no Means agreeable to down to the Presidency whenever the Accountant General me, as I was sensible it drew on me a great Weight called for them. I never received any Orders to send to of Responsibility, and that the Reform which I had en- the Council an Annual Account of the Particulars of the gaged to use my Endeavours to bring about, would not Nabob’s Distribution of his Stipend, nor should I have only be a laborious and arduous Undertaking, but subjeCfc thought myself authorized to have demanded such an me to the Enmity of all those who must suffer by it. Account from the Nabob. I received the Supplies in I however undertook it; and the Nabob, at my Re- gross Sums, and immediately paid the same in grufe quest, did order his Accountants to furnish me with Sums. The Resident lends down an Account current whatever Papers I should call for. These were very Monthly of the Receipts and Disbursements of his Office, voluminous, and I found, on Investigation, that his and the Receipts from the Nabob, 8£c. are the V ouchera Disbursements exceeded his Stipend about Three Lacks for the having issued it

of Rupees per Annum. I let about to form a Plan " I could have very little Occasion to correspond with of Reduction, and requested of the Nabob to do the the Nabob, when I lived within Four Miles of, his fame; and when both were finished we compared them, Palace, and let apart Two Days in the Week for and from both, by mutual Agreement, fixed all his meeting him on Business. Letters of Complaint or Expeqces on such a Footing as to come within his Inquiry I might have written to him, but I believe Income; doubtless this occasioned great Distrefe to never on Business; besides, not a Day ever passed without many, but the Nabob soon found the Benefit in being the Attendance of the Dewan.

enabled to live much better than he had ever done " The Company have received a very full and cir-before. curoftantial Account of the Situation of the Nabob s

" During the Adminrstration of Mahomed Reza Affairs, in a Letter written in the Year 1785, in Khan, it had been a constant Subject of Complaint which his Dilireffes, and the Causes of them, are par-from him, and of Representation to the Nabob from ticularly set forth. That his Distresses are great, that me, that many of those of whom he made Compa- he is burthened with an enormous Debt, and that nions were Persons neither entitled, by their Rank in not only the Mussulmans dependant on his Family,

Life, or by the Goodnels of their Characters, to such but even many of his Relations, and others of high a Distinction; and indeed they frequently led him into Rank, are reduced to a State of Indigence, is moll very improper and difcraceful Acts: Also, that many true, and calls loudly for Relief. He made repeated Europeans made it a Practice to visit the Nabob, in Applications to the Council on this Subject, and Repre-Hopes of receiving Presents from him; and to my fentations were made to the Court of Directors; but as Knowledge, several European Servants had intruded these were not attended with Success, he did, with the themselves into the Nabob’s Company as Gentlemen, Concurrence of the Governor General, determine to make and through his Ignorance had been treated as such a direct Appeal to the Company for Relief. His Repre-by him. These Circumstances I represented to the Go- fentation is now before them, and I have no Doubt they vernor General, who made it a Point with the Nabob will attend to it. to avoid it in future, by informing himself from me of the different Characters who were desirous of visiting " On the Subject of Mahomed Reza Khan.

him; to this he cheerfully agreed, and I never once.

objected to any Person, in the Character of a Gentle- " Mahomed Re%& after his Removal from

man, visiting the Nabob. He wras plealed also to remove Office, repeatedly declared to me his Satisfaction at from about his Person the other Parties complained of being relieved from a Station which was not only exThe Nabob did actually disavow and declare, ceedingly troublelbme, but to the highest Degree in-with a most solemn Oath, that he never authorized vidious, both, from the Inadequacy of the Stipend to any Person whatever to make an Offer to give up any the neceflaxy Expences, and from the numerous Part of his Stipend; and never did I fee Expression of Claimants on it» both among his own Dependants Astonishment painted in the Countenance of any Person and those of the Nabob’s Family, and who, if dilap-more fittingly than in that of the Nabob when be first pointed, took every Means in their Power, to mifre-Vou 41. prefect

L.OOQ e

MM! astin^s Ahl " cr to CharLes aguinil him.

73

>’ present his Conduct, and to impede his Measures: to which the Nabob, from a Desire to emancipate himself from a Yoke at once so galling and disgraceful, was ever ready to lend his Support: The necessary Consequence was a constant Augmentation of a Debt, commenced under his Father, and increal'ed under each of his Brothers, with which the Nabob was saddled at his Accession.

Extracts of a Letter from the Nabob Mobarek id Dozclah to the Court of Directors, written in the Year 1785.

u When, on the Accession of the Nabob Niidjum " ul Dmiah, the Sum allotted for the Expences of " the Nizamut, the Subsistence of its Dependants, and " the Support of its Splendor, was fixed at upwards " of Fifty Lacks of Rupees, and that this Decrease " from what it had been in the Time of the Nabob " my Father, and his Predecessors, occasioned such " Ruin and Distress to Multitudes in Bengal, let the " Honourable Company judge how infinitely the Distress " must have been aggravated when the Stipend was reduced to the trifling Sum of Sixteen Lacks; and to " the former established Expences were added those " of supporting all the Women, Relations, Connections,

" and Dependants of my Father and the succeeding " Nazims (which in Hindostan amount to an incredible " Number, and inconceivable Expence) and they will " then be able to form some Judgment of the present " miserable State of the Nizamut. Those who are acquainted with the Manners and Customs of different " Countries, know that most of the Mussulmans of this " Country are totally detached from Trade and Manu-' faclures, particularly those who have been in the Service " of the King or Princes of the Country, who are accustomed to consider their Offices as for Life; this " being the Cafe, it must be evident to what a State " of Dittrels all under this Predicament, with their " Families, must be reduced, from having been so :‘J many Years out of Employ, through my Inability " to retain them in Pay.

" As the Almighty delegates his Power to Princes and Magistrates for the Purpose of supporting the Needy, and for the Ease and Happiness of Mankind, " a Multitude of People in Bengal derived their Subfiiteuce from the Bounty of the Nazims, the Fame of " which brought numerous Bodies, in Expectation of a " Livelihood, from the different Parts of Hindostan, from " Persia, &c. nor were they disappointed. Tiiere are " still Thousands of thele in the utmost Distress, who look forward with Hope to the Re-establishment of " the Ease and Splendor of Nizamut through the " Liberality of the Company. In fact, innumerable " Mussulmans and olhers depend on the Nizamut for a Subsistence.

" My Requests are,

" First, That as I have now attained my Twentyeighth Year, and am perfectly competent to the " Management of piy own Affairs in the properest " Manner, my undoubted Right to be Master in my " own Family, by the Appointment and Difiniffion of " my Minister (Naib) and Servants, be acknowledged. J‘ It can never be necessary that any Interference should take place in Matters of this Kind j such Interference " has already been highly detrimental to my Affairs; " and God is my Witness that, but for the Kindness and " friendly Attention of the Governor General, and the " Measures he has taken for the Regulation of my Affairs

A. 1786.

I should at this Time have been involved ih Tenfold Debt and Distress. By Means of his Kindness, and the Assiduity of Sir John D'Oyley, my Affairs have been put in such a Train as to enable me to expect your Determination. My Obligations to the Governor General are boundless: Were I to write Volumes on the Subject, I could never sufficiently express my Gratitude: The Virtues which adorn his Character are precious Gifts of the Almighty to the People of Hindostan, and ensure to them the Enjoyment of Comfort and Ease. — That God may preserv his Life and Power, and long continue him in the Government of this Country, is not my Wish alone, but that of the whole People.

" Although the great Respect shewn me by the Governor General on every Occasion calls for my warmest Gratitude, and God is my Witness that I am so perfectly content therewith, that had I a Thousand Tongues I should fail in the Praises justly due to his Virtues, yet, as such Qualities are rarely found, the Consideration of the future leads me to request you will direct that the Forms of Respect due to my Rank may be invariably observed."

<Sfc. <§pc. <§-c. #c.

Answer to the Twentieth Charge.

Maratta War, and Peace.

Tins and the following Charge I had no Opportunity of perusing until my Return last Night from this Honourable House; it will not, therefore, be expected that my Answer to each should be long; in Truth, the Subjects do not require a long Defence. — I affirm that I was not the Author of the Maratta War; and, if this Honourable House shall adopt the Charge, I will bring undoubted Proofs of the Truth of my Assertion. — I affirm, that every Step which I took in the Year 1778, from January to December, was regularly communicated to His Majesty's Minister, with whom I thought it my Duty to communicate on so momentous a Subject, enjoying, as I did, my Office under a Parliamentary Appointment. — I affirm that I bad not the most distant Idea of in* volving this Nation, or my Employers, the East India Company, in a War with France or the Mar alias; that every Measure I purlued had for its Object the Defence of the Company’s Possessions against the combined Attacks of the French and the The

Grounds which I had to expect these Attacks are such as I am sure this Honourable House will perceive to have been so strong as to justify me in every Measure I adopted: These I shall produce, if the Charge is entertained, unless their Production should be deemed dangerous to the National Interests. — I affirm, that the Court of Directors, with the Approbation of His Majesty’s Mini tiers, approved of my Conduct in forming a Detachment for the "Defence of our Possessions in the West of India. — I affirm, that when I proposed to change the Destination of this Detachment, and to form an Alliance with the Rajah of Bcrar, it was not to pursue Schemes of Conquest, but to defend the British Empire in India from the Dangers with which it was threatened by the War with France, of which we had then received Intelligence. — I affirm, that I bad received from Mr. Elliott a very particular Relation of the Steps which France meant to pursue at the Commencement of the War, and that Mr. Elliott's Information came-from the most respectable Authority in Europe; that it was confirmed to me beyond a Doubt by the Reception of a Dench Minister at the Court of Poona, and

InteJigence

2° Mail.

« u

tt

a

tt tt it it

u

tt tt tt tt tt

tt t( it tt

a

tt tt tt

733

26 Geo. III. 2° — 30 Man.

Intelligence of the raoft exact Coincidence with his from Poona. — I affirm again, that I was not the Author of the MarattaWar; that the Truth of this Assertion has been proved again and again. — But I affirm, that the Merit of the Marat ta Peace is my own j that it was concluded under greater Difficulties than anyMinister, at any Period of Time, in any Nation, has had to contend with; tlmt every possible Obstruction was thrown in the Way of the Negociation for Peace, by the Advices which every Dispatch brought from England: These diminished my Authority, and announced my Difiniffion from the Service. Every Man in England, who spoke on the Subject of our desperate Situation in India, declared, as I have been informed, that Peace upon any Terms was desirable, and that no Peace could be a bad one. — I affirm, that under all these Disadvantages, the Peace concluded by Mr. David Anderson, under my Instructions, was honourable and advantageous in the highest Degree to this Nation and the East India Company; that it has now been ratified above Three Years; that it has never been infringed in a Angle Article by either Party; and that it promises to be lading. I have received the unanimous Thanks of the Directors, and the Thanks of the Proprietors, with One difienting V oice only amongst the latter, for effecting this important Service to my Country and the Company; nor did 1 believe, till I read it in the Charge, that a single Person in Europe, or in India, could have ltyled the Peace ignominious or dif-honourable. My whole Correspondence with Mr. Anderson, and his Letters to me, are at the India House; to those Letters I refer, and rest my Defence on the Evidence they contain.

Answer to the Twenty-first Charge.

Suppression of Correspondence.

This is a Charge for the Suppression of Correspondence with the Princes and Country Powers of India: I shall reserve my Reply till the Instances are stated in which I have suppressed Correspondence; denying for the present, as I solemnly do, that I had any improper or dangerous Practices of any Kind to cover or conceal from my Council, the Court of Directors, or the British Nation.

Ordered, That such a Number of Gopies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Gov. Gen. of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and India. Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the* East India Company, to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.'

Charges The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

against resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Mr. Hastings. coni^(jer of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Ordered, That the Minutes which were this Day delivered in to the House by the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Me. Sf.John took the Chair of the Committee.

Fop. 41.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. To-morrow- Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered I'ersons to to attend the said Committee this Day (except Sir Robert attfcnd-Barker) do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hause will. Tomorrow Morning, Public resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Annuities, the Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3° die Mail Anno 26° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

MR. Ik ilbcrforce reported from the Committee, to Selby,

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ap- oa pointed for the Care of the Road from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, in the said Riding, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Hie Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

1 o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " A.n d\€t for explaining " and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " the repairing, and enlarging the Roads from the Town " of Selbu, in the West Riding of the County of York,

" to the Town of Leeds; and from thence in Two several " Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the " other through Bawling and fVibsey, to the Town of " Halifax, in the same Riding, as relates to that Part " of the said Roads which Vies between and;

" and alfe for repairing the Road from in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, through " Kidhall Lane, over J Fin Moor, and through " to a Place called Hallon Dyal, where it comes into " the aforesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds," was read: And,

Mr. Josnes Hcbdin being examined, said. That the Trustees for the E>iv*fion of the Road between Leeds and Selby have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in amending said Division of Road, and cannot be repaid unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged with respe^ft to the said Road, and feme further Powers

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the

9 A Twenty

734 3 9 MailA.\i%6.

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The ’ I.ords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all’o impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of I Yales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl,

and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal.

An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, Ash next Sand-

wich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneslone next Wing-ham, Chillenden, Nonrungton, Woodnesborough otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word other wise Worth, Limestone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickham-breux, in the County of Kent.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, within the same; and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Shire Hall " and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town " of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other " Purposes therein mentioned."

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of WilderS'pool Causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester.

An Act for continuing and amending an A of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of The Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, £nd from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of f*

much of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bazotry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to " Hainton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North " Willingham to the North Ead of the Lane betwixt

Dexthorpe and Langton-, and from West Raisin to " Pilford Bridge; and from the great Road near Bishop " Bridge to Bishop Norton Cand from the " Hamlet of Morton to Epworth-, and from Haxey " Field to the Trent, at Kirmald Ferry, in the said " County of Lincoln,'' as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter’s, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert

Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and PariQi Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate, belonging to the said Vicarage.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich and Southwingfield, in the County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, HursbournPryors, and in the County of Southampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks.

An Act for dividing and inc'ofing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harrington, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and render- Coventry ing effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the CamJ-Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry to Fradley Heath, in the county of ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. I. 39. To leave out from " receive’’ to " and" in Pr. 5. 1.1.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to compleat the said Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Sampson Gideon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

t«

a6 Geo. III. j- Mm. 735

'SAipping u4 to resolve itfblf into a Committee of the whole House, Navigation. 0^0 the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Romford An ingrossed Bill for providing a proper Work-

Workhouse. house, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the ParHh of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bristol Bridge A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

and Street*, thereunto fubl’cribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Citizens and Inhabitants of, and Traders to, the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was passed for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and for erecting a Temporary Bridge adjoining, and for other Purposes therein expressed, and for appointing certain Trullees therein named for carrying the same into Execution, with Powers to collect certain Tolls, Rates, and Duties; and the Powers of such Act, as far as the Trustees thought necessary, have been by them carried into Execution, in Consequence whereof, the Petitioners are informed, they incurred a Debt of 49,000l. and upwards; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that the said Tolls, Rates, and Duties, together with certain Ground Rents arising from Overplus Ground in the Act mentioned, do amount, upon an Average, to about 3,400l. per Annum, which Income 'has continued and been collected for Twenty-five Years, or upwards, and, the Petitioners therefore conceive, that if the whole of the said Income of 3,400 /. per Annum had been judiciously and properly managed from Time to Time, as received, that the enormous Debt of 23,750 /. which now remains due, dould not, at this Time, have existed; and that the Petitioners urtderstand that the said Trustees have made Application to the House for another Act, as well to enlarge the Power# given them by the said above Act, as to open a hew Street or Streets, which by Computation, will incur a further Debt of 8,000l. or 10,000l. and that they are pursuing such Application, notwithstanding it meets the general Difepprobation of the Petitioners, and their Fellow Citizens; and Alledging, That the Tolls, Rates, and Duties above-mentioned fell very heavy upon the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and is detrimental to such Trade and Commerce, and the Petitioners are fully convinced that any Bill or Bills, nting the said Trustees Powers to create any further bt or Debts, will be materially injurious to them, and to the general Trade of the City, and that, instead of adding to the present subsisting enormous Debt, every Exertion ought to be made to discharge the same, that the Burthens complained of may be taken off: And therefore praying, That, for the Reasons above stated, the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against fudi Bill or Bills passing into a Law, or that the House will grant them such other Relief as to the House tliall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom

Vol.41.

the Petition of the several Persons, Inhabitants, and Cheltenham Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the Town of Chel- Street*. tenham, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the JVlatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Ttmbrell being examined, said. That the Town of Cheltenham is greatly relorted to on Account of its Medicinal Waters — That the Foot Ways and Passages in the Town, though in fbme Parts paved, are in general only pitched with rough and irregular Stones, which renders them very incommodious to Passengers — That there are certain very old Buildings which project into the Middle of the Town, thereby making both the Foot Way and Carriage Way narrow and incommodious —

That it would be more agreeable to the Company referring to the Town, and for the Advantage and Convenience of the Inhabitants, and the Public in general, if the Pavement was compleated, and formed in a regular Manner, the said Town cleanled and lighted, the said old Buildings taken down, and the Ground whereon they stand laid open, and other Obltmftions, Nuifences, and Encroachments, were removed, and prevented for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Foot Ways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuifences, and Annoyances: And that Mr.

Master and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the M°°r Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 25. Leave out " Tenth," and insert

_ . ' " Eighth."

Pr. 6. 1. 28. Leave out Fifteenth," and insert

" First," and in the same Line leave out " May," and insert " June."

Pr. 7. 1. 37 Leave out " Fifteenth," and insert

& V " First," and in Line 38 leave

38.) out " May," and insert "

Pr. 16. 1. 29. Leave out " Tenth," and inlevt

" Eighth."

P. 17. 37. After "Cottages" insert " or Scites

" thereof."

And the House beum informed that the several Parties interested in the Bn\ had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of John March, of Warcsley Park, in the Thringrton* County of Huntingdon, Esquire, and of Thomas March,

of

fcL. ’

Go

The Clink Paving, &c.

3° Mali. A. 1786.

of Moore Critchell, in the County of Esquire,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from 7 Tiringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Canal Navigation at or near Loughborough, to or near the ltiver Soar, at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, of to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near, both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Limestone to the said Canal and Navigation; and Setting forth; That the Petitioners are entitled next in Remainder after the Decease of Dame Mary Gordon, the Wife of Sir William Gordon, Knight of the Bath, to divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Garenton, Shepshead, Gracedieu, Thorpe Acre, Thring-stone, and other Places, in the County of Leicester, through the Center of which Estate the said Canal is intended to be made, for an Extent of upwards of Two Miles, by which the same will in many ReipeCbi, be most essentially injured, and that there are likewise Two valuable Mills on the said Estate, which, if such Canal should be made, would be rendered of little or no Ule, by their Supply of Water being diverted to the Purposes of the said Canal; and that it is also proposed to make a Reservoir for the Use of the said Canal upon Charnwood Forest, whereby the Mansion House and Park of Garenton will be deprived of the necessary Supply of Water, and thereby rendered unfit for the residence of the present and future Possessors of the said Estates: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Joseph Mazcbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants within The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Stephen Lowdell, Esquire, being examined, said, That a Lane within the said Liberty, called Lane, leading from Park Street, towards Blackfriars Bridge, is at the Entrance next Park Street very narrow, and the Houses on the South Side thereof in Ghbe Alley, close behind them, are very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers — That in order to make the Entrance of the said Lane safe end commodious, it will be necessary to take off Part of the Coal Yard, and Part of the Warehouses, belonging to Messrs. Barclay and Perkins, and to take down the Houses on the South Side of the said Lane as far as the Royal Oak Alehouse inclusive, in order to set them back a proper Distance, and to take down all the Houses in Globe Alley, and to shut up the said Alley.

That a Carriage Way from the Middle of the said Lane called Maid Lane, to the Street called Bankside,

would be of great public Utility; and that in order to make such Carriage Way, it is necessary to take in Part of a vacant Piece of Ground called The Pond Yard, and to take down Two ruinous Timber Houses on the Bankside.

And being further examined, he said, That there is in Clink Street, within the said Liberty, a Stairs or Plying Place for W'atermen, called Saint Mary Overy’s Stairs, at the End of a long, dark, incommodious Passage —

That the said Stairs are very little used except for the Landing of smuggled Goods in the Night; and the Avenues thereto are lurking Places for Thieves and Robbers, and are otherways a great Nuisance, which might be prevented if Power was given to (hut up the said Passage in the Night Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within The Clink, or Bishop of Winchesters Liberty, in the Parish of Saviour, Southuark, in the County of Surrey, for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Ftying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark, to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, and also Foul Lane, leading from the High Street in the said Borough towards the said Parish Church and the Public Market, and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, in the said Liberty, is committed, That they have Pow'er to make Provision in the said Bill for widening a certain Lane called Maid Lane, leading from Park Street towards Blackfriars Bridge, and for taking down all the Houses in Globe Alley, and shutting up the said Alley; for making a Carriage Way from the Middle of the said Lane to the Street called Bank Side, and for (hutting up in the Night-time the Passage leading to a Plying Place for Watermen, called Saint Mary Overy's.

Stairs, within the said Liberty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies ®rdn"fe of all Orders relative to the Proposals made by the ranPorts* Superintendant of the Ordnance Transports, that have been given, from the ill of November 1783 to the 30th of March 1784, by the Master General or Board of Ordnance to the respective Officers at Chatham and Sheerness; and that Copies of the Correspondence with the respective Officers at Plymouth and Portsmouth, relative to the Shipping employed at those Places, be likewise laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an First Fruits, Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Firfit &c.

Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco in the Duties on Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow: And also, Tobacco.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco in the

of Aberdeen;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced, from well-founded Experience, of the Inefficacy of the late Tobacco Law enacted for the Purpose of curbing illicit Trade, protecting the fair Dealer, and securing his Majesty’s Revenue in that very valuable Branch of the Customs; and Representing to the House, That, so far as the Operation of those new Regulations has Come within the Sphere of the Petitioners Knowledge, it is their firm Opinion, that, so far from preventing the Evil for which the said Law was intended as a Remedy, it

has

26 Geo. Ill- 3° Mai 737

ha9 had a contrary Effect, and they are clearly of Opinion, that Three-fourths of the Confutnp-tion of Scotland at large (and more particularly of Aberdeen, and the Counties to the Northward thereof) is, at this Moment, supplied with Smuggled Tobacco, and at a Price not exceedingTeu Pence toThirteen Pence per Pound, thefairTrader therefore, whose Inclination leads him to contribute towards the Support and increase of His Majesty’s Revenue, is undersold in every Quarter, and Ruin itares him in the Face , and that, in the Petitioners Opinion, there is no Mode of Regulations, however strict, that cannot, and will not, be evaded by Men of desperate Fortunes, who, from the Magnitude of the Temptation, will risque every Penalty attending Detection, and they therefore request the House, that a considerable Reduction of Duty (which in many recent Instances has been attended with very salutary Effects) may likewise be put in Practice with respect to Tobacco, and, the Petitioners call upon the Wisdom, the Justice, and the Humanity of Parliament, not to suffer an Industrious and useful Body of Men to -be borne down by the Force of illicit Trade: And therefore praying. That the House will grant them such Relief as to the I louse shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Scotch Lords The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the of Session, House, according to Order, a Bill for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coromiflaries The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the mi Edinburgh House, pursuant to their Order,

Sees,*c. An Account of the Fees and Perquisites received by the Commifi'aries of Edinburgh.

And the Title of the (kid Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

dTarlifle A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the Persons entitled to vote for Members or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City conlift only in Freemen of the said City, who are admitted Brothers of One of the Eight Guilds, or Fraternities, belonging to the said City, and derive such Right by Birth or Servitude; and that the Number of such Freemen, at any One Period of Time, never amounted to 750, and Persons not so entitled, or admitted, as aforesaid, have no Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, between the Months of September 1784 and February 17 & 5> in the Mayoralty of Jeremiah Wherlings, he was induced to admit to the Freedom of the said City upwards of 1,400 Persons of various Descriptions, nearly the Whole of whom were entirely unconnected with, and unknown in, the City of Carlisle, and not admitted Brothers of any of the said Guilds or Fraternities; and that, at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, John Lowther, Esquire, Vol. 41.

and ^John Christian, Esquire, were Candidates, and, at

the fs=»»d Election, upwards of 420 Freemen, entitled to tb«^>r Franchises by Birth or Servitude, and admitted Brothers of the said Guilds, polled for John Christian, and *"»ot more tbau 104 for John Lowther, but that up-ivarcl s of 460 of such Persons before described, and lo admitted to the Freedom of the said City, by the said Jeremiah JFher lings as aforesaid, and not entitled to their ' Freedom by Birth or Servitude, and not admitted of any of the said Guilds or Fraternities, were permitted to poll for the said John Lawthet', who was thereupon returned, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and that the said John Christian ought to have been returned the Member for the said City: And therefore praying for Redrels on this Occasion, and that the House will adopt such Measures as may hereafter secure to the Petitioners their undoubted Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 18th Day of this Infiant May, at the same Time that the Petition of John Christian, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mqrrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which Refined was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the Su8*r* whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Exportation of British refined Sugar to the Isle of'

Man, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Exportation of British refined

" Sugar to the Isle of Man be limited."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to

9 B explain

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Public

Annuities.

Supply.

Offences committed in the £. Indies.

738

3*-

Maii.

A. 178

explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Allowances " for Waste on Salt, and Rock Salt; for regulating tl»e " Exportation of Salt to Je, Alderney, " and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the Ule " of foul Salt for Manure only; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salta;

" for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in " Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from " the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on " Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been " guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the " Duties on Salt;" and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man,

" and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there " with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

" Meal, and Flour, authorized, by an Act, made in " this Session, to be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as euables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation and Management " of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of " the British Possessions in India, and for establishing " a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual

03

m

" Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed " The East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resortingto The East Indies; and, for the more easy Proof in certain Cafes of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Mulgrave, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Criminals in Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of aq Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for more " effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing " the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," as relates to assessing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland towards defraying the Expence of prosecuting Criminals;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker, resumed the Ciiair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which (hey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles Mr.'tMing*. of Charge of High Crimes and Mifoemeanors, against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of

Bengal-,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persons w to attend the said Committee this Day (except Colonel attend* Champion) do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aborning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii 1II, H Regis, 1786.

Prate as.

MR. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Brimingtoo, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of &c. Roads, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " ington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over " The High Moors, to the several Places therein

" mentioned,"

Mta.{

s6 Geo. 111.

4° Mail.

739

Aftun

AbUtta

lucloiure.

ft mentioned," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone ' through the Bill,- and made several Amendments there- ' unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of other wise Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop, was mad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Kyna do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'Westminster

X’uving.

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for

port*t,on; and for destroying all Home-made and 1‘ Fore^ ?n Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and ;t for vr^sting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within '* the J — ands of Ferentosk, in the County of Inverness',

" and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " the ZVcst Indies;" and in what Manner such Spirits have t>cen disposed of.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be p>erufecl by the Members of the House.

-The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Newfound-the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the , and . Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adja- 1 ohenes. cent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a Time to be limited, on certain Terms and Conditions, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 30. After " mentioned " to insert " except " such, the Distribution whereof s " otherwise directed by this AQ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put

impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was

the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and light- amended at the Table accordingly.

ing the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the

coiled; certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries

therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes. carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from

of the said Acts, was committed; and who were in- Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in

strufted to make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time,

the Powers of the said Act, by applying a certain Sum, on certain Terms and Conditions.

out of the Produce of the Tolls to be levied by virtue Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

of the said Act, for the Purpose of making good the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

Deficiency of the Fund arising from the Money payable

Scotland — Spirits seized,

by the Kensington Trust, and applicable to the paving, cleansing, and lighting certain Parts of the said City and Liberty of Westminster; That the Committee had made Provision accordingly, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according Offence* to Order, a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trial committed in of Persons accused of, certain Offences committed in tfee E*Indie*. The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of the East Indict " Company, and of the British Poflessions in,

" and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Perfbus accused of " Offences committed in The East ," as requires

nno/;nn roii,. rnj the Servants of the East India Company to deliver In-

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the vpntnl.ipa nf and Fflfert/. w the

House.

Ordered,

ingossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Arrack and Rum, and all Homemade and Foreign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits, of what Kind soever, which have been seized and condemned since the passing the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to

It 1 C* A. A*. lsmtSnsl SVkA

ventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to The East Indies; and, for the more easy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious.Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more easy Recovery of Small Tythes, which, discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the was, upon Thursday the 23d Day of February last, reaft " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Con- the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, " fumption, and for granting and securing the due Pay- is not prepared in a proper Manner to answer the Pur — " ment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the poses thereby intended;

" better Regulation of the making and vending British Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the feud " Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Ex- Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Vo l. 41. Ordered,

Ecclesiastical Courts.

Ecclesiastical Courts.

Criminals in Scotland.

Welford

Bridge

Road.

British

Fisheries.

740 4 Mail.A. 1786.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard and Mr. Rode do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more eaty Recovery of Small Tydies: And the same was received; and reay the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for more effectual disarming the " Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called " land, and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet " of that Part of the Kingdom," as relates to assessing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, towards defraying the Expence of prosecuting Criminals, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of Supply in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be permitted to a fiefs the Heritors of the respective Shires or Stewartries in the Sum of Ten Pence Sterling on each One hundred Pounds Scotts, of valued Rent, or fuel) further Sum as shall be found necessary, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, to be applied for the Purpose of defraying the Charges of apprehending, subsisting, and prosecuting Criminals in their respective Counties and Stewartries.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Archibald Edmonstone, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Sir Adam Fergusson, do prepare, and bring iir, the fame.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from fVelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, and to report the same from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to several

Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read -, and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty which was granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, and which will expire at the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, should not be renewed; but that, in the Place thereof, there should be given on every Decked Vessel, of not leis than Fifteen Tons Burthen, employed in the Herring Fishery, and fitted out and navigated according to Law, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton; and that, on such Herrings as shall be landed from any such Vessel during any One Year, there should be paid a Bounty, after the Rate of Four Shillings for every Barrel of Herrings twice packed and completely cured; provided always, that if the Number of Barrels of Herrings imported in such Vessel shall, in any One Year, exceed the Proportion of Two Barrels and a Half of Herrings, lb packed and cured, for every Ton of the Vefiers Burthen, which, upon an Average of the last Twenty Years, is supposed to have been the Quantity of Herrings Annually caught, there shall be paid, on every Barrel so exceeding the said Proportion, a Bounty of no more than One Shilling, which Inland Bounties of Four Shillings and One Shilling, as the same may be, should be exclusive of the Bounty granted on all Herrings exported, so that, if the industry and Success of the Owner should not be leis than it has been upon an Average of the last Twenty Years, the Bounty he will receive will not be left than at present, and, should his industry and Success be greater than before, he will receive on additional Reward.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds, the Quantity of Herrings, in any Cargo entitled to the Bounty, should be computed at the Time of their being unshipped, while they are in the State in which they are denominated Sea Sticks, or Herrings not re-packed: and that Four Barrels of Herrings in that State should be considered as equivalent to Three Barrels of Herrings packed a Second Time.

Resolved, That, for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea Fishery on the North and North Eall Coalts of the Island, it may, in the Opinion of the Committee, be expedient that Premiums, of which the Total Amount in any One Year shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Guineas, should, for a Time to be limited, be paid, at the End of each Season, to the Four Vessels that shall have taken, in the Course of that Season, in the aforesaid Fishery, the greatest Quantity of Herrings.

Resolved, That, in the Opinion of this Committee, it is highly expedient, as well for the Purpose of encouraging the Fisheries by an Extension of the Market, as for that of providing a cheap and wholesome Article of Food for the Support of the Poor, that all Duties at this Time payable by Law on such Herrings, Cod, Ling, and Salmon, or other Fish, caught and cured by British Subjects, as are removed for Home Consumption, should cease and determine.

Resolved, That, as it appears by Evidence, contained in a Report presented to the House on the 14th Day of July last, and referred to this Committee, that the Distinction between Haberdine Cod and Cod not Haberdine is useless, inasmuch as little less than the whole Quantity of Dried Cod exported during the last Thirty Years has been shipped as Haberdine; and, as it also appears, by Evidence contained in the said Report, that the Value of Cod, in feme of the

Foreign

i6 Geo. 111.

foreign Markets, is much diminHhed by that Degree of Dryness which is denominated Haberdine, and on which the highest Bounty is now payable by Law, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Distinction of Haberdine and not Haberdine, in the Cure of Cod, ought to be abolished, and that the Bounty of Three Shillings per Hundred Weight, at present payable on British Haberdine Cod exported, should be paid on all British Cod exported, whether Haberdine or not.

Resolved, That, in the Opinion of this Committee, it is highly requisite, that, on all Barrels and Calks in which any Fish whatever (Frefli Fish excepted) shall be packed, either for Exportation or Home Consumption, the respective Names of the Curers should be marked in conspicuous and permanent Characters; and that the Staves of all Barrels, in which White Herrings shall be packed for Exportation, should not be of a less Thickness, at the Bulge, than Half an Inch; and that all such Barrels should be full Bound.

Resolved, That, as it appears to tins Committee, that, by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of " for the curing of Fish taken at the North Seas or at " Ireland and also by an Act passed in the Twenty-

fifth Year of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the further Encouragement of the British Fifeeries," the Use of Salt Duty-free, for the Cure of such Cod, Ling, and Hake as are taken in the North Sea, is expressly allowed, whether such Fife shall be exported or fold for Home Consumption, which Privilege is accompanied by an express Declaration, that the Cod, Ling, and Hake, so cured, feall he entitled to a Bounty on Exportation: And as it also appears to this Committee, that, by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fifeery in " Foreign Parts, and better securing the Duties on Salt," and also, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Fifeeries in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland," (which last

Acts, the Committee apprehend, relate to the Home Fifeeries alone) the Use of Salt Duty-free is allowed for the Cure of such Cod, Ling, or Hake only, as shall be cured for Exportation, a Restriction that is accompanied however by the Privilege of a Bounty on the Fife so exported: And as it further appears to this Committee, that Doubts have arisen how far the Seas between the North-East Parts of Great Britain and the opposite Coasts of the Continent of Europe are to be considered as included within the Limits of the North Sea, in consequence of which Doubts, Vessels failing for the same , Sea, and employed on the same Banks in taking the same Fife, are often fitted out under different Regulations, by which they are subjected to different Restrictions, and entitled to different Privileges, this Committee are of Opinion, that, for the Purpose of giving uniformity to the Law', and Relief from Doubt to the Subject, it is highly expedient, that the Boundary of the North Sea should be clearly ascertained, and expressly declared, by the Legislature.

Resolved, That the Committee are of Opinion, That, for the Encouragement of the Fifeeries, the Right of exercising any Trade, or Calling, in any City, Town, or Borough, in the Kingdom, should be extended to all such Persons as feall follow, for the Space of Seven successive Years, the Occupation of a Seaman, or Fifeerman, on Board of any Vessel, or Vessels, employed in any of the Fifeeries of Great Britain.

Resolved, That, as it appears by Evidence contained in the Report referred to this Committee, that the several Vo l. 41.

74*

Laws hich prohibit the Importation offrefe Fife taken by Foreigners, have proved ineffectual, it is, in the Opini^on of this Committee, highly expedient, that such furthe Regulations should be adopted, as may prevent the Continuance of an Abuse so injurious to the Fifeeries, and so obvioufiy detrimental to the Naval Interests of the K.ingd ora.

Received, That, in the Opinion of this Committee, it is higrJhly expedient, that Red Herrings, and all other Fish, on which, if cured in England, and exported from England, or if cured in Scotland, and exported from Scotland, a Bounty is payable by Law', should also be entitled to that Bounty if cured in England, and exported from Scotland or if cured in Scotland and exported from England.

Resolved, That, in the Opinion of this Committee, it is of the utmost Importance, that such Fish Curers as feall receive into their own Custody, for the Purpose of preserving Fish, Salt of British Manufacture, should not be required to give any other Security respecting the said Salt than their own Bonds, justly aiyl truly to account for the fame; and that Credit for such Quantities of the said Salt as feall have been used, and duly accounted for, should Annually be given by the proper Officer on the Back of the said Bond, and that such Bond should continue in Force till a proper Account -feall have been rendered of the Whole of the Salt specified therein, or the Duty shall be paid on the Deficiency.

Resolved, That, in the Opinion of this Committee, all Bonds, or other Securities, demandable from the Takers or Curers of Fife, or from the Matters or Owners of Boats employed in the Fisheries, or in the Exportation of Fife, or in the Conveyance of the same from onq British Port to another, should be written on unstamped Paper.

Resolved, That, as the Report referred to this Committee contains the strongest Evidence of the pernicious Effects which the Fees, or other Perquisites, of the Customhouse Officers, especially in Scotland, have produced on the Fifeeries of the Kingdom, and as the Requisition of such Fees, however lanftioned by long Usage, appears by the Orders of Parliament, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared Intention of the Legislature, this Committee are of Opinion, that no Officer should be permitted to ask, or accept of any Fee, or other Perquisite, for or on Account of any Transaction relative to any Vessel, or Boat, employed in the Fifeeries, or in the Transportation, from one Place to another, of Fife, or of Salt for the Use of the Fifeeries, or for or on Account of the Payment of any Bounty or Debenture on Fife, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, treble the Value of the Sum received, together with Costs of Suit, and of being ipso facto, discharged, and rendered incapable of serving His Majesty in any Civil Office in future; the Committee at the same Time indulging an earnest Hope, that the Benevolence of the Legislature will induce them to make Compensation to the Officers for the Abolition of their Fees, especially as at present their Salaries are such, that the Fees they are accustomed to take, heavy and oppressive as they are to the Fifeer-men, are, in many Instances, absolutely requisite for the creditable Subsistence of the Officer.

Resolved, That, as the Value of the Privilege of Curing Fish with Salt of British Manufacture, Duty-free, is much diminifeed in Scotland, by the Provision of the Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, that such Salt shall be taken from the Salt Works of that Part of the Island, it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Fife Curers in every Part of Great Britain, so far as they are allowed by Law to employ in the Cure of Fish Home-manufactured Salt^ Duty-free, should be permitted

4° Mail-

Britishi

Fisheries.

742 4° M 1786*

British to take the said Salt from any of the Salt Works within Filberte$. ^he said Kingdom.

Resolved, That, as the opening a Communication between Lock Gilp and Lock by a Navigable Canal

across the Peninftila of Cantyre in would

prevent the Necessity of a Voyage of more than One hundred Miles in a very dangerous Sea, and greatly promote the Fisheries and Commerce of the North-Western Coasts of the I (land, and as it appears, by actual Survey, that the said Communication may be effefited at a moderate Expence, it is, in the Opinion of this Committee, extremely desirable that such Persons as are willing to perform, at their own Cost, a Work so useful to the Public, should receive all reasonable Encouragement.

Resolved, That, as the Business of the Fisheries can only be carried on to Advantage by the joint Labour of many Individuals, aided by the Skill of several distinct Classes of Manufacturers, and, as the Establishment of Villages, or Towns, in certain Situations on the Northern and Western ^Coasts of Scotland, would not only furnish the Means of that Co-operation and mutual Assistance, but would likewise afford a Market for (bme Part of the Produce of the Fisheries, and much facilitate the Conveyance of the Remainder, whether fold for Consumption in the Inland Country, or for Exportation to Foreign Parts, it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the liberal Disposition which appears in many public-spirited Proprietors of Land upon those Coasts, as well as in many respectable Individuals in the Southern Parts of the Kingdom, for the Establishment of such Villages and Towns, deserves the highest Encouragement.

Resolved, That, in order to encourage the forming by Subscription a Fund for the Establishment of such Villages and Towns, it is, in the Opinion of this Committee, highly expedient that the Subscribers should, by Act of Parliament, be declared to be a Joint Stock Company,

♦ that Power to appoint Agents for the Management of

their Business should be given them, and that the Members should be expressly exempted from a greater Extent of Responsibility than that of the original Sum w’hich each shall respectively subscribe; that the Fund should be declared to be applicable to no other Use but that of tenting or purchasing Lands, and that of erecting, by Contract, Houses and other necessary Buildings; that the Company should be impowered to let, or transfer in Perpetuity, such Parcels of their Land as Individuals, with a View of building at their own Expence, may be inclined to hire or to purchase; that the Company should be restrained from engaging as a Corporation in any Trade, as well as from issuing Notes payable to the Bearer, or other Species of circulating Security; and that, in order to prevent excessive and pernicious Fluctuations in the Value of their Stock, the Act should declare, that, during the Space of the first Five Years of the Company’s EllabiHhment, no Member shall dispose of his Stock in any other Way than that of Gift or Bequest.

Biitiih Resolved, That, for the Encouragement of such Fish-

Fisharie*. ermen, Manufacturers, and others, as shall become Householders in the said Villages and Towns, it may, in the Opinion of the Committee, be advisable to declare, that the Householders in each of the said Villages or Towns, as soon as their Number in such Town or Village shall amount to or exceed Fifty, shall have a Right Annually to choose from among their own Body certain Magistrates, who shall have the same Powers, for the Government of such Town or Village, as the Magistrates of Royal Burghs in North Britain are now, by Law, entitled to exercise; provided, however, that no separate or exclusive Corporation shall be erected within such Town or Village, nor Mqqey be exacted to entitle

any Person to his Freedom, or to the Privilege of exercising any Profession, or of carrying on any Trade, Business, or Employment in the said Village or Town; and provided also, that no private Rights or Jurisdictions, already subsisting, shall be infringed.

Resolved, That, for the further Encouragement of the said Villages and Towns, as well as for the more effectual Extension of Commerce, it may, in the Judgment of the Committee be expedient that, in every Village or Town of the Description aforesaid, in which the Householders, from their Number, shall be entitled to eleCfc Magistrates, a Poll Office and Custom House should, with all convenient Dispatch, be established.

Resolved, That, as Licences, imposing a heavy Tax on the Exercise of certain necessary Trades, are peculiarly unfavourable to the Establishment of Towns in the remote and unimproved DistriCfcs of the Kingdom, and as the Law, which declares that the different Branches of the Tannery shall not be carried on by one and the same Person, must be injurious to Infant Settlements, in which the Division of Labour that takes Place in more extended Societies is neither practised nor known, it may, in the Opinion of the Committee, be expedient that, in all such Villages or Towns as shall be erected in any Part of the Coast, from the Mull of Kyntire to the Murray Firth, the same Person should be allowed to carry on, at the same Time, the several Branches of the Tannery Business, and that the Inhabitants should, for the Space of Seven Years, have Periniffion to exercise the Trades of a Common Brewer, Maltster, Candle-maker, Tanner, Tawer, Dresser of Hides in Oil, or Currier, on Condition that every Person who shall fb carry on any of the said Trades, shall Annually pay, by Way of Licence, the Sum of One Shilling; provided always, that no Person should be entitled to that Indulgence who shall make, in any One Year, more than 1000 Barrels of Beer, or more than 200 Quarters of Malt.

Resolved, That as, by the Duty on Coal carried Coast-ways, the Inhabitants of many of the Districts of Scotland are deprived of the Benefit which the Abundance of this Article in the neighbouring Distri&s would otherwise afford, it would, in the Opinion of this Committee, be highly expedient that the Inhabitants of those Distri&s in Scotland, in which the said Duty is paid, should for

a Term of Years, be permitted Annually to raise, by Assessment or other Mode of Commutation, a Sum equal to that which, on an Average of the last Five Years, those Districts have Annually contributed to the said Duty, and should, on that Condition, be liberated from this burthensome Impost.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the Two Whale Fishing Companies British of Montrose, was presented to the House, and read; Fiihtriw. Setting forth, That with a View to promote the Interest of the Country, and at the same Time, upon the Faith of the Continuance of the present Bounty of Forty Shillings Sterling per Ton, allowed by Government upon Vessels fitted out and employed in the Whale Fishing, the Petitioners were induced to embark in that Trade, and fit out Vessels at a very considerable Expence; and that the Petitioners now understand a Bill is to be brought into Parliament for reducing the Bounty, and they apprehend, such a

Measure,

26 Geo. III. 40 Mail.

743

Measure, at this Period, when the Fisheries of this j^^obed. That is the Opinion of this Committee, Country rather require die (ottering Aid of Govern- That Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign

ment, will prove detrimental to die Interest of the of hi» ^ate Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

Public, as well as to the Petitioners, and other In- " Ar» Act for granting an Allowance upon the Ex-

dividuals engaged in the Trade: And therefore praying, " posr tation of marie Gunpowder," which was

That the House will take this Matter under Consideration, to ci» aitinue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th

and continue the present Bounty on the \V hale FiCUing, Day of June 1731, and from thence to the End of

which the Petitioners consider as essentially necessary to the t tien next Session of Parliament, and which, by the Existence of that valuable Branch of Trade. (eversa.1 subsequent Acts, made in the Tenth, Sixteenth,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tweraty-fourth, and Thirty-firA Years of his said Majesty’s

Table. Reigrx, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Eighteenth Years

of II is present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued hades on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence

Wues. ing, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole to ihe End of the then next Session of Parliament, is

House, to consider of the Duties payable upon Wine.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

4I per Cent. An Account of the Four and an Half per Cent. Du-Dmies. ties paid out of His Majesty’s Leeward , for the

last Three Years, with the Charges thereupon.

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

Hemp and An Account of all Claims made to, and settled by. Flax Bounty, the Justices of the several Quarter Sessions, for Bounties on the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, and payable in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and transmitted and certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; and also, of all Monies prayed for, and issued for paying the said Bounties, from the ift of January 1781 to the ift of Janua 1786; distinguishing each County, and each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

DnUr« on Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sw«cu. Account of the Duties paid at the Excise Office for Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time; dif-tioguishing each Year.

Ways aid Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Maans. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred so consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refelutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in,

free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Voju 41.

near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more " effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1730, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, anil Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty s Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 178.5, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough " and undressed Flax, from His Majesty’s Colonies in " Americawhich was to continue in Force from the

24th Day of June 1764, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable " upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and " Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-second Years, of His said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1785, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit " the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this " Kingdom, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 20th Day of June 1775, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 20th Day of June 1785, and from thence to the End of the then, next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the N'meteentJh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships

744

4'‘Mail. A.\~]t>6.

Coal Trade.

Public

Annuities.

Barlow’s

Eftale.

Ships on their Voyages, which was to bO in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of April 1779, and which, by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued until the ift Day of April 1780, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl " Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof " for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of May 1783, and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 31st Day of May 1786, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Fourth and Filth of the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy

of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes «f Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First/fime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin Barlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Altering Lifts Complaint being made to the House, That One of Land Tax of Members for the Town of Cambridge having Comm". offered a Dll of Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilst the said Lift

was in the Ingrossing Office of this House, in order to be ingrossed into the Bill then depending for appointing Commissioners for executing the said Act, the said Lift was altered, by several of the Names of the said Commissioners being changed and falsely spelt, in order that the same might be Misnomers, and the Commissioners, whose Names were intended to be inserted, might be prevented from acting in the Execution of the said Act;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Marsham,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Drake, Mr. Phelips, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Young,. Mr. Grenville, Mr. Powys, Mr. Hammett, the Lord Muncaster, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Crickett, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Alderman

ham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Thornton, the Lord Newhaven, Sir Adam Ferguson, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Slope?', Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Bramston, Mr.

Strutt, Mr. Brett, the Marquis of Graham, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Rolle, Sir Grey Cooper: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company, fented to the House,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1784, examined and passed by the Cuditor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to Africa," and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1785, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and Settlements were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually'granted by Parliament for their Support and Maintenance being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Establishments, and in the necessary contingent Charges, there remained little or nothing for the Jrurpole of Repairs; and that sundry Abuses having been alledged to exist in the Conduct of the Officers employed by the Petitioners on the Coast of Africa, and more particularly in the Management of the Public Money committed to their Care, the Petitioners thought proper, in the Year 1779, to suspend their Governor in Chief and the Council at Cape Coast Castle, and to appoint certain Commissioners to examine, in Africa, into the Conduct and Accounts of the Officers from the Beginning of the Year 1770; and the said Commissioners, or their Successors, having reported fully to the Petitioners, upon th^ different Objects referred to them, and in particular upon the Accounts of their Officers in Africa, and the Petitioners having carefully examined and confirmed the said Reports, it appears by the same that at the End of the Year 1776 the Petitioners were indebted to sundry of their said Officers, as specified in the said Reports, to the Amount of 24,694/. 14s. 11 f

Company’s

fif-

26 Geo. Ill* 40

745

Company’s Pay, but the Account of Richard Miles, Eiqu'ire, One of the feud Officers, to whom the Sum of-6,704/. 13 s. 1 appeared to be then due, having

been afterwards made up by the Petitioners to the End of the Year 1779, the Balance then due to him being 5,544/. 9 5 d.and the said Richard Miles, Esquire,

having been employed since then by the Petitioners, as their Governor in Chief in Africa, and the Accounts to the End of his Government being not yet arrived from thence, it is impossible for the Petitioners to state the ex aft Sum which may remain due to him; but the Re* mainderof the said Balance of 24,694 /. 14s. 11 \d. after deducting the particular Debt to the said Richard Miles, at the End of the Year 1776, being 6,704/. 135. 11 leaving a Balance of 17,990/. 1 s. Company’s Pay, is Hill due, by the Petitioners, to their said Servants, and whi.ch they are not in a Condition to pay without the Assistance of the House; and that the Petitioners, having been unable, when they laid their Petition before the House last Session of Parliament, to state the precile Amount of the War Expences, Charge of Convicts, and other contingent Accounts consequent thereon, they now beg Leave to represent to the House, that they have received the different Accounts from their Servants in Africa from the Commencement of Hostilities to the End of the War, amounting, under the Head of War Expences, to 6,401/. 9 lid. and of the other contingent Accounts to 1,361/. 8«. 11 id. making together the Sum of 7,762/. lSs. 10id. Company’s Pay, for the Payment of which the House hath hitherto made no Provision: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements in Africa, and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Trade upon that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Cono sideration, and grant such Sum as may be necessary for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, for Discharge of the sundry Debts due to their Servants before the End of the Year 1776, for extraordinary Expences of Defence of the said Forts and Settlements, and of prosecuting the War in Africa, for Charge of Maintenance of Convicts, and such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

j^eiby, &e. Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

®oa<i- Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sinnington. Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Src.Ioclofuie. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Sinnington with Marton, and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th »

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, winch they had directed him to re|>ort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Vol. 41.

Time, One By One; and upon the Question, severally put therein* I?00* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrod^d*

Oi~^Aered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Reduction of furthe t Consideration the Report from the Committee of Notional the wAole House, to whom the Bill lor vetting certain e Sums in Commissioners at the end of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Deb *, was committed, be now read.

A nd the said Order being read accordingly;

A. Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words * upon this Day Sevennight."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill)

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Militiv further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws rioting to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Public That the expected Annual Amount of the National lucome and Income, Hated in the Report of the Select Committee ExP*ndlter* appointed to enquire into the public Income and Expenditure, appears in no Respect to have been calculated upon the Average Receipts of any Number of Years, but is estimated upon the Produce of One Yeax* only, and fixed at the Amount of the fame, with the Addition of the probable Increase upon the naw Taxes;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it appears that the Account of the Annual Expenditure, as opposed to the Amount of the public

9 D Income

'by

Public Income and Expenditure.

746

Income so calculated, is not a Statement of the present exiltant Expenditure, or of that which must exist for some Years to come, but is formed upon the probable Reductions which it is alledged will have taken Place towards the End of the Year 1791, in the ProspeCfc of a permanent Peace;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the different Branches of Revenue, in the Period upon which the future is calculated, appear to have beeu Angularly productive, particularly in the Customs, and greatly to have exceeded the Amount of the preceding Year, with which alone it is contrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it does not appear that any Means were taken, nor Information called for, nor any Examination entered into by the said Committee, in order to ascertain whether such Increase of Revenue had arisen from Causes which were likely to have a permanent Operation, or otherwise;

It passed in the Negative,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That such an Investigation is indispensably necessary before this House can, with Confidence calculate, by the Produce of One Year, the supposed future Amount of the public Income;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Uncertainty of estimating, by such a Criterion, the expected future produce of the Revenue, is (till more evident, upon a Comparison of the Quarter ending the 5th of Aprillaft, with the same Quarter in the preceding Year, upon which the future Income is calculated; by which Comparison it appears that the Amount of the latter Quarter is inferior by the Sum of 188,215/. 13$. 4 d.in the Branch of the Customs, to the former;

It passed hi the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That in the said Report there are certain Articles of Receipt erroneously stated, as proper to be added to the future Annual Income, and other Articles of Expence erroneously omitted to be added to the Expenditure;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Total expected Amount of the future Annual Receipt is stated in the said Report to

be 15.397,471/-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sums voted, and to be voted, for the Service of the Year 1786, including the Interest and Charges of the Public Debts, considerably exceeds that Sum.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Means, by which the Deficiency is to be made good, arise from Aids and Debts which belong to the present Year only;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there is no Surplus Income whatever applicable to the Reduction of the Public Debt now existing;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Surplus of Income in the ensuing Quarters can arise only by the Renewal of a Loan for an extraordinary Million, borrowed upon Exchequer Bills in the last, and charged upon the Supply of the present Year, and which Loan it would be unnecessary to make but for the Purpose of procuring the said Surplus; J

A. 1786.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That any extraordinary Increase of Exchequer Bills, contrary to former Practice in Time of Peace, is an inexpedient Anticipation of that Assistance which the Government might receive in the same of any Circumstance rendering it necessary to strengthen the State of our National Preparation;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Saving to the Public upon the Interest of Money borrowed in this Way is rendered improbable or precarious by the Necessity which will arise for the more l'peedy issuing such Bills, in order that the Object for which the Loan is made may be punctually and effectually answered, nor even should such Saving accrue, will it compensate for the Disadvantage above stated;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That admitting that, by the foregoing Means, the expected Surplus will arise upon the Three Quarters next ensuing, and that thenceforward One Million Annually is to be applied to the Reduction of the Debt, it appears that there will then be an Interval of nearly Four Years before the Commencement of that permanent Peace Establishment, which is to furnish, in the Reduction of its Services, 900,000l. of the expected Million Surplus.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That in this Period it appears from the Vouchers annexed to the said Report, and other Papers before this House, that a Sum amounting to 4,010,000l., besides Two Millions due to the Bank, making together the Sum of 6,010,000l. will be deficient and wanting, over and above the stated Annual Income;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That, for this Sum of 6,010,000l. there appears to be adequate Provision or Resource;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 5° die Mali;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1786.

Prat ers.

/^RDERED, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also, a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and LChelzcortk, or one of them, in the Pa.rish of Cricklad S in the County of Wilts, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday

Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open 01 and

4° — 5* Mail.

Perfumery, Hair Powder, &c.

Chelworth

Inclosure.

Basingstoke

Inclosure.

Canwick

Inclosure.

Pawn-

brokers.

26 Geo. III. 50 Maid-

747

and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pal-tiires. Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Mar sham. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fenton Cawthome presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating an Open Common called Carrwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto, and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the lame, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and for making Compensations in Lieu thereof, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Au c%the said Clause was read the Third Ti the; and, upon ^he Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House* to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ana=>ther ingrossed Clause was offered to" be added to the Bill* by Way of Ryder, declaring, that Persons lending TVI oney upon Pledges at above Cent. Interest

shall fc»e deemed Pawnbrokers.

Ara<3 the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the C^. vieftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to tha Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that Paw nbrokers shall not offer to lend more Money on Pledges than what is aflked by the Persons pledging, and shall not exercise their Trade on Sundays, Good Friday, or Christmas Day.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 27. To leave out from " mentioned’* to the End of Line 33, in Press

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt " to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods " pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public " Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and " Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for inflicting Penalties on Pawnbrokers for certain Offences committed against the Act.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read Twice with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JVatkinLewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Walk'm Lewes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in Ifs Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vql. 41.

3 7.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Bristol Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Budge anJ his late Majesty King George the Second, for re- StreeU-building, widening and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick-dale, Mr. Pye, Scc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Brimington, of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His &c* Road*, present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, te An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Brimington and Chesterfield, in the county of,

" over The High Moors, to the several Places therein " mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Brimington and Chesterfield, in the county of,

" over The High Moors, to the several Places therein " mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Algernon Percy reported from the Committee, Carlisle to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Trui — tees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Commissioners

N. Shields Waterworks.

5° Mali. 17

and Trustees, named, appointed, and elected to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road " proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from " the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne," lb far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which doth lie in the County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Notice at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, but that the Trustees not being able to procure a sufficient Number of Trustees to act at a Meeting appointed to be held in August, a Meeting was held on the 27 th of September, when they came to a Resolution to apply to Parliament, and accordingly Notices were given in the Newcastle Chronicle and Courant, of the ift, 8th, and 15th of October last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Pearson, the Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, laid, That the said Trustees caused the said Road to be made and compleated according to the Directions of the said Act, and have applied the Money arising by the Tolls by the said Act granted in the repairing the said Road from Time to Time; but that the Money arising by the Tolls is so very inadequate to the keeping the said Road in Repair, that a considerable Sum of Money is now due and owing to Persons who had contracted to repair the fame, and also for Wages to several poor Labourers employed by the said Trustees — That that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Northumberland is in a ruinous Condition, Laving several steep Hills, large Watercourses, Drains, and Bridges, lying in and upon the fame; and the said Road cannot be repaired and kept in Repair, unless the Tolls granted by the said Act be increased, and unless the Trustees be enabled to borrow, upon the Credit thereof, a Sum of Money sufficient to discharge the before-mentioned Debts, and to put that Part of the said Road into proper Repair. — And the Witness added, That the putting the said Road into proper Repair, will be of great public Utility, the same being the Great and Common Road firom the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne to the City of Carlisle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, l'o much of the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, as is within the County of Northumberland: And that Lord Algernon Percy and Sir Matthew White Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Lawson, Esquire, Edward Ungwood,. Esquire, and Ralph Milbank, Esquire, Land-owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Manors' of 77 nemouthand in the County of Northumbei'land, on Behalf of themselves

and others, Proprietors and Owners of Lands in the said Manors, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better supplying with Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping resorting to the Harbour of the said Town; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious

to the Rights and Interests of the Petilipners, and to the Freeholders, Copyholders, and others residing in and near the said Town Manors of and Tine-

mouthshire: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Welford of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present bridge lload. Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the Road from Weljord Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands and Great

Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from fVejjord Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bosworth and Great IVigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerjord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of Poor* &c‘ the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets in the said City, for opening a Communication from Queens Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of Broughton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Ramsayf Esquire, an Infant, by his Guardians, Sir John Lindsay, Knight of the Order of the Bath, Alexander Murray, Esquire, of Henderland, One of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland, and also of Janet and Katharine Ramsays; and also, the Petition of the Society of Writers to His Majesty’s Signet, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Dean and Faculty of Advocates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of Houses in the Eight Districts to the South of the City of Edinburgh, were severally referred;

That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That Lands annexed to the Royalty of Edinburgh, shall be deemed Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

Goog.

16 Geo. III.

5° Mal

749

little Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to

S"*t , &e. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Iarkfue. Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, log, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs JValden,\n the Parish of,

in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

Xaad Tax The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commit- Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Ex-0B*"* ecution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six;" without any Amendment: And also,

New Malton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Jtoed. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Scotch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Society for Act for authorising the Lord Chief Baron and Rema-promoting nent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, <jhriihao out of the unappropriated Money arising from the for-

w e ge‘ feited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes and under the Conditions therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

J.Cvteret'a The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act Eiute. to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right honourable Henry Frederick Lora Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary IFeek, otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of JVilshamstead, otherwise Wilstcad, in the county of ; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fenced a and who have been, in Consequence thereof, font on the Hulks on the River Thames, or on Board

any o"ther Hulk or Prison Ship in any other Place, or confita^d in any Prison within the County of since

the 1 "fl Hay of January 1775, specifying the Offence and Times for which such Persons were sentenced to be transported or imprisoned respectively, and which of them have been discharged, and at what Time, and on what Account, and whether such Persons so discharged have at any Time, and when, being convicted of any, and what, fuble«quest Offence or Offences.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hcrule.

The laid Account is preserved among!! the other

Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjourn-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ment-next.

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, ac- St. John, cording to Order, a Bill for afeertaioing and collect- Southwark, ing the Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Crimiuals in men, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Scotland. Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of lo much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for more effectual disarming the Highlands in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and " for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that " Part of the Kingdom," as relates to assessing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland towards defraying the Expence of prosecuting Criminals, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said.

Bill for regulating the Nomination and Qualification of the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Scot* men, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Judge* of Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which. Admiralty, upon the 11 th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and . Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and were then agreed to by the House,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for regulating the Nomination and Qualification of the Judges of the Admiralty Court in North Britain, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh.

Cmitti. The House being informed that Mr. Mayhew,

Agent for the Under Sheriff of the County of Sussex, mat on- jurwara Asuey, Mr uiu Altering

attended at the Door, he was called m; and, at Mr. Howell, be added to the Committee who are ap — of Land:

the Bar, presented to the House, pursunt to their — *---------: — *»- ~ ^----1-: — -

Order,

An Account of the Persons convicted of any Of-Vol. 41.

Ordered, That Sr Edward Astley, Mr. Goman, and Altering Lift* xvxr. Howell, be added to the Committee who are ap — of Land Tax pointed to examine into the Matter of the Complaint Commanea-noade to the House, That one of the Members for the Town of Cambridge having offered a List of Com —

9 £ miffioaero

A, 1785.

5* Matt.

missioners for ^©wting £he land Tax Afit for tye said Town, whilst Jhe fold lift was in the logrolling Office of this House, in order to be ingrossjed into the Bill, then depending, for appointing Cpmipiftfon-ers for executing thp feia Ad, the said Ljift was fofored, by several of the Names of the said Commissioners bong changed and fjalfely (pelt, in ooner that the same might be Mifnopners, and the Commissioneu, whole Names were intended to be inferred, might be prevented from aiding in the fixecufton of fop said Act.

Hawkers and

Pedlar*

Licences.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, an Account of the Number of Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars for the Three last Years, distinguishing the Number granted in each Year, and an Account of the Number of such Licences granted ip foie Year, as far as the same can be made up.

Elections — Ordered, That Leave he given to bring ip Bill to

Occasional prevent Occasional Voters from votfog in the Elediop Voters. of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Nicholls, Sir Edward Astley, and Mr.

Anstruther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gibraltar Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Prizes. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more enedual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for authoring the Tre&forer of the Navy to pay " to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar " the like Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships " of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on " board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking " or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Conor mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed foe Chair.

Sir Qcorge Howard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Qerk’s

Ordered, That the Bill be iqgrofied.

Charges Mr. Burke having offered to present to the House

against another Article of Charge of High Crimes and Mif- Mr. Hastings. demeanors against IV Hastings, Esquire, lata Governor General of Bengal',

And an Objection befog made to his delivering in the fame;

A Motion was made, and the Question befog put, That the said Article of Charge be delivered in, and read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Burke accordingly presented the said Article; and the same was delivered in at the Clerics Table, and read; and is as follovyeth; viz.

Farther Article of Charge of High Crimes and Mifclemeanors against fV Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

N* 22.

Rights of Fyzoola Kh&n, & c. before the Treaty of

Lall-f)ang.

GENERAL

REFERENCE.

I. That the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n, who now holds of the Vizier the Territory of

and certain other Districts dependent thereon, in the ®fthe Secrt‘ Country of the Rohillas, is the Second Son of a *7,^44*45. Prince, renowned in the History of Hindostan under the Name of Ali Mohammed Khan, fbme Time Sovereign 8‘ of all that Part of Rohilcund, which is particularly distfo-guHhed by the Appellation of the Kutteehr.

II. That after the Death of Ali Mohammed aforesaid, as Fyzoola Khan, together with his elder Brother, was then a Prisoner of War, at a Place called >

" the Rohilla Chiefs took Possession of the ancient ry200bua>i " Estates" of the Captive Princes; and the Nabob Le"er> mi*> Fyzoola Kh&n was, from Necessity, compelled to Mar*feeN«-waive his Hereditary Rights for the inconsiderable p»t ibid Districts of Rampore and Shawabad then estimated to produce from Six to Eight Lacks of Annual Revenue.

III. That in 1774, on the Invasion of Rohilcund Coiood Cha*. by the united Armies of the Vizier Sujah ul Dowlah

and the Company, the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n, " with " some of his People, was present at the decisive " Battle of St. George," where Hafiz Rhamet, the great Leader of the Rohillas, and many others of their principal Chiefs were flain; but escaping from the Slaughter, Fyzoola Kh&n " made his Retreat good " towards the Mountains, with all his Treasure."

He there collected the scattered Remains of his Countrymen; and as he was the eldest surviving Son of AH Mohammed %hdn, as too the most powerful Obstacle to his Pretensions was now removed, by the Death of Hafiz, he seems at Length to have been generally acknowledged, by his natural Subjects, the undoubted Heir of his Father’s Authority.

IV. That, " regarding the sacred Sincerity and " Friendship of the English, whose Goodness and Celebrity is every where known, who dispossess no one," the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n made early Overtures for Peace to Colonel Alexander Champion, Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in Bengal: That he did propose to the said Colonel Alexander Champion, in Three Letters, received on the 14th, 24th, and 27th of May, to ChimpioD put himself under the Protection either of the Company Vin^«^fl* or of the Vizier, through the Mediation, and with the Guarantee of the Company; and that he did offer " whatever was conferred upon him, to pay as much,

" without Damage or Deficiency, as any other Person " would agree to do;" Hating at the same Time his Con- [

dition and Pretensions herembefore recited, as Fads j

" evident as the Sunand appealing, in a forcible and awefol Manner to the Generality and Magnanimity ot '

this Nation, " by whose Means he hoped in God that " he should receive Justice;" and as " the Person " who designed the War was no more;" as "in Jjiat " he was himself guiltlefsand as "he had never " acted in such a Manner, as for the Vizier to have " taken Hatred to his Heart against him; that he might " be re-instated in his ancient Foffessions, the Country of w his Father."

V. That on the last of the TV66 above-

mentioned, that is to fey, on the 2 7th of May, thq Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n did ahb send to the' €ommaqd^( in Chief a Vakeel or Amhfofedor, who was aqthorized on the Part of him (the Nabob FSizoolp. his

Master)

Mr,.

iS Geo. III.

5* Mari-

D*.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D*.

Jft&Otowta specifoj Offer of Tbret Pnopsfilimte; and that by One of the feed Proportions " an A*»unl u Ifoaaoefe of oear 40t>>ooool. would twve accrued to " the Revenues of our Ally, and the immediate Acquisition of above 300,000I. to the Company, for " their Influence in effecting an Accommodation perso^tly coufiftent with their Engagements to the Vizier,*’ and Unfitly copfonant to the Demands of Justice.

VI. That so great was the Confidence of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn in the just, humane, and liberal Feelings

of Englishmen, a3 to " lull him into an Inactivity" of the most eflfential Detriment to his Interests; since, " in the Hopes which he entertained, from the Inter of our Government," he declined the Invitation nf the Mogul to join the Arms of his Majesty and the Marattas, " refused any Comicfition with the and did even neglefit to take the obvious Precaution of crossing the Ganges, as he had originally intended, while the River was yet fordable; a Movement that would have enabled him certainly to baffle all Pursuit, and probably " to keep the Vizier in a State of Disquietude for the Remainder of his Life."

VII. That the Commander in Chief, Colonel Alexander Champion aforesaid, " thought nothing could be more honourable to this Nation than the Support of

so exalted a Character; and whilst it could be done *e on Terms so advantageous, supposed it very unlikely " that the Vakeel’s Proposition should be received with " IndifferenceThat he did accordingly refer it to the Administration, through Warren Hastings, Jifquire, then Governor of Fort William, and President of Bengal; and he did at the same Time enclose to the said Warren Hastings, a Letter from the Nabob Khdn to

the said Hastings; which Letter does not appear, but must be supposed to have been of the same Tenor with those before cited to the Commander in Chief; of which also Copies were sent to the said Hastings by the Commander in Chief; and he (the Commander in Chief aforesaid) after urging to the said Hastings sundry good and cogent Arguments of Policy and Prudence, in Favour of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, did Colonel Cham- conclude by " wishing for nothing so much, as for the asm M*fttes«e " Adoption of some Measure that might strike all the A ppendix, D°, " Powers of the East with Admiration of our Justice, N° *7, " in Contrail to the Condufit of the Vizier."

VIII. That iu Answer to such laudable Wilh of the said Commander in Chief, the President (Warren Hastings) preferring his own prohibited Plans of extended Dominion to the mild, equitable, and wife Policy inculcated in the Standing Orders of his Superiors, and now enforced by the Recommendation of Letter to Col the Commander in Chief, did instrufit and " desire " junPSee7!bid. the said Commander in Chief, " instead of soli-" citing the Vizier to relinquish his Conquest to Fyzoola " Khdn, to dtfoourage it as much as was in his Power d*. although the said Hastings did not once express, or even intimate, any Doubt whatever of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn s Innocence as to the Origin of the War, or of his Hereditary Right to the Territories which he claimed; but to the said Pleas of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, as well as to the Arguments both of Policy and Jufiaoe, advanced by the Commander in Chief, he the said Hastings did solely oppose certain speculative Objects of imagined Expediency; summing up his decided Rejection of the Propofols made by the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn in the following remarkable W ords:

D*- " With respect to Fyzoola Khdn, he appears not to

u merit our Consideration. The petty Sovereign of a

Country estimated at Six or Eight Lacks ought not M for a Moment to prove an Impediment to any of our " Measures, or to affect the Consistency of our

dud."

Vai. >41.

75i

I ^4* That, in the afcretirid violent and arbitrary Charge Pofia*3®^ the said Warren Hastings did avow h to be against a Principle of his Government, that no Right, hlr.Hiifting»*

hov’ever mantfell, and no Innocence, however unitn-pea<^bed, could entitle the Weak to our Protection sign- ft others, or lave them from our own active Endeavours for their Oppression, and even Extirpation, should they interfere with our Notions of Political Expediency: And that such a Principle is highly derogatory to the Justice and Honour of the English Name, an<d_ fundamentally injurious to our Interests, inasmuch as it hath an immediate Tendency to excite Distrust,

Jealously, Fear, and Hatred against us among all the luhsordinatB Potentates of Hindostan.

X. That in Prosecution of the said delpotic Principle, the President (Warren Hastings aforesaid) did periift to obstruct, as far as in him lay, every Advance towards an Accommodation between the Vizier Sujah ul and the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn; and particularly on the 16th of September, only Eight Days after the said ings, in Conjunction with the other Members of the Select Committee of Bengal, had publicly teltified his Satisfaction in the Prospect of an Accommodation, and had hoped, that " his Excellency (the Vizier) would be " disposed to conciliate the Affections (of the " to his Government, by acceding to lenient Termshe, the said Hastings, did nevertheless write, and, without the Content or Knowledge of his Colleagues, did privately dispatch a certain Answer to a Letter of the Commander in Chief: In which Answer the said Hastings Letter to Cot did express other contradictory Hopes, namely, that the ^"tmps*bl4. Commander in Chief had resolved on prosecuting the War to a final Issue, because (as the said Hastings " explains himself) it appears very plainly that Fyzoola " Khdn, and his Adherents, lay at your Mercy; be- Letter to Col.

16th

" cause I apprehend much Inconveniency from Delays; Champ.

" and because lam morally certain that no Good will be *' 1 ‘ '

" gained by negotiating;" — thereby artfully suggesting his Wilhes of what might be, in his Hopes of what had been, resolved; and plainly, though indirectly, inflating the Commander in Chief to much Effusion of Blood int an immediate Attack on the Rohillas, polled as they Letter from were, "in a very llrong Situation," and " combating " for all." See ibiA.

XI. That the said Hastings, in the Answer aforesaid, did further endeavour to enflame the Commander in Chief against the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, by representing

the said Nabob " as highly presuming, insolent, and Letter to coL " evafiveand knowing the Distrust which the Nabob s^'sefibi* Fyzoola Khdn entertained of the Vizier, the said Hastings did " expressly desire it should be left wholly to the " Vizier, to treat with the Enemy by his own

and in his own Manner;" though he the said Hastings " by no Means wished the Vizier to lose Time by seeking " an Accommodation, since it would be more effectual,

" more decisive, and more consistent with his Dignity,

" indeed with his Honour, which he has already,

" to abide by his First Offers to dictate the Conditions " of Peace, and to admit only an Acceptance without " Reservation, or a clear Refusal from his Adverl'ary thereby affecting to hold up, in Opposition to, and in Exclusion of, the substantial Claims of Justice, certain ideal Obligations of Dignity and Honour, that is to say, the Gratification of Pride, and the Observance of an arrogant Determination once declared -

XII. That although the said Answer did not reach the Commander in Chief until Peace was actiMxlly concluded; and although the dangerous Consequences to be apprehended from the said Answer were thereby prevented, yet by the Sentiments contained in the said Answer Warren Hastings, El’quire, did strongly evince his ultimate Adherence to all the fanner

violent

Charge against JVlr.Hafyugs.

Col. Champ. Vindication. See App. to D°, V. 45-

GENERAL

REFERENCE.

Ibid.

Col. Champion’s Letter, 6th October. See App. to D°, N° 44-Col. Champion’s Vindication. See App. to D°, N® 45.

Treaty of Lall-Dang, N° 44.

75 % 5° M 178

violent and unjust Principles of his Conduct towards the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn; which Principles were dis-

graceful to the Character, and injurious to the Interests of this Nation: And that the said Warren Hastings did thereby, in a particular Manner, exclude himself from any Share of Credit for " the honourable Period put to " the Rohilla War, which has in some Degree done " away the Reproach so wantonly brought on the English " Name."

Rights of Fyzoola Khdn, under the Treaty of Lall-Dang.

I. That, notwithstanding the culpable and criminal Reluctance of the President Hastings, hereinbefore recited, a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the Vizier Sujah ul Dowlahand the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn was finally signed and sealed, on the 7th October 1774, at a Place called Lall-Dang, in the Presence, and with the Attestation of the British Commander in Chief, Colonel Alexander Champion aforesaid; and that for the said Treaty the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn agreed to pay, and did actually pay, the valuable Consideration of Half his Treasure, to the Amount of 15 Lacks of Rupees, or 150,000l. Sterling, and upwards.

II. That by the said Treaty, the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn was established in the quiet Possession of Shawabad, and " some other Districts dependent thereon," subject to certain Conditions, of which the more important were as follow:

" That Fyzoola Khdn should retain in his Service " 5,000 Troops, and not a jfingle Mar\ more:

" That with whomsoever the Vizier should make " War, Fyzoola Khdn should fend Two or Three thousand Men, according to his Ability, to join the Forces " of the Vizier:

" And that, if the Vizier should march in Person, " Fyzoola Khdn should himself accompany him with his " Troops."

III. That from the Terms of the Treaty above recited it doth plainly, positively, and indisputably appear, that the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, in case of War, was not bound to furnish more than Three thousand Men, under any Construction, unless the Vizier should march in Person.

IV. That the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn was not positively bound to furnish so many as 3,000 Men, but an indefinite N umber, not more than Three, and not left than Two thousand; that, of the precise Number within such Limitations, the Ability of Fyzoola Khdn, and not the Discretion of the Vizier, was to be the Standard; and that such Ability could only mean, that which was equitably consistent not only with the external Defence of his Jaghire, but with the internal good Management thereof, both as to its Police and Revenue.

V. That even in case the Vizier should march in Person, it might be reasonably doubted, whether the Personal Service of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn " with his Troops" must be understood to be, with all his Troops, or only with the Number before stipulated, not more than Three, and not left than Two thousand Men; and that the latter is the Interpretation finally adopted by Warren Hastings aforesaid, and the Council of Bengal, who, in a Letter to the Court of Directors, dated April 5th, 1783, represent the Clause3 of the Treaty relative to the stipulated Aid as meaning Amply, that Fyzoola Khdn " should fend 2 or 3,000 Men to join the Vizier’s " Forces, or attend in Person, in case it should be " requisite."

VI. That from the aforesaid Terms of the Treaty, it doth not spedfically appear of what the stipulated Aid should consist, whether of Horse or Foot, or in what Proportion of both; but that it is the recorded Opi-

nion, maturely formed by the said Hastings and his Council, in January 1783, that even a Angle Horseman included in the Aid which Fyzoola Khdn might " furnish, would prove a literal Compliance with the " Stipulation."

VII. That, in the Event of any Doubt fairly arising from the Terms of the Treaty, the Nabob fyzoola , in Consideration of his Hereditary Right to the whole Country, and the Price by him actually paid for the said Treaty, was in Equity entitled to the most favourable Construction.

VIII. That, from the Attestation of Colonel Champion aforesaid, the Government of Calcutta acquired the same Right to interpose with the Vizier for the Protection of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, as they the said Government had before claimed, from a similar Attestation of Sir Robert Barker, to assist the Vizier in extirpating the whole N ation of the said Fyzoola Khdn; more especially, as in the same of Sir Robert Barker it was contrary to the Remonstrances of the then Administration, and the furthest from the Intentions of the said Barker himself, that his Attestation should involve the Company; but the Attestation of Colonel Champion was authorized by all the Powers of the Government, as a " Sanction " intended " to add Validity " to the Treaty: That they the said Government, and in particular the said Wart'en Hastings, as the first executive Member of the fame, were bound by the Ties of natural Justice duly to exercise the aforesaid Right, if Need were; and that their Duty so to interfere was more particularly enforced by the Spirit of the Censures past both by the Directors and Proprietors in the Rohilla War, and the Satisfaction expressed by the Directors, " in the honourable End put " to that War."

Guarantee of the Treaty of Lall-Dang.

I. That during the Life of the Vizier Sujah ul,

and for some Time after his Death, under his Son and Successor Asoph ul Dawla, the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn did remain without Disturbance or Molestation: That he did all the while imagine his Treaty to be under the Sandion of the Company, from Colonel Champions. affixing his Signature thereto as a Witness, " which " Signature, as he (Fyzoola Khdn) supposed," rendered the Company the Arbitrators between the Vizier and himself, in case of Disputes: And that, being " a Man " of Sense but extreme Pusillanimity, a good Farmer, " fond of Wealth, not possessed of the Passion of bition," he did peaceably apply himself to " improve " the State of his Country; and did, by his own Pru- denceand Attention, encrease the Revenues thereof

" beyond the Amount specified in Sujah ul Dawla,'s " Grant"

II. That in the Year 1777, and in the Beginning of the Year 1778, being " alarmed at the young Vizier’s " Resumption of a Number of Jaghires, granted by his " Father to different Persons, and the Injustice and Oppression of his Conduct in generaland_ having now learned (from whom does not appear, but probably from some Person supposed of competent Authority; that Colonel Champion formerly witnessed the Treaty as a private Person, the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn did make frequent and urgent Solicitations to Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, then Resident at Chide, and to Warren Hastings aforesaid, then Governor General of Bengal, " for a " Renovation of his (the Nabob Fyzoola Khdna) Treaty " with the late Vizier, and the Guarantee of the Company," or for a " separate Agreement with the Company for his Defence;" considering them (the Company) as " the only Power in which he had Confidence, and " to which he could look up for Protection."

III. That the said Resident Middleton, and the said

Governor

GENERAL

REFERENCE.

Sth Report of the Select Committee, and App. 1, 2, 3.

Letter of I 'r. Harwell, 16th March.

Letter from Mr. Middleton, 3d April 1778, N°St.

D*.

6 Geo. Ill* 5° 753

Governor General Hastings, did not, as they were in Duty bound to do, endeavour‘to allay the Apprehensions of the Nabob Fyzoola , by assuring him of his Safety undet the Sanction of Colonel Champion'& Attestation aforesaid; but by their Criminal Neglect, if not by J*ofitive ExprOflBons (as there is just Ground, from their fobfeeftient Language and Condact to bttoeve) they, the feki Middleton end the said Hastings, did at least keep alive and confirm (whoever may have originally fog-gefted) the said Appreliension; and that such Neglectt alone was the more highly culpable in the said inafmuc’li as he, the said Hastings, in Conjunction with other Members of tire Select Committee of the then Proficiency of Bengal, did, on the 17th of September 1-774. write to Colonel Champion aforesaid, publickly authorizing him the said Colonel Champion to join his Sanction to the Accommodations agreed on (between the S«Com.N"zr Vizier -Sujah ul Dozr/a and the Nabob Fyzoola Khan) 9m nid. s* ts. to add to their Validity, and on tire bth of October following, did again write to the said Colonel Champion more explicitly, to join his Sanction, " either by attesting the Treaty, or acting as Guarantee on the Part of the " Company, for the Performance of it," both which Letters, though they did not arrive until after the afitual Signature of the said Colonel Champion, do yet incon-trovertiMy mark the solemn Intention of the said Committee (of which the said Hastings was President) that the San&ion of Colonel s Attestation should be regarded as a Public not a Private San&ion; and it was more peculiarly incumbent on such Persons, who had been Members of the said -Committee, so to regard the fame.

Mr. Middle- IV. That the said Warren Hastings was further Sr^a^Sth0 guilty of much Criminal Concealment for the Space of Apini 177*- " Twelve Months," inasmuch as he did not lay before

the Board the frequent and urgent Solicitations which Mr. H.*« Mi- he, the said Hastings, was continually receiving from ^"7*, XT' the Nabob Fyzoola Kh until the 9th of 1778;

on which Day the said Hastings did communicate to the Council a public Letter of the aforesaid Middleton, Resident at Oude, acquainting the Board that he (the said Middleton)taking Occasion from a late Application of Fyzoola KhAn for the Company’s Guarantee, had Mr. Middle, deputed Mr. Daniel Octavos Harwell (Assistant Resident February. at Benares, hut then on a Visit to the Resident Middleton at Lucknow) to proceed with a special Commission to Rampore, there to enquire on the Spot into the Truth of certain Reports circulated to the Prejudice of Fyzoola KhAn; which Reports however the said Middleton did afterwards confefe himself to have always" thought " in the highest Degree improbable" u That the said Resident Middleton did " request to " know whether, on Proof of Fyzoola Khan's Innocence,

the Honourable Board would be pleased to grant hhn " (the Resident) permission to comply with his (

" Khan's)Request, of the Company’s guaranteeing his " Treaty with the Vizier." And the said Middleton, in Excuse for having irregularly " availed himself of the " Abilities of Mr. Daniel Barrvell" who belonged to another Station, and for deputing him with die aforesaid Commission to Rampore, without the previous Knowledge of the Board, did urge the Plea " of immediate Ne- cessityand that such Plea, if the Necessity really exilied, was a strong Charge and Accusation against the said Warrfn Hastings, from whose Criminal Neglefit and Concealment the Urgency of such Necessity did arise.

M.rch 9th. y That the Governor General, Warren Hastings Ud-'-.n* f.pp‘ aforesaid, did immediately move " that the Board approve the Deputation of Mr. Daniel and

" that the Resident (Middleton) be authorized to offer " the Company’s Guarantee for the Observance of the " Treaty subsisting between the Vizier and Fyzoola Votw 41.

" JC^AAn, provided it meets with the Vizier’s Concur- Charge " retfKe And that the Governor General’s Proposition was wefolved in the Affirmative; the usual Majority of *

Conw^soil then consistieg of Richard Harwell, Esquire, a near Relation of Daniel Octaous Harwell aforesaid, and the Governor General, Warren Hastings, who, in case of^asza Equably, had the Caffiqg Voice.

"V7!. That on receiving from Mr. Daniel Barwell full and early Assurance of Fyzoola " having m. a^hMvch.-

" pareferved every Article of his Treaty inviolate," the see sth Report. Resident Middleton applied for the Vizier's Concurrence, which was readily obtained; the Vizier however " prerevising that be gave his Content, taking it for granted, 8 April 1778.

" that on Fyzoola KhAn’s receiving the Treaty, and see App.» d*, " Khelaut (or Robe of Honour) he was to make him

a Return of the complimentary Presents usually offered " on such Occasions, and of such an Amount as should " be a Manifestation of Fyzoola KhAn's due Sense of his " Friendship, and suitable to his Excellency's Rank to " receive;" and that the Resident Middleton " did make " himself in fbme Measure responsible for the said Prefeat’s being obtained," and did write to Mr. Daniel Harwell accordingly.

VII. That agreeably to the Resolution of Council hereinbefore recited, the fblicited Guarantee, under the Seal of the Resident Middleton, thus duly authorized on Behalf of the Company, was transmitted, together with the renewed Treaty, to Mr. Daniel Barwell aforesaid at Rampore; and that they were both by him, the said Barwell, presented to the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, with a Solemnity not often paralleled, " in the Presence of the " greatest Part of the Nabob’s Subjects, who were af- April.’ See ibid.

" sembled, that the Ceremony might create a full Belief " jo the Breast of all his People, that the Company " would protect him as long as he ftriaiy adhered to the " Letter of his Treaty."

VIII. That in the Conclusion of the said Ceremony the Nabob Fyzoola Khan did deliver to the said Barwell, for the Use of the Vizier, a Nuzzer (or Present) of Elephants, Horses, &c. and did add thereto a Lack of Rupees, or 10,000l. and upwards; which Sum the said Barwell, " not being authorized to accept any pecuniary " Consideration, did at first refuse; but upon Fyzoola " KhAn's urging, that on such Occasions it was the invariable Custom of Hindostan, and that it must on the " present be expected, as it had been formerly the Case'*

(but when, does not appear); he the said Barwell did accept the said Lack in the Name of the Vizier, our Ally,

" in whose Wealth (as Warren Hastings on another Occasion observed) we should participate," and on whom we at that Time bad an accumulating Demand.

IX. That over and above the Lack of Rupees thus presented to the Vizier, the Nabob Fyzoola KhAn did likewise offer One other Lack of Rupees, or upwards of 10,000l. more, for the Company " as some Acknow- d*.

" ledgment of the Obligation he received: That although " such Acknowledgment was not pretended to be the " invariable Custom of Hindostan on such Occasions,

" however it might on the present be expected," Mr.

Daniel Barwell aforesaid (knowing probably the Disposition and Views of the then actual Government at Calcutta) did not, even atfirst, decline the said Offer, but, as he was not empowered to accept it, did immediately propose taking a Bond for the Amount, until the Pleasure of the Board should be known.

That the Offer was accordingly communicated by the said Harwell to the Resident Middleton, to be by him the Resident referred to the Board; and that it was so referred: That in Reply to the said Reference of the Resident Middleton, the Governor General (Warreta Hastings) did move and carry a Vote of Council, " authorizing Mr. Middleton to accept the Offer made by " Fyzoola Khan to the Company, of One Lack of g F " Rupees,"

D°.

D°.

Rental Consult. lift May 1778. See ibid.

Letter of Mr. Barwell to Mr. Middleton, April i4lh 1778. K°l.

Conf. a 1 st May. See ibid.

Sic. Orig.

154

50 Mail. jt. 1786,

" Rupees,1" without awning any Reason whatever in Support of the said Motion, notwithstanding it was objected by a Member of the Board, " that if the Measure " was right, it became us to adopt it without such a " Consideration;" and that " our accepting of the " Lack of Rupees as a Recompence for our Inter, is beneath the Dignity of this Government (of " Calcutta) and will discredit us in the Eyes of the Indian Powers."

That the Acceptance of the said Sum, in this Circumstance, was beneath the Dignity of the said Government, and did tend so to discredit us; and that the Motion of the said Hastings for such Acceptance was therefore highly derogatory to the Honour of this Nation.

X. That the aforesaid Member of the Council did further disapprove altogether of the Guarantee, " as " unnecessary," and that another Member of Council, Richard Barwell, Esquire, the near Relation of Darnel Octavus Barwell, hereinbefore named, did declare (but after the said Guarantee had taken Place) that " this

Government (of Calcutta) was in Fact engaged, by " Colonel Champion's Signature being to the Treaty " with Fyzoola Khan," that the said unnecessary Gua-

rantee did not only subject to an heavy Expence a Prince whom we were bound to protect, but did further produce in his Mind the following obvious and natural Conclusion; namely, " that the Signature of any,

" in whatever public Capacity he at present , will

" not be valid and of Effect, as soon as some other shall " Jill his StationalConclusion however immediately tending to the total Diferedit of all Powers delegated from the Board to any individual Servant of the Company, and consequently to clog, perplex, and embarrals, in future, all Transactions carried on at a Distance from the Seat of Government, and to disturb the Security of all Persons pofl'efling Instruments already so ratified; vet the only Conclusion left to Fyzoola Khan, which did not involve some Affront, either to the private Honour of the Company’s Servants, or to the public Honour of the Company itself; and that the Suspicions which originated from the said Idea in the Breast of Fyzoola Khan, to the Prejudice of the Resident Middleton's Authority, did compel the Governor General, Warren Hastings, to obviate the bad Effects of his First Motion for the Guarantee, by a Second Motion; namely, " that " a Letter be written to Fyzoola from myfelfj

" confirming the Obligations of the Company, as Guarantees to the Treaty formed between him and the " Vizier; which will be equivalent in its Effect, though " not in Form, to an Engagement sent him with the " Company’s Seal affixed to it."

XII. That whether the G uarantee aforesaid was or was not necessary’; whether it created a new Obligation, or but more fully recognized an Obligation previously existing; the Governor General, Warren Hastings, by the said Guarantee, did, in the most explicit Manner, pledge and commit the Public Faith of the Company, and the Nation; and that by the subsequent Letter of the said Hastings (which he at his own Motion wrote, confirming to Fyzoola Kh&n the aforesaid Guarantee) the said Hastings did again pledge and commit the Public Faith of the Company and the Nation, in a Manner (as the said Hastings himself remarked) " equivalent to an Engagement with the Company’s Seal " affixed to it;" and more particularly binding the said Hastings Personally to exact a due Observance of the guaranteed Treaty, especially to protect the Nabob Fyzoola Khan against any arbitrary Construction, or unwarranted Requisition of the Vizier.

Thanks of the Board to Fyzoola Kh&n.

That soon after the Completion of the Guarantee, in the same Year 1778, Intelligence was received in India of a War between England and France: That on the First Intimation thereof the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n, " being letter of Mr. mmji* " indirectly founded," did shew much " Promptness to sS’ibid,

render the Company any Assistance within the Bounds

" of his Finances and Ability;" and that by the Sug-

gestion of the Resident Middleton, hereinbefore named,

he (the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n) in a Letter to the Go- Letter of the Directon

vernor General and Council, did make a voluntary Febru"y *4’17 3‘

" Offer to maintain 2,000 Cavalry (all he had) for our " Service;" though he was under no Obligation to MrMiddleton's Lett* " filrnish the Company with a Angle Man." to council, i«th jam

II. That the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n did even " anticipate the Wishes of tire Board;" and that " on an 1778- see ibid.

" Application made to him by Lieutenant Colonel " Muir," the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n did, " without >779- seeibid.

" Hesitation or Delay," furnish him (the said Muir) ^mSc"’i6ui with 500 of his belt Cavalry. December.

That the said Conduct of the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n Letter of Ccuncii to was communicated by the Company’s Servants, both to or*’1 e tlu,! each other, and to their Employers, with Expressions of Mr. Middleton-. l«h " Pleasure" and " particular Satisfaction," as an Event cember 1778.

" even surpassing their Expectations:" That the Gover- December nor General, Warren Hastings, was Officially requested *8Ui December 1771 to convey " the Thanks of the Board;" and that, not satisfied with the bare Discharge of his Duty, under the said ltequest, he the said Hastings did, on the 8th of January 1779, write to Fyzoola, "that his men " Name," as well as " that of the Board, he (the said " Hastings) returned him the warmest Thanks for this " Instance of his faithful Attachment to tire Company ‘

" and the English Nation."

# IV. That by the strong Expressions above recited, the said Warren Hastings did deliberately and emphatically add his own particular Confirmation to the general Testimony of the Nabob Fyzoola s meritorious Fidelity, and of his consequent Claim on the Generality, no left than the Justice, of the British Government.

Demand of Five Thousand Horse.

I. That, notwithstanding his own private Honour, thus deeply engaged, notwithstanding the Public Justice and Generality of the Company and the Nation, thus solemnly committed, disregarding the plain Import and positive Terms of the guaranteed Treaty, the Governor General, Warren Hastings aforesaid, in November 1780 (while a Body of Fyzoola Kk&n's Cavalry, voluntarily granted, were still serving under a British Officer) did recommend to the Vizier " to require from Fyzoola " Kh&n the Quota of Troops stipulated by Treaty to " be furnished by the latter for his (the Vizier’s) Service,

" being Five Thousand Horse;" though, as the Vizier did not march in Person, he was not, under any Construction of the Treaty, entitled by Stipulation, to more than " Two or Three Thousand Troops," Horse and s«« Treaty ©fun. Foot, " according to the Ability of Fyzoola Kh&nD"g' See 3 Re?* And that, whereas the said Warren Hastings would have been guilty of very criminal Perfidy, if he had Amply neglected to interfere as a Guarantee, against a Demand thus plainly contrary to the Faith of Treaty, so he aggravated the Guilt of his Perfidy, in the most atrocious Degree, by being himself the First Mover and Instigator of that Injustice, which he was bound by so many Ties on himself, the Company, and the Nation, not only not to promote, but by every Exertion of Authority, Influence, and Power, to controul, to divert, or to refill.

II. That

46 Geo. III. 5' Mail 75$

II. That the Answer of fyzoola to the Vizier

did represent, with many Expressions of Deference, Duty, and Allegiance, that 6«ngai Confuit. The whole Force allowed him was but " Five thou-

15th February „ Men," and that " these confitted of Two thousand " Horse, and Three thousand Foot; which (he adds)

" in consequence of our intimate Connection, are equally " yours and the Company’s;" though he does iubfe-questly intimate, that " the Three thousand Foot are for " the Management of the Concerns of his Jaghire, and " without them the Collections can never be made in " Time."

That on the Communication of the said Answer to the Governor General, JVarren Hastings, he the said

Hastings (who, as the Council now consisted only of EyreCoofe^ift himself, and Edward W Esquire, " united in his March 17*!. " own Person all the Powers of Government") was not

salt.^7 a*pro* induced to relax from his unjust Purpose; but did pro-»7*- ceed with new Violence to record, that

Bengal Confuit. " The Nabob Fyzoola Khan had evaded the Febaury 15111, 'ormance of his Part of the Treaty between the late

" Nabob Sifjah ul Dowtah and him, to which the Honourable Company were Guarantees, and upon which " he was lately summoned to furnish the stipulated Number of Troops, which he is obliged to furnish, on the " Condition by which he holds the Jaghire granted to " him."

That by the vague and indefinite Term of Evasion, the said Warren Hastings did introduce a loose and arbitrary Principle of interpreting formal Engagements, which ought to be regarded, more especially by Guarantees, in a Sense the most literally scrupulous and precise.

That he charged with such Evasion, a moderate, humble, and submissive Representation, on a Point which would have warranted a peremptory Refusal, and a positive Remonstrance; and that in consequence of the said imputed Evasion he indicated a Disposition to attach such a Forfeiture, as in Justice could only have followed from a gross Breach of Treaty; though the said Hastings did not then pretend any actual Infringement, even of the least among the Conditions to which, in the Name of the Company, he, the said , was the executive

Guarantee.

Mr.Haftingt’ III. That however "the Number of Troops ftipu-Tr^act^ M lated by Treaty may have been understood," at tfre ^Edlt*ca\' ®*er*od of the original Demand, " to be Five thousand tutu, iySa. ' " Horse," yet the said Warren Hastings, at the Time when he recorded the supposed Evasion of Fyzoola Khan’s Answer to the said Demand, could not be unacquainted with the express Words of the Stipulation, as a Letter of the Vizier, inserted in the same Consultation, refers the Governor General to inclosed Copies " of all Engagements entered into by the late Vizier, and by " himself (the reigning Vizier) with Fyzoola Kkan;" and that the Treaty itself therefore was at the very Moment before the said Warren Hastings; which Treaty (as the said Hastings observed with respect to another Mr*Bristow’«n Treaty, in the same of another Person) " most assuredly

Beftnce.ow* " does not contain a Syllable to justify his Conduct;

" but by the unexampled Latitude which he assumes in " his Constructions, he may, if he pleales, extort this " or any other Meaning from any Part of it."

IV. That die Vizier himself appears by no Means ‘ to have been persuaded of his own Right to Five thousand Horse under the Treaty; since in his Correspondence on the Subject, he (the Vizier) no where mentions the Treaty as the Ground of his Demand, except where he is recapitulating to the Governor General,

Hastings, the Substance of his (the said s) own

Letters; on the contrary, the Vizier hints his Apprehensions left Fyzoola Khan tliould appeal to the Treaty Against the Demand, as a Breach thereof, in which same Vo l. 41.

he (the Vizier) informs the said Hastings of the projected

Reply: " Should Fyzoola KhAn (fays the Vizier) mention®^"

" any Thing of the Tenor of the Treaty, the First 17*1.

" Breach of it has been committed by him, in keeping " up more men than allowed of by tire Treaty: have

" accordingly sent a Person to settle that Point also.

"In case he should mention to me any Thing respecting " the Treaty, I will then reproach him with having kept " up too many Troops, and will oblige him to fend the " Five thousand Horse;" thereby clearly intimating, that a Remonstrance against the Demand, as a Breach of Treaty, could only be answered by charging a prior Breach of Treaty on Fyzoola Khan; so, by annulling the whole Treaty, to reduce the Question to a mere Question of Force, and thus oblige Fyzoola Khdn to fend the " Five thousand Horse:" " For (continues the Vizier)

" if, when the Company’s Affairs, on which my Honour " depends, require it, Fyzoola KhAn will not lend his " Afiiltance, what Use is there to continue the Country " to him?"

That the Vizier actually did make his Application to Fyzoola Khan for the 5,000 Horl'e, not as for an Aid, to which he had a just Claim, but as for something over and above the Obligations of the Treaty, something " that would give Increase to their Friendship, and Ibld‘

" Satisfaction to the Nabob Governor," (meaning the said Hastings') whose Directions he represents as the Motive " of his Call for the 5,000 Horse to be em- Ibid." ployed," not in his (the Vizier’s) but in the Corapany s Service."

And that the aforesaid Warren Hastings did there- ,bid' fore, in recording the Answer of Fyzoola "Khan, as an Evasion of Treaty, act in notorious Contradiction, not only to that which ought to have been the fair Construction of the said Treaty, but to that which he the said Hastings must have known to be the Vizier’s own Interpretation of the fame, disposed as the Vizier was " to reproach Fyzoola KhAn with Breach of Treaty," and to " fend up Persons who should settle Points with " him."

V. That the said Warren H, not thinking himself justified on the mere Plea of an Evasion, to

push forward his Proceedings to that Extremity which lie seems already to have made his Scope and Object, and seeking feme better Colour for his unjust and violent Purposes, did further move, that Commissioners should be lent from the Vizier and the Company to Fyzoola KhAn, to insist on a Clause of a Treaty, which no where appears, being essentially different from the Treaty of Lall-Dang, though not in the Part on which the Requi-fition is founded: And the said Hastings did then, in a Style unusually imperative, proceed as follows:

" Demand immediate Delivery of 3,000;

" and if he should evade, or refuse Compliance, that the " Deputies shall deliver him a formal Protest against " him for Breach of Treaty; and return, making this " Report to the Vizier, which Mr. Middleton is to transmit to the Board."

VI. That the said Motion of the Governor General Hastitigs was ordered accordingly, the Council, as already has been herein related, consisting but of Two Members, and the said Hastings consequently " uniting " in his own Person all the Powers of Government"

VII. That when the said Hastings ordered the said Demand for 3,000. Cavalry, he the said Hastings well knew that a Compliance therewith, on the Part of the Nabob Fyzoola KhAn, was utterly impossible; for he, the said Hastings, had at the very Moment before him a Letter of Fyzoola KhAn, stating that he, Fyzoola KhAn,

had " but Two thousand Cavalry" altogether; which confuit.

Letter is entered on the Records of the Company, in 151 ’

the same Consultation, immediately preceding jthe Governor

\ .

75<S 5° Matt. A. 178

Charge again! t Mr. Hayings

Letter to Got. and C. 12th February 1783.

ift April 1781, Bengal Consult. 4th June 1781.

vernor General's Minute. That the said Hastings therefore knew, that the only possible Consequence of the aforesaid Demand necessarily and inevitably must be a Protest for a Breach of Treaty; and the Court of Directors did not hesitate to declare, that the said Demand " carried the -Appearance of a Determination to " create a Pretext for depriving him " of his Jaghire entirely, or to leave him at the Mercy " of the Vizier."

VIII. That Richard Johnson, Esquire, Assistant Refi-

dent at Oude, was, agreeably to the afore-mentioned Order of Council, deputed Commissioner from Mr. Middleton and the Vizier to but that he

did early give the most indecent Proofs of glaring Partiality, to the Prejudice of the said KhAn.

For that the very next Day (as it seems) alter his Arrival, he the said Johnson, from Opinions imbibed in his Journey, did (late himself to be " unwilling to draw any " favourable or flattering Inferences relatively to foe " Object of his Million;" and did studiously seek to find new Breaches of Treaty; and without any Form of regular Enquiry whatever, from a tingle Glance of his Eye in passing, did take upon himself to pronounce " the " Roll ilia Soldiers, in the District of alone,

" to be not leis than 20,000," and the Grant of course to be forfeited. And that such a gross and palpable Display of a Pre-determination to.discover Guilt, did argue in tire said Johnson a Knowledge, a strong Pre-fumption, or a Belief, that such Representations would be agreeable to the secret Willies and Views of the said Hastings, under whole Orders he the said Johnson acted, and to whom all his Reports were to be referred.

IX. That the said Richard Johnson did soon after proceed to foe immediate Object of his Million, " which " (the said Johnson relates) was short to a Degree." The Demand was made, and " a flat Refusal" given; the Question was repeated, with like Efie6t. The said Johnson, in Presence of proper Witnesses, then drew up his Protest, " together with a Memorandum of a

" five Offer made by the Nabob Fyzoola KhAn? and inserted in the Protest:

" That he would, in Compliance with the Demand, and in Conformity to the Treaty, which specified no " definite Number of Cavalry or Iff ant ry, only " sing Troops, furnHh 3,000 Men; viz, he would, in " Addition to the 1,000 Cavalry already granted, give " 1,000 more, when and wheresoever required, and " 1,000 Foot;" together with One Year’s Pay in Advance, and Funds for the regular Payment of them in future.

according to his own Military Eft&bHIhment, he could, . did, for the said Qiier, deserve rather the Thanks of the said Vizier and the Company than the Protest which the aforesaid Johnson, under the Orders did deliver.

XI. That foe Report of the said Protest, as well as the former Letter of the said Johnson, were by the Resident, Middleton, traufinitted to the Board, together with a Letter from the Vizier, founded on the said Report and Letter of the said Johnson, and proposing in consequence " to resume the Grant, and to leave Fyzoola " Khan to join his other faithlels Brethren, who were

" lent across the Ganges."

That the said Papers were read in Council on foe 4th of June 1781, when the Governor General, Warren Hastings, did move and carry a Vote to suspend a final Resolution on the fame; and the said Hastings did not exprefi any Disapprobation of the Proceedings of the said Johnson; neither did the said Hastings assign any Reasons for his Motion of Suspension, which passed without Debate. That in Truth the said Hastings had then projected a Journey up the Country to meet the Vizier, for the Settlement of Articles relative to the Regulation of Oude and its Dependencies, among which was included the Jaghire of Fyzoola KhAn; and the said Hastings, for the aforesaid Purposes, did, on the 3d of July, by his own Calling Vote, grant to himself, and did prevail on his Colleague, Edward Wheler, Esquire, to grant a certain illegal Delegation of the whole Powers of the Governor General and Council; and on the Seventh of the same Month did proceed on his Way to join the Vizier, at a. (Place called Ckunar, on the Borders of Benares;and that the aforesaid Vote of fuf-

pending a final Resolution on the Transe&ions with Fyzoola Khan, was therefore in Substance and EffeQ: a Reference thereof by the said Hastings, from himself in Council with his Colleague Wheler, to himself in Conference and Negotiation with the Vizier, who, from the First Demand of the 5,000 Horle, had taken every Occasion of shewing his Inclination to dispos-sese Fyzoola KhAn, and who, before the said Demand (in a Letter which does not appear, but which the Vizier himself quotes as antecedent (to the said Demand) had complained to the said Hastings of the " Injury " and Irregularity in the Management of foe Provinces bordering on Rampore, anting from Fyzoola " KhAn having foe uncontrouled Dominion of that " Diilria."

See Nabob's Letter, Beog.

And this (the said Rickard Johnson observes) " I Treaty of Chunar.

" put down at his (the Nabob Fyzoola KhAn's) particular Desire, but otherwise useless, as my Orders I. That the Governor General, Warren Hastings,

" (which Orders do not appear) were not to receive any being veiled with the illegal Powers before-recited, did,

" Palliation, but a Negative or Affirmative;' though on foe 19th of September 1781, enter into a Treaty such Palliation, as it is called by the said Johnson, might with the Vizier at which Treaty (as the said

be, as it was, in the ftrfeleft Conformity to foe Treaty. Hastings relates) was drawn up " from a Series of X. That in the said Offer foe Nabob Fyzoola KhAn, " Requisitions presented to him (the said Hastings') b instead of palliating, did at once admit foe extreme Right " the Vizier," and by him received " with an instant of the Vizier, under the Treaty, by agreeing to furnish " and unqualified Assent to each Article;" and that the 3,000 Men when he ( Fyzoola Khan) would have been said Hastings assigns his Reasons for such ready Assent justified in pleading his Inability to fend more than Two in the following Words: " I considered the Subjects of letter to the thousand. That such Inability would not (as appeal's) " his (the Vizier’s) Requests as essential to the Repu- M°r" h'.' 19T have been a selfe and evasive Plea, but perfectly true and .* tation of our Government, and no less to our interest Kov- »7*j- s« valid; as the Three thousand Foot maintained by I)/- " than his." H/iNar^v*,

zoola KhAn were for the Purposes of his internal Go- II. That in the said Treaty of Chunar, foe Third a. Parti vemment, for which foe whole Three thousand mull have Article is as follows: *’ u

been demonstrably necessary: And that the Nabob " That as Fyzoola KhAn has by his Breach of Treaty Fyzoola KhAn, by declining to avail himself of a Plea so " forfeited foe Protection of the English Government, fair, lb well founded, and so consonant to the Indulgence " and causes, by his Continuance in his present inde-expressly acknowledged in the Treaty, and by thus " pendent State, great Alarm and Detriment to the meeting the specific Demand of the Vizier as fully as, " Nabob Vizier, he be permitted, when Time shall suit,

02 " to

i6 Geo. III.

5° Mail

757

" to rcfnme his Lands, and pay him in Money, " through the Resident, the Amount stipulated by " Treaty, alter deducting the Amount and Charges of " the Troops he hands engaged to furnish by Treaty; " which Amount shall be passed to the Account of " the Company during the Continuance of the present " War."

III. That for the better Elucidation of his Policy in the several Articles of the Treaty above-mentioned, the said Hastings did send to the Council of Calcutta (now confiding of Edward and John

son, Esquires) Two different Copies of the said Treaty, with explanatory Minutes opposed to each Article; and that the Minute opposed to the Third Article is thus expressed:

5thly. That the said Hastings doth profess his Opinion Charge

ttpf.matorf

Vaiute.

of an Article to which he gave an " instant and " Jied Assent," that it was a Measure " by which neither

" the Vizier's nor the Company's Interests would be " moted," but from which, without some Interposition,

ill Effects" must be expected', and that the said Hastings doth thereby charge himself with a High Breach of Trust towards his Employers.

6lhly. That the said Hastings having thus confessed that, confeiously and wilfully (from what Motives he hath not chosen to confess) he did give his formal Sanction to a Measure both of Injustice and Impolicy, he the said Hastings doth urge, in his Defence, that he did at the same Time insert Words " reserving the Execution of the

against

Mr.Haftinga.

said Agreement to an indefinite Termwith an Intent The Conduct of Fyzoola Khun, in refusing the Aid that it might in Truth be never executed at all; but that mfmrlfrl thnimh 1 „n nhsnhitp nfTn>/itu " our Government might always interpose," without

Right, by Means of an indirect and undue Influence, to prevent the ill Effects following from a collusive Surrender of a clear and authorized Right to interpose; and the said Hastings doth thereby declare himself to have introduced a Principle of Duplicity, Deceit, and Double-would be of the mosteflential Service. So scrtipulous dealing, into a public Engagement, which ought in its

" demanded, though 1 not an absolute Breach of Treaty, " was evasive and uncandid. The Demand was made " for 5,000 Cavalry. The Engagement in the Treaty " is literally for 5,000 Horse and Foot. Fyzoola Khan

" could not be ignorant that we had no Occasion for any " Succours of Infantry from him, and that Cavalry

an Attention to literal Expression, zohen a more liberal Interpretation would have been highly useful and acceptable to us, strongly marks his unfriendly Disposition, though it may not impeach his , and leaves him

little Claim to any Exertions from us for the

Efience to be clear, open, and explicit; that such a Declaration tends to shake and overthrow the Confidence- of all, in the moll solemn Instruments of any Person so declaring, and is therefore an High Crime and Misdeameanour in the First executive Member of Government,

ance of his Jaghires. Buts I am of Opinion that by whom all Treaties and other Engagements of the State " neither the Vizier's nor the Company's Interests would are principally to be conduced.

" be promoted by depriving Fyzoola Khan of his Indepen- V. That by the explanatory Minute aforesaid the said

" de/icy, and I have 6 therefore reserved the Execution of JVarren Hastings doth further, in the most direct Manner, this Agreement to an indefinite Term; and our Govern- contradict his own Assertions, in the very Letter which meat may always intei'pose to prevent any ill Effects enclosed the said Minute to his Colleagues; for that one

" from it."

IV. That in his aforesaid authentic Evidence of his own Purposes, Motives, and Principles, in the Third Article of the Treaty of Chunar, the said Hastings hath established divers Matters of weighty and serious Crimination against himself.

l ft. That the said Hastings doth acknowledge therein.

of the Articles to which he there gave " instant and " unqualified Assent, as no less to our Interest than to " the Viziers," he doth here declare unequivocally to be neither to our Interests nor the; and the " un-

qualified Assent" given to the said Article is now so qualified, as wholly to defeat itself. That by such irreconcileable Contradictions the said Hastings doth incur

that he did, in a Public Inltrument, solemnly recognize the Suspicion of much criminal Misrepresentation in other " as a Breach of Treatyand as such, did subject to like Cafes of unwitnessfed Conferences; and in the present the consequent Penalties, an Act which he the said Instance (as far as it extends) the said Hastings doth Hastings did at the same Time think, and did imme- prove himself to have given an Account both of his diately"declare to be " no Breach of Treaty '' and by so Actions and Motives, by his own Confession untrue, for falsely and unjustly proceeding against a Person under the the Purpose of deceiving his Employers, which is an Company’s Guarantee; the said Hastings, on his own High Crime and Misdemeanor in a Servant of so

Confession, did himself break the' Faith of the said great Trust.

Guarantee. VI. That the said Third Article of the Treaty of

2d. That in justifying this Breach of the Company’s Chunar, as it thus Hands explained by the said Hastings

Faith, the said Hastings doth wholly abandon his Second himself, doth on the whole appear designed to hold

peremptory Demand for the 3,000 Horse, and the Protest ~ ~

consequent thereon; and the said Hastings doth thereby himself condemn the Violence and Injustice of the fame.

3dly. That in recurring to the original Demand of Five thousand Horse as the Ground of his Justification, the

the Protection of the Company in Suspence; that it acknowledges all Right of Interference to cease, but leaves it to our Discretion to determine when it will suit our Conveniency to give the Vizier the Liberty’ of acting on the Principles by us already admitted: That laid Hastings doth falsely assert " the Engagement in the it is dexterously constructed to balance the Desires of " Treaty to be litendly Five thousand Horse and Foot," One Man, rapacious and profule, against the Fears of

whereas it is in Fact for Two or Three thousand Men; and the said Hastings doth thereby wilfully attempt to deceive and mislead his Employers, which is an High Crime and Misdemeanor in a Servant of so great Trust.

4thly. That with a View to his further Justification, the said Hastings doth advance a Principle, that " a scrupulous Attention to the literal Expression" of a

another, described as of " extreme Pusillanimity, and " wealthy:" But that, whatever may have been the secret Objects of the Artifice and Intrigue confessed to form its very essence, it must on the very face of it necessarily implicate the Company in a Breach of Faith, whichever might be the Event, as they mull equally break their Faith, either by withdrawing the ir

guaranteed Treaty " leaves," to the Person lb observing Guarantee unjustly, or by continuing that Guarantee, the lame, " but little Claim to the Exertions" of in Contradiction to this Treaty of; that it

a Guarantee on his Behalf; that such a Principle is utterly subversive of all Faith of Guarantees, and is therefore highly Criminal in the First executive Member of a Government, that mult necessarily stand in that mutual Relation to many.

Yol. 41.

Letter, 3 April 77®-

thus tends to hold out to India, and to the whole World, that the public Principle of the English Government is a deliberate Syitem of Injustice, joined with Falsehood, of Impolicy, of bad Faith, and Treachery; and that the said Article is therefore in the highell

9 G Degree

5a Mail. A. 178 6.

Charge Degree derogatory to the Honour* tod injurious to the against Interests of this Nation.

Mr.Hastings.

'-----'

GENERAL

REFERENCE.

Consequences of the Treaty of Chunar.

Extrafh of Pa- I- That in Coofequepce of the Treaty of the

Ptrs prefcmej Governor General, Wa Hastings, did tend Official ,1, n.r. j,^ru^[ong> respecting the various Articles of the said Treaty, to the said Resident Middleton.; and that in a Poftscript, the said Hastings djd forbid the Resump-tion of the Nabob Fyzoola Jaghire, " until

" Circumstances may render it more expedient, and " easy to be attempted, than the present more material " Pursuits of Government make it appear;" thereby intimating a positive Limitation of the indefinite Term in the explanatory Minute above recited; and confining the Suspension of the Article to the Pressure of the War.

II. That soon after the Date of the said Instructions, and within two Months of the Signature of the Treaty of Churnr, the said Hastings did cause Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, His Majesty’s Chief Justice at Fort William, to discredit the Justice of the Crown of Great Britain, by making him the Channel of unwarrantable Communica-> Letter of Midd. tion; and did, through the said Sir Elijah, figoify to the 6°Dec! 1*7*1 ia Resident, Middleton, his (the said Hastings's) " Appro-k» 1. Voi. 1. " bation of a Subsidy from Fyzoola Khdn"

Pa£e ,s’ III. That the Resident, in Answer, represents the proper Equivalent for 2,000 Horse, and t,oooo foot (the Forces offered to Mr. Johnson by Fyzoola to

be Twelve Lacks, or 120,000l. Sterling, and upwards, each Year; which the said Resident supposes isconsider-ably beyond what he (Fyzoola Khan) will pay: " However, if it is your Wish that the Claim should " be made, I am ready to take it up* and, you may be " assured, nothing in my Power shall be left undone, to " carry it through."

Mr. BriRow’s IV. That the Reply of the said Hastings doth not Instructions to appear; but that it does appear on Record, that " a " Negociation (Mr. Johnson’s) was begun for Fyzoola 178*. " Khans Cavalry to act with General Goddard, and on

" his {Fyzoola Khdn’s) evading it, that a Sum of Money " was demanded."

Y. That in the Months of February, March, and VoMi.j'p. 10. April, the Resident Middleton did repeatedly propose the Resumption of Fyzoola Khdn’s Jaghire, agreeably to the Treaty of Chunar; and that, driven to Ejitre-

instruOions to ""ty (as said Hastings supposes) " by the Public Mr. BnAow (in " Menaces and Denunciations of the Resident and, ) 4< Minister," Hyder Beg Khan, a Creature of the said Hastings (and both the Minister and Rclident acting professedly on and under the Treaty of Chunar)

" the Nabob Fyzoola made such Preparations,

" and such a Disposition of bi6 Family and Wealth,

" as evidently manifested either an intended or an " expected Rupture."

VI. That on the 6th of May the said Hastings did fend his Confidential Agent and Friend, Major Palmer, on a private Commission to Lucknow; and that the said Palmer w as charged with Secret Instructions relative to Fyzoola Khdn, but of what Import cannot be ascertained, Vi. iv*) p. 4. the said Hastings in his Public InstructioDs having inserted only the Name of Fyzoola Khdn, as a mere Reference (according to the Explanation of the said Hastings) to what he had verbally communicated to the said Palmer; and that the said Hastings was thereby guilty of a Criminal Concealment.

Mr. Bri(W, VII. That some Time about the Month of August, inrt’ruttions to an Engagement happened between a Body of Major Palmer. Khdn sCavalry and a Part of the Vizier’s Army, in which the latter were beaten, and their Guns taken; that the Resident Middleton did represent the same but 02

IU IIIC I1UUIC

Commons,

1786.

Ex»rafts of Middleton's Letter, 15th Marti! 1781.

as a flight and accidental Affray: That it was acknow- (in n* u ledged the Troops of the Vizier were’ the Aggressors; VoL that it did appear to the Board, and to the said Hastings himself, an Affair of more considerable Magnitude, and that they did make the Concealment thereof an Article of Charge against the Resident Middleton, though the said Resident did in Truth acquaint them with the fame, but in a cursory Manner.

VIII. That immediately after the said " Fray" at

Daranagur, the Vizier (who was " but a Cypher in

" the Hands" of the Minister and the Resident, both of them directly appointed and supported by the said Hastings) did make of Fyzoola Khdn a new Demand, equally contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of ‘the Treaty, as his former Requisitions: Which new M»j<* l’ainw. Demand was, for the Detachment in Garriibn at Da- ranagur to be cantoned, as a stationary Force at -now, the Capital of the Vjzier; whereas he (the Vizier) had only a Right to demand an occasional Aid to join his Army in the Field, or in Garrison during a War.

But the said new Demand being evaded, or rather refused, agreeable to the fair Construction of the Treaty by the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, the Matter was for the present dropped.

IX. That in the Letter, in which the Resident,

Middleton, did mention " what he calls the'Fray" afore-

laid, the said Middleton did again apply for the Resump-tion of the Jaghire of Rampore; and, that the Objections against the Measure being now removed (by the separate Peace with Stindia) be defined to know if the Board " would give Affqrances of their Support to the Vizier,

" in case, which (fays the Resident) I think very pro able,

" his (the Vizier’s) own Strength should be found unequal to the Undertaking."

X. That although the said Warren Hastings did make the foregoing Application a new Charge against the Resident, Middleton, yet the said Hastings did only criminate the said Middleton for a Proposal, tending " at such a Crisis to increase the Number of our Enemies," and did, in no Degree, either in his Articles of Charge or in his accompanying Minutes, exprese any Disapprobation whatever of the Principle; that in Truth the whole Proceedings of the said Resident were the natural Result of the Treaty of Chunar: That the said Proceedings were, from Time to Time, communicated to the said Hastings.

That as he no where charges any Disobedience of Orders on Mr. Middleton with respect to Fyzoola Khdn, it may be justly inferred that the said Hastings did not interfere to check the Proceedings of the said Middleton on that Subject; and that by such criminal Neglect the said Hastings did make the Guilt of the said Middleton, whatever it might be, his own.

Pecuniary Commutation of the stipulated Aid.

I. That on the Charges, and for the Misdemeanors above specified, together with divers other Accusations, the Governor General, Warren Hastings, in September 1782, did remove the aforesaid Middleton from his Office of Resident at Oade, and did appoint thereto John Bristow, Esquire, whom he had Twice before, without Cause, recalled from the same; and that about the same Time the said Hastings did believe the Mind of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn to be so irritated, in consequence of the above recited Conduct of the late Resident Middleton, and of his (the said Hastings's) own criminal Neglect, that he the said Hastings found it necessary to write to Fyzoola Khdn, assuring him " of the favourable Disposition of the Government " toward him while he shall not have forfeited it by

" auy

26 Geo. IIL 5° M759

" any improper 000(108:.'* Eut that the said Aflur- ances of the Governor General did not tend, as ibon after appeared, to raise much Confidence in the Nabobs over whom a public Instrument of the same Hastings was full holding the Terrors of a Deprivation of his Jaghire, and an Exile " among his other faithless " Brethren across the Ganges."

II. That on the Subje8 of Khdn, the said

Hastings, in life Inst.ru 6tions to the new Resident, Bristow, did leave him to be guided by his own Discredon; but (he adds) " be careful to prevent the Vizier’s Affairs from being involved with new Difficulties, while " he has already fb many to opprefe him;" thereby plainly hinting at foine more deciftve Measures, whenever the Vizier should be less oppressed with Difficulties.

III. That the Resident, Bristow, after acquainting

the Governor General with his Intentions, did under the said Instru8ions renew the aforesaid Claim for a Sum of Money, but with much Caution and Circumspection, distantly founding Allis the Vakeel (or Envoy) of

kflr«a!onTto Fyzoola Khdn, at the Court of the Vizier: That " Allis

Maj.-r Palmer, " Khdn wrote to his Master on the Subje8, and in

December Answer he was directed not to agree to the granting " of any pecuniary Aid."

IV. That the Resident Bristow did then openly depute Major Palmer aforesaid, with the Concurrence of the Vizier, and the Approbation of the Governor General, to the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, at Rampore; and that the said Palmer was to " endeavour to convince the " Nabob, that all Doubts of his Attachment to the Vizier " are ceased-, and whatever Claims may be made on,

" are founded upon the Basis of his Interest and Adoantage, and a Plan of establishing his Right to the " Possession of his JaghireThat the iudden ceasing

of the said Doubts, without any Enquiry of the ilighteli Kind, doth warrant a strong Presumption of the Resident’s Conviction that they never really existed, but were artfully feigned, as a Pretence for some harsh Interpolation j and that the indecent Mockery of establishing, as a Matter of Favour for a pecuniary Consideration, Rights which were never impeached hut by the Treaty of Chunar (an Instrument recorded by Warren Hastings himself to be founded on Falsehood and Injustice) doth powerfully prove the true Purpose and Object of all the Duplicity, Deceit, and Double-dealing, with which that Treaty was projected and executed.

V. That the said Palmer was instructed by the Resident Bristow, with the subsequent Approbation of the Governor General, " to obtain from Fyzoola Khdn an " Annual Tribute;" to which the Resident adds: "

can procure from him, over and above this, a Pescush " Cor Fine) of at least Five Lacks, it would be rendering an efleotial Service to the Vizier, and add to the " Jidence his Excellency would hereafter repose in the " Attachment of the Nabob Fyzoola Cawn."

And that the said Governor General, , did

give the following extraordinary Ground of Calculation as the Bafif of the said Palmer's Negociation for the Annual Tribute aforesaid: ciuTwr Bori" " was certainty understood at the Time the Treaty

K^j/nuJy' " was concluded (of which this Stipulation was a Part) *i<i, i7»j. <« |^at applied solely to Cavalry; as the Nabob Vizier

u possessing the Service of our Forces, could not possibly " require Infantry, and least of all such Infantry as " Fyzoola Cawn could furnish; and a single Horseman " included in the Aid which Fyzoola Cawn might,

" would prove a literal Compliance with the said Stipulotion. The Number therefore of Horse implied by " it, ought at least to be ascertained: will suppose

Five thousand, and allowing the Exigency for their Attendance to cxift only in the Proportion of One Vol. 41.

" Year in Five, reduce the Demand to One thousand charge

for the Computation of the Subsidy, which at the opuut " Rate of fifty Rupees per Man will amount to Fifty *ir- Halting*. " tlioufend per Mensem. This may serve for tire Bafts

of this Article in the Negociation upon it."

VI. That the said Warren Hastings doth then continue to inftni8 the said Palmer, in the Alternative of a Refufel from Fyzoola Khdn.

If Fyzoola Khdn shall refute to treat for a Subsidy,

*- and claim the Benefit of life original Agreement in " its literal Expression, he possesses a Right which zee cannot dispute, and it will in that Cale remain only to fix the precise Number of Horse which he shall " furnish, which ought at least to exceed 2,500."

VII. That in the above-recited Instruction, the said Warren Hastings doth insinuate (for he doth not directly assert)

lft. That we are entitled by Treaty to 5,000 Troops; which be fays were undoubtedly intended to be alt Cavalry.

2d. That the said Hastings doth then admit, " that" a single Horseman, included in the Aid furniQied by Fyzoola Khdn, would prove a literal Compliance.

3d. That the said Hastings doth next resort again to the Supposition of our Right to the whole 5,000 Cavalry.

4th. That the said Hastings doth afterwards think, in the Event of an Explanation of the Treaty, and a Settlement of the Proportion of Cavalry, instead of a pecuniary Commutation, it will be all we can demand, that the Number should at least exceed 2,500.

5th. That the said Hastings doth, in calculating the foppoied Time of their Service, assume an arbitrary Estimate of One Year of War to Four of Peace; which (however moderate the Calculatiou may appear on the Average of the said Hastings's own Government) doth involve a Principle in a considerable Degree repugnant to the Syftetn of perfect Peace, inculcated in the Standing Orders of the Company.

6th. That in estimating the Pay of the Cavalry to be commuted, the said Hastings doth fix the Pay of each Man at 50 Rupees a Month; which on 5,000 Troops, all Cavalry (as the said Hastings supposes the Treaty of Kail-Dang to have meant) would amount to an Exponcc of 30 Lacks a Year, or between 300,000l. or 400,000l.

And this Expence, ftri8)y reful ting (according to the Calculations of the said Hastings) from the Intention of Sty ah tdDowlah's Grant to Fyzoola Khdn, was designed

to be supported out of a Jaghire, valued at 15 Lacks only, or something more than 150,000l. of Yearly Revenue, just Half the Amount of the Expence to be incurred in Consideration of the said Jaghire.

And that a Basis of Negociation ft> inconsistent, lo arbitrary, and so unjust, is contrary to that U prightness and Integrity, which should mark the Transetiions of a great State, and fe highly derogatory to the Honour of this Nation.

VIII. That notwithstanding the seeming Moderation and Justice of the said Hastbigs, in admitting the clear and undoubted Right of Fyzoola Khdn to infill on his Treaty, the Head of Instruction immediately succeeding doth afford just Reason for a violent Presumption, that such apparent Lenity was but Policy, to give a Colour to his Condu8; he the said Hastings, in the very next Paragraph, bringing forth a new Engine of Oppression, as follows:

" To demand the Surrender of all the Reiats (or o*.

" PeafeoU) of the Nabob Vizier’s Dominions, to whom " Fyzoola has given Protection and Service, or an Annual " Tribute, in Compensation for the Loss sustained by the " Nabob Vizier in his Revenue, thus transferred to " Fyzoola Cawn,

" Yoa

Charge against M r. Mailings.

Mr. Bristow's Letter of ln-structions, 28th December.

7 60

50 Mail.

A, 1786.

"You have fiated the Encrease of his Jaghire, occasioned by this Afit, at the moderate Sum of Fifteen Lacks. The Tribute ought at least to be One " Third of that Amount.

" We conceive that Fyzool Khan himself may be " disposed to yield to the preceding Demand, on the " additional Condition of being allowed to hold his " Lands in Ultumgaw (or an inheritable Tenure) instead " of his present Tenure by Jagheer (or a Tenure for " Life). This we think the Vizier can have no Objection to grant, and we recommend it; but for this a " Fine or Peshcush ought to be immediately paid in the " customary Proportion of the estimated at 30

" Lacks."

IX. That the Resident Bristow (to whom the Letter, containing Major Palmer's Instrufitions, is adressed) no where attributes the Increase of Fyzoola Khans Revenues to this Protefition of the fugitive Reiats, Subjects of the Vizier: That the said Warren Hastings was, therefore, not warranted to make that a Pretext of such a peremptory Demand: That as an Inducement to make Fyzoola Khan agree to the said Demand, it is offered to lcttle his Lands upon a Tenure, which would secure them to his Children; but that Settlement is to bring with it a new Demand of a Fine of Thirty Lacks, or 300,0001, and upwards: That the Principles of the said Demand are violent and despotic, and the Inducement to Acquiescence deceitful and insidious; and that both the Demand and the Inducement are derogatory to the Honour of this Nation.

X. That Major Palmer aforesaid proceeded under these Instrufitions to Rampore, where his Journey, " to'

" extort a Sum of Money," wa3 previously known, from Allis Khan, Vakeel of Fyzoola at the Vizier’s

Court; and that, notwithstanding the Assurances of the friendly Disposition of Government, given by the said Hastings (as is herein related) the Nabob Fyzoola Khan did express the most serious and desponding Apprehen-fions, both by Letter and through his Vakeel, to the Resident Bristow, who represents them to Major Palmer in the following Manner:

" The Nabob Fyzoola Khdn complains of the Distresses he has this Year suffered from the Drought.

" The whole Collefitions have, with great Management,

" amounted to about Twelve Lacks of Rupees, from " which Sum he has to support his Troops, his Family,

" and several Relations and Dependents of the late " Rohilla Chiefs. He says, it clearly appears to be " tended to deprive him of his as the high

" Demand you have made of him is . Should

" he have assented to it, it would be impossible to perform the Conditions, and thee his Reputation would " be injured by a Breach of Agreement. Allis Khdn " further represents, that it is his Master's Intention,

" in case the Demands should not be relinquished by you,

" first to proceed to Lucknowwhere he proposes " an Intervicio with the Vizier and the Resident; if

" he should not be able to obtain his own Terms for a " future Possession of his Jaghire, he will set off for " Calcutta, in order to pray for Justice from the Honourable the Governor General. He observes, it is " the Custom of the Honourable Company, when they deprive a Chief of his Country, to grant him some " Allowance. This he expects from Mr. Hastings's " Bounty; but if he should be disappointed, he will " certainly set off upon a Pilgrimage to Mecca and " Medina, and renounce the Cares of the World."

" He directs his Vakeel to ascertain whether the " English intend to deprive him of his Country; for if " they do, he is ready to surrender it, upon receiving an " Order from the Resident."

XI. That after much Negociation, the Nabob Fyzoola

Khdn, " being fully sensible that an Engagement to i-etterfrom " furnish Military Aid, however clearly the Conditions " might be stated, must be a Source of perpetual - >7*3understanding and Inconveniencies," did at Length agree with Major Palmer to give Fifteen Lacks, or 1,50,000l. and upwards, by Four Instalments, that he might be exempted from all future Claims of Military Service: That the said Palmer represents it to be his Belief, " that no Person not known to possess your " (the said Hastings's)Confidence and Support in the

" Degree that I am supposed to do, would have obtained " nearly so good Terms;" but from what Motive " Terms f'o good " were granted, and how the Confidence and Support of the said Hastings did truly operate on the Mind of Fyzoola Khdn, doth appear to be better explained by another Passage in the same Letter, where the said Palmer congratulates himself on the Satisfaction which he gave to Fyzoola Khdn, in the Conduct of this Negociation, as he spent a Month in order to effefit " by Argument and Persuasion, what he " could have obtained in an Hour by Threats and

pulsions"

Full Vindication of Fyzoola Khdn, by Major Palmer and Mr. Hastings.

I. That in the Course of the said Negociation for establishing the Rights of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn,

Major Palmer aforesaid did communicate to the Resident 44th jammy Bristow, and through the said Resident to the Council *7*3’ General of Bengal, the full and direfit Denial of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn to all and every of the Charges made or pretended to be made against him, as follows:

" Fyzoola Khdn persists in denying the Infringement " on his Part of any One Article in the Treaty, or " the Neglect of any Obligation which it imposed upon " him.

" He does not admit of the Improvements reported " to be made in his Jaghire, and even asserts, that " the Collefitions this Year will fall short of the original " Jurnma (or Estimate) by Reason of the long Drought.

" He denies having exceeded the limited Number " of Rohillas in his Service;

And having refuted the required Aid of Cavalry,

" made by Johnson, to afit with General Goddard.

" He observes, respefiting the Charge of evading " the Vizier’s Requisition for the Cavalry, lately stationed at Daranagur, to be stationed at " that he is not bound by Treaty to maintain a stationary Force for the Service of the Vizier, but to " supply an Aid of 2,000 or 3,000 Troops in Time " of War.

" Lastly, he asserts, that so far from encouraging " the Ryots (or Peasants) of the Vizier to settle in his " Jaghire, it has been his constant Prafitice to deliver " them up to the Aumil of Rohilcund, whenever he " could discover them."

II. That in giving his Opinions on the aforesaid Denials of the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, the said Palmer did not controvert any One of the Construfitions of the Treaty advanced by the said Nabob.

That although the said Palmer, " from general Appearances, as well as univerlal Report, did not doubt " that the Jurnma of the Jaghire is greatly yet he, the said Palmer, did not intimate that it was encrealed in any Degree near the Amount reported, as it was drawn out in a regular Estimate, transmitted to the said Palmer expressly for the Purposes of his Negociation; which was of course by him produced ftnilions, is* to the Nabob Fyzoola Khdn, and to which specifically the Denial of Fyzoola Khdn must be understood to *7 *" apply.

That

26 Geo. III. 5° Mali. j6i

That the said Palmer did not hint any Doubt of the Deficiency affirmed by Khan, in the Collec-

tions for the current Year: And,

That if any Encrease of Jumma did truly exist, whatever it may have been, the said Palmer did acknowledge it " to have been solemnly relinquished " (in a private Agreement) by the Vizier."

That although the said Palmer did suppose the Number of Rohillas (employed " in ordinary Occupations) in Rampore alone, to exceed that limited by " the Treaty, for his ( F,) Service yet the said Palmer did by 110 Means imply that the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n maintained in his Service a single Man more than was allowed by Treaty; and by a particular and minute Account of the Troops of Fyzoola Kh&n, transmitted by the Resident Bristow to the said the Number was dated but at 5,840, probably including Officers, who were not understood to be comprehended in the Treaty.

That the said Palmer did further admit it " to be not " clearly expressed in the Treaty, whether the Restriction included Rohillas of all Descriptionsbut at any Rate, he adds, " it does not appear that their " Number is formidable; or that he (Fyzoola Kh&n)

" could by any Means subsist such Numbers as could " cause any serious Alarm to the Vizier; neither is " there any Appearance of their entertaining any Views beyond the quiet Pofl&ffion of the Advantages which " they at present enjoy."

And that in a subsequent Letter, in which the said Palmer thought it prudent " to vindicate himself from any possible Insinuation that he meant to sacrifice the 41 Vizier’s Interest," he, the said , did positively

attest the new Claim on Fyzoola Khan for the Protection of the Vizier’s Ryots to be wholly without Foundation; as the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n " had proved to him " ( Palmer) by producing Receipts of various Dates,

" and for great Numbers of these People surrendered " upon Requisition from the Vizier’s Officers."

III. That, over and above the aforesaid complete Refutation of the different Charges and Pretexts under which Exactions had been practised, or attempted to be practised, on the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n, the said Palmer did further condemn, altogether, the Principle of Calculation assumed in such Exactions (even if they had been founded in Justice) by the following Explanation of the Nature of the Tenure, by which, under the Treaty of Lall-Dang, the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n held his possessions as a Jaghierda.

" There are no Precedents in the ancient Usage of " the Country for ascertaining the Nuzzerana (customary 4* Present) or Peefchufh (regular Fine) of Grants of u this Nature: They were bestowed by the Prince as Rewards or Favours; and the accufitomary Present in Return was adapted to the Dignity of the Donor,

rather than to the Value of the Gift; to which it never, xt I believe, bore any kind of LftwtoDi- IV. That a Sum of Money (" which of course was iSa^ilsj- " to be received by the Company") being now ob-EipUnatory tained, and the " Interests both of the Company and the Miaou 00 the Vizier" being thus much " better by

Tmtjofcku- t( establishing the Rights'’ of Fyzoola Kh&n, than they

could have been by " depriving him of his when every undue Influence of secret and criminal Purposes was removed from the Mind of the Governor General, IVairen Hastings, Esquire, he, the said Hastings, did also concur with his Friend and Agent, Major Palmer, in the Vindication of the Nabob Fyzoola Kh&n, and in the most ample Manner, utut» ni- That the said Warren Hastings did now clearly and Mmh’and explicitly understand the Clauses of the Treaty " That stbAprii 17S3. Fyzoola Kh&n should fend Two or Three (and not Vex.. 41.

" Five) thousand Men, or attend in Person, in case it Charge " was requisite." xfTfafimcs.

That the said Warren Hastings did now confess, that r‘ the Right of the Vizier under the Treaty was at bed;

" but a precarious and unserviceable Right; and that " he thought 15 Lacks, or 150,00 and upwards,

" an ample Equivalent," (or, according to the Expression of Major Palmer, an excellent Bargain,) as in Truth it was, " for expunging an Article of such a Tenor,

" and so loosely worded." And finally, that the said Hastings did give the following Description of the general Character, Disposition, and Circurostances of the Nabob Fyzoola Khan.

" The Rumours which had been spread of his hostile " Designs against the Vizier were totally groundless;

" and if he had been inclined, he had not the Means to " make himself formidable; on the contrary, being in the Decline of Life, and possessing a very fertile and " prosperous Jaghire, it is more natural to suppose that " Fyzoola Khan wishes to spend the Remainder of his "Days in Quietnels, than that he is preparing to einbark in active and ostensive Scenes, which must end " in his own Definition."

V. Yet that, notwithstanding this virtual and implied Crimination of his whole Conclut toward the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, and after all the aforesaid Acts, systematically prosecuted in open Violation of a positive Treaty against a Prince who had an Hereditary Right to more than he atually possessed, for whose Prote61ion the Faith, of the Company and the Nation was repeatedly pledged, and who had deserved and obtained the public Thanks of the British Government, when, in Allusion to certain of the said Acts, the Court of Direfitors had expressed to the said Hastings their Wifiies, " to be considered " rather as the Guardians of the Honour and Property of the Native Powers, than as the Instruments of " Oppression;" he, the said Hastings, in Reply to the said Directors, his Matters, did conclude his Official Account of the final Settlement with Fyzoola Kh&n, with the following indecent, because unjust, Exultation:

" Such are the Measures which we shall ever wish " to observe towards our Allies, or Dependants, upon " our Frontiers."

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Article be printed, as (Hall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Article be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings,

Esquire, which were presented to the House by Mr.

Burke, upon the 4th Day of April last, are referred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies East India or Duplicates of any Letters or Proceedings of the Cover- Affa'rs-nor General and Council, relative to the Appointment of Rajah Nobkissen to any Office or Employment in the Management or Collection of the Revenues of Burdwan, or any other Office of Trust and Authority in that District.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ld; Carte-to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the £^*(e&c" Right honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and a his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sydney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary Week, otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of Wilshamstead, otherwise

9 H Wilstcad,

Duties on Vine.

Militia.

Southern

Whale

Fishery.

Battens and Deals.

Shipping and Navigation.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

76% 5* — 8° Mali. . 1786.

IVilstcad, in the County of Bedford, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon Wine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into England, from Christmas 1690 to -mas 1785; distinguishing the Quantity and Species of Wine imported in each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the find Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws respecting the Southern Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Southern Whale Fishery, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates upon Battens and Deals, and granting new Rates thereupon, and for ascertaining the Dimensions of Battens and Deals.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolva itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolvfe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Reduction of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain National Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, Debt* to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, was re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Perfumery, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HairPowder, House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty c* certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame.

And then the Hoafe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 8* die Mail.

Anno 26° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Shopkeepers and Traders Hawker* ud of the Town of Wellington, in the County of Ptdlars* Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Indulgences intended to be granted by a Bill now before the House, for repealing several Clauses of the Act, made last Session of Parliament, for-laying additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and regulating their Trade, will, if passed into a Law, prove highly detrimental to the resident Trader; and that the Petitioners, in common with other Traders who inhabit Market Towns, will be particularly injured by the Clause which disables Hawkers and Pedlars from vending, felling, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any City, Borough, or Corporate Town, in England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Suburbs thereof, except upon Market or Fair Days, but which Clause does not extend to Market Towns: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and, as they bear their Proportion of Taxes with Cities, Boroughs, and Corporate Towns, that they may enjoy the same Privileges, and be included in the Benefit of whatever Restrictions the House may fee meet to lay on Hawkers and Pedlars in the Bill now before them.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and other Inha- Ditto, bitants of the City of Ereter, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade; and that the Petitioners prefome, that the principal Object of the said Act was to make some Compensation to the resident Trader for the partial and oppressive Tax laid on Retail Shops, but, they apprehend, that if the Provisions contained in the said Act are repealed, as proposed by the present Bill, the good Intent of the Whole of the said Act will be entirely frustrated, and the resident Trader will receive as much Injury by Hawkers and Pedlars, felling'

near

26 Geo. III. 8°

7*3

near to the Suburbs of any City, Borough, or Corporate Town, as if they were permitted to come into the same, and there fell their Goods; and Representing to the House, That the City of Exeter must, from its Situation, feel, in a particular Manner, the ill Effects of the Trade which Hawkers and Pedlars will, under the Bill now depending, if it should pals into a Law, be enabled to carry on, as they will, at all Times, be at Liberty to fell their Goods within the adjacent Parish of Saint Thomas, which, though situate in the County of Devon, is separated from the City by the River only, and is equally convenient for Hawkers and Pedlars to come into for the Purpose of exposing their Goods for Sale to the Inhabitants of Exeter, as any Part of the City itself: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, for the Reasons before stated, but that the Provisions of the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and especially the Clause prohibiting Hawkers and Pedlars from coining within Two Miles of any City or Market Town, may {till continue in Force.

Hawkrn and A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Manufacturers, and edlare. Traders of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, finding that a Bill is brought into Parliament, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the last Session, relating to Hawkers, as restrains them from felling Goods in Market Towns, and, having considered the Intention thereof, conceive that a Bill for the repealing of any Part of the said Act, is an express Contradiction to the Principle laid down by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on his introducing that Bill into Parliament for the Relief of the resident Traders in Compenfotion for the oppressive Tax they are now subject to; and, the Petitioners request that l'uch Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Hawkers and Pedlars, be and remain under, and subject to, the like Penalties and Forfeitures as the same now is, for that such Act (if repealed) will not only be oppressive, but exceedingly injurious and detrimental to the resident Traders within the City of Wells: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their serious Consideration.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the County of Montgomery, and Counties adjacent, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, for many Years pall, found it convenient, and been accustomed, to deal with Licensed Hawkers and Pedlars, by whom they have been supplied with Linen, Cotton, and Silk Goods, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, at as fair and reaion-able Prices as elsewhere, at their own Houses, without the Expence of travelling to Market Towns, and have always found them honest and upright in all their Dealings; and Representing to the House, That by the 9th and 1 ith Sections of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for laying an additional Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, the Petitioners are deprived of the Benefit of dealing with Hawkers and Pedlars, and they are also not only limited so much in their Trade, as not to be able to carry it on to enable them to pay their Creditors, the Duty to Government, and maintain themselves and Families in any Degree of Comfort, but are liable to be fopprefied and prevented from carrying it on at all, without a Charge of Guilt, or being heard in their own Defence: And therefore praying the House to repeal the said Sections, and to regulate the said Trade in such Manner as they shall think lit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to Vox. 41.

" His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, " Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Tow ns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Heige, *c. the Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road R0<1(l* from Ileage, in the County of Derby, through Atfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- Newcastle

mittee, to whom the Bill for widening, enlarging, and Streets cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, r e s’ c‘ and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Stamp several Owners of Estates and Inhabitant Householders within Shire Lane Ward, in the Parish of Saint Clement 'lin Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Owners of Estates and Inhabitant Householders within the said Ward, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners,

Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place: And that the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney Goneral, Mr. Galley Knight, and Sir Richcrrd Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Carlifl*

Road

Newport,

1. of Wight, Streets.

Kidwelly, Ac. Roads*

Cheltenham

Streets.

764 8° Mali. A. 1786.

Sir Matlheto White Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne as as is within the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in The Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rush-worth, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir William Mansel reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo Dif-trict of the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kernien Bridge to Gr Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from Pont y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evans Rees's House to join the last mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop, near Pont ar Dylas Turnpike Gate, to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gurreoach Turnpike Gate to Pom-pren Penpwll, and from Cefn Glasfryn to Pompren

Penpwll, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing within the several Parishes of Conwyl Cayo, Llansawell, Lla-nycrwys, Uanybuther, Pencarre and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen, employed in Husbandry, and the Improvement and Tillage of the Lands in the said respective Parishes, in Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons resident in the same Parishes, or either of them, was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Foot Ways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Ship Owner* the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, a"iMaster»An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be " answerable for the Acts of the Masters or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Scotch according to Order, a Bill for discharging the Payment Judge* of of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Admiralty. Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts, in Lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Criminal* in according to Order, a Bill for establishing a regular Scotland" Method of assessing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to defray the Expence of prosecuting Criminals, and of managing the Fund thence arising, and regulating the Nomination of Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 21st Day Island of, of March last, was made from the Committee to whom ^uftatiui the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons entitled to a Share of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, on Behalf of themselves and all others entitled to the said captured Property, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Shipping sad resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Navlsati<"' the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ]

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said Com- '

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideratbn, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

_ Ordered,

‘ by

Southern

Whale

Yilherj.

26 Geo. III. 8° M. 765

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Confederation the Laws respecting the Southern Whale Fishery, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the following Bounties, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be allowed to Fifteen Ships of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, built, owned, and navigated according to Law, and employed in the Southern Whale Fishery, and which shall pals, for the Purpose of carrying on the said Fishery, to the Southward of the Seventh Degree of North Latitude, that is to say; to the Three Vessels which shall fb fail, between the First Day of May and the First Day of July, in each Year, and shall first return before the First Day of July in the following Year, to any Port of Great Britain, with the greatest Quantity of Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, not less than Tw enty Tons, being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, taken or killed by the Crews of such Vessels, a Bounty of Five hundred Pounds each; to the Three Vessels that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of l'uch Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Four hundred Pounds each; to the Three Vessels that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Three hundred Pounds each; to the Three Vessels that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Two hundred Pounds each; and to the Three Vessels that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of One hundred Pounds each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the following Bounties, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be allowed to Five Ships of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, built, owned, and navigated according to Law, and employed in the Southern Whale Fishery, and which shall pass to the Southward of Thirty-six Degrees of South Latitude; that is to say, to the Vessel which shall so fail between the First Day of May and the First Day of July, in each Year, and shall first arrive, in not less than Eighteen Months, and not more than Twenty-eight Months, from tire said First Day of May, in any Port of Great Britain, with the greatest Quantity of Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, not less than Twenty Tons, being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, taken or killed by the Crew of such Vessel, a Bounty of Seven hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Six hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Five hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall fail and arrive, in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Vol. 41.

Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Four hundred Pounds; and to the Vessel that shall fail and arrive in like Manner, within the Periods before-mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, Blubber, or Head Matter, a Bounty of Three hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Oil, Blubber, and Head Matter, being the Produce of any Whale or WT hales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, and all Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, taken or caught by any of His Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, in Ships built, owned, and navigated according to Law, be allowed to be imported Duty-free.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refelutions: And that Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Mu and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gende-men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for further extending, encouraging, and regulating the said Fishery.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Stirling being examined, laid, That the Grand Jury for the said County did, on the 24th Day of July, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, present that the House of Correction for the said County was in a ruinous State, insecure, and by no Means large enough, or sufficiently airy, for the Confinement of the Number of Prisoners generally therein confined, or capable of answering the general Purposes of a House of Correction; in Proof of which he produced to your Committee the original Presentment of the said Grand Jury. And being further examined, he laid, That the Magistrates of the County have fixed upon a Piece of Ground, where a proper and commodious House of Correction may be built.

Sir Robert Taylor being then examined, said, That the Expence of purchasing the Ground, and building such House of Correction, and making proper Accommodations thereto, will amount to a very large Sum of Money, which, if raised according to the Mode prescribed by the present Laws for that Purpose, will be a much heavier Burthen upon the present Inhabitants of the said County, than if the same was to be raised by. the granting of Annuities for Lives, to be paid by a Rate to be made upon the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be giveu to bring in a Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the

9 I laid

Barking

Workhouse.

Middlesex House of Correction.

Viscount G allway's Estates.

Sudbury

Magistrates.

Admiralty

Office.

Hawkers and

Pedlars

Licences.

Westminster

Paving.

8° Mail A. 1786.

said County: And that Mr. M Mr. Alderman Wilkes, and Sir Herbert Mackworth, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Henry William Arundell Viscount Gallway, in Trusteea, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Langston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for increasing the Number of Magistrates for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, in certain Cafes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Cockerell, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, attended at the Door he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Plan of the new Building intended to be erected adjoining to the Admiralty Office.

Ana then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Plan was read.

Ordered, That the said Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont, one of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, for the Three last Years; dise tinguishing the Number granted in each Year, and an Account of the Number of such Licences granted in this Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

01

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the Cky and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Selby, &c. passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his ttoad* late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several SinningtoD, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within *c.Indofore. the Manors of Sinninglon with Marton, and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Sinnington with Marton, and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Offence* Reading of the Bill for the further Regulation of the 11

Trial of Persons aCcufed of certain Offences committed 1 ’ ,t,‘

in The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possesfions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicatore for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in The East ," as requires the Servants of the India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to The East Indies, and, for the more ealy Proof in certain Cafes of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesialticil the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more ealy Reco- Courts, very of Small Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Elections — efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, County

___Voters.

i6 Geo. III. 8° M767

upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

DntiM on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Wme' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon Wine, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable by several Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third, Eighteenth, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon the Importation of all Wines into this Kingdom, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties of 5/. per , and of

51.per Centum, imposed by Two several Acts of the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Produce of the Duties under the Management of the Cotnmiftioners of the Customs in Great Britain, so tar as the same imposes additional Duties upon the Produce of the Duties on Wines granted by several Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third, Eighteenth, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu, and instead of the said Duties, an Inland Duty of 35/. 145. />erTon, he imposed upon all Wines; and an Inland Duty of 17/ 17#. per Ton upon all other Wines imported into this Kingdom.

The said Resolutious being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quetiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of " His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in ;" for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties " to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying " the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing " the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of " King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, " and for the better securing the Plantation Trade;" " and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually " preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to " and firom the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and " Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain and amend the said Act relative to the Sale of Ships and Goods condemned in the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Wine Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

licences. Account of the Number of Wine Licences granted for the last Five Years; distinguishingeach Year.

Coal Trade. Sir Watkin Lewes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasureinent of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Manifests. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-laoding of Goods;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in; for

" continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act, " passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Vox,. 41.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, St. Margaret, a Bill for making an additional Rate upon the Inhabitants of the Panlhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John ' er‘ the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, to defray the Expence of a proper Patrol within the said Parishes:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into Coal Trade. One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fox, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mi*. Steele, according to Order, reported from the HedafUon of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for £^t°u>1 vesting certain Sums in Cotnmiftioners at the End ofu every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction

Duties on Tobacco.

768 8* Mali.A. 178

of the National t)ebt, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 12. 1. 7, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 12.1. 7, which was to leave out from " Par" to "And" in Fo. 13.1. 10. and insert " in such Manner and at such Periods as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, or to " the Purchase of any redeemable Public Annuities " below Par, in the Manner herein after directed," being read a Second Time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " as " shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament," in order to insert the Words " as is herein after " directed" instead thereof;

The House was moved, That an AO, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for converting " the several Annuities therein mentioned into several " Joint Stocks of Annuities, transterrable at the Bank " of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and " also for consolidating the several other Annuities " therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the South Sea House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing " the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Perfumery, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^"rPowdfr* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refelve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Deduction* Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of from ^a*a* the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the nes’ c' Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of ' &f'

His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to latisty the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on ♦Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of Wiau*

His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on single Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Two-Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of ^ve"tb* His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1786, C1 e* on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

Battens and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Deals. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates upon Battens and Deals, and granting new Rates thereupon, and for ascertaining the Dimensions of Battens and Deals, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Suppty* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committeo of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of Lives-His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of Januaty 1786.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Duties on better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Starch. Frauds on the said Duties: And that Mr. Rose, Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Warren Hastings, late Governor General Charge of Bengal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting against forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that, Mr. Halting, on the 5th of this Instant May, Mr. Burke, in his Place, delivered in an Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be furnished with a Copy of the said Charge, and that he may be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charge in such Manner as the House shall be pleased to direct.

Ordered, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire,

be

16 Geo. III. 8° — 90

be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charge, and that he be allowed a Copy of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, on the Matter of the said Charge.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Charges The Jioufe resolved itself into a Committee of the

Mr'lla/Uiigj. whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St.John reported from the Committee, That they

bad examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved., That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered That the several ns who were ordered

to' attend the said Committee this Day (except Major MarsacU) do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Perfo ns to attfod.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bacon, from the First Fruits. First Fruits Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prelected to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue of the First Fruits of the Clergy, for the last Ten Years, viz. from the Year 1776 to the Year 1785, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House bein^ informed that Mr. Morton, from the East India Directors of the Last Lidia Company, attended at the At,iirs-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

Copy of Proceedings, tfc. of the Governor General and Council relative to the Appointment of Rajah Nob-kissen, to the SezawuKliip or Controul of the Revenue of the District of Burdivan, in Bengal.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Copy, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

SmneWet

Hoof*.

Tenths granted to Clergy.

Martis, 9* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1786.

P a a y e r s.

THE House being informed that Sir William Chambers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A General Plan of the New Offices erecting on the Site of Somerset House, as settled by the Lords Com-raissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and ordered to be carried into Execution by the Kings Sign Manual, dated the 24th of November 1775, and by various Treasury Letters, bearing Date May 14th, 1776, July 11th, 1777, August 19th, 1777, and 10th, 1779:

And al so,

A Paper, intituled, " Estimate of Somerset House." And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Plan and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Plan and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Plan and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being infqrmed that Mr. from the Tenths Office, attended at the Dogr; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, for the last Ten Years, ending Christmas 1785, of the Grols and Net Produce of the Tenths of the Clergy, granted to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Vol. 41.

Sir William Mansel reported from the Committee, Kidwelly, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of *c* ^oad*‘ an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo Dif-tri6t of the said Roads; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kennen Bridge to GrygyrwenMill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Hryncoch, and from Pont y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's House to join the last mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop near Pont ar Dylas Turnpike Gate, to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gurrecach Turnpike Gate to ren Penpull, and from Cefn Gto

Ptnpwll, in the said County, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for increasing the Number of Ma- Sudbury

filtrates for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of uffolk, and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, in certain Cafes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title lie, An A & for increasing the Number of Magistrates

9 K. for

Coals used in l.ofAnglcfiry.

Lord

Carteret’s, See. Estate.

Tbringftone

BridgeCanal

770 9 9 Mail. 1786.

for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of and for appointing a Coroner for the said Borough, in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Langston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners and Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establHh an Exchange between the Right honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of

Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of JVilshamstead, otherwise in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read for the Second ' Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, across the Loughborough Canal Navigation, at or near Loughborough, to or near the River Soar, at Barrow upon Soar, and for making and maintaining the said River Soar navigable from thence to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making Railways from the several Mines of Coal and Limestone to the said Canal and Navigation,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, through or by which a Navigable Cut or Canal and River Navigation from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, is intended to be made; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, situate. Handing, and being in or near the several Parishes or Places through which a Cut or Canal and River Navigation, from Thringstone Bridge, in the County of

Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, is intended to be made; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the River Trent to the Town of Loughborough; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees of the Tolls arising and to be taken by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the one made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby " de la Zouch, in the County of Leicand the other made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual the above-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to in

the Counties of Leicester and Nand also, the Petition of John March, of Waresley Park, in the County of Huntingdon, Esquire, and of Thomas March,

of Moore CritcheU, in the County of Dorset, Esquire, against the said Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions; and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And one of the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Macnamara, j

Mr. Charles Loraine > 42.

Smith: \

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, by His Fortification* Majesty’s Command, at D®*

An Estimate of the Expence of such Parts of the Plan of Fortifications, which the Land Officers of the late Board reported to His Majesty would give a reasonable Degree of Security for the Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, as appear most necessary to be carried into immediate Execution; specifying such Sums for each Work as can be conveniently employed, in the Year 1786, towards their Completion.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An

26 Geo. Ill

9° Mail.

771

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of such Parts of the Plan of Fortifications, which the Land Officers of the late Board reported to His Majesty would give a reasonable Degree of Security for the Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, as appear most necessary to be carried into immediate Execution; specifying such Sums for each Work as can be conveniently employed, in the Year 1786, towards their Completion.

At PORTSMOUTH.

FOR OLD WORKS;

The OBJECTS of these Works are,

First. — To indole the Dock and Town of Portsinouth, Gosport, Weavill, and the Powder Magazine at Priddy’s Hard.

Secondly. — For the more immediate Protection of the Harbour of Portsmouth,

Thirdly. — To prevent an Enemy from landing in fbme of the most convenient Places for the Disembarkation of Heavy Artillery, Stores, &c. in the Neighbourhood of Portsinouth.

FIRST OBJECT: Total Estimate* Of which proposed to be expended in 1786.

For completing the Works round the Common - For Repairs and Improvements of Old Works round the Town - For improving and completing the Lines at Gosport, Weavill, and Priddy’s Hard ----- £ £ ' & 26,929 17 — i 10,715 13 9 8,248 3 — £ * d. 3.000 3.000 2.000

45,893 13 9* 8,000

SECOND OBJECT: For Repairs and Additions to Block House Fort - For Rebuilding South Sea Castle.< — -N. B. This Work comes also ander the Third Object - - - - -- £ 1,054 19 — 10,080 8 — 1,054 19 — 1,000

11A35 7 — 2,054 19 —

THIRD OBJECT: For Repairs and Improvements, At Cumberland Fort - At Lump’s Battery - - - -At Eastney Battery - For completing Fort Monckton ----- £ Total for Old Works at Portsmouth - £ 34,449 16 7 i,97i 19 7 3,232 — 7 32,457 12 31 10.000 1,971 19 7 3,232 — 7 10.000

72,111 9 — } 25,204 — 2

129,140 9 10I 35,258 19 2

Vox- 41. At

773

9* Mali.

A. 178

At PORTSMOUTH.

FOR NEW WORKS*

The O B J E C TS of which are,

Firfi. — To assist in preventing a Landing in some Places, where the Defences of the Old Works are inibfficient.

Secondly. — To prevent a Landing in Stake's Bay; and also to narrow the Ground by which an Enemy landed at a greater Difiance may approach on that Side of Portsmouth, within Reach of bombarding the Dock Yard.

FIRST OBJECT: For Six Brick Towers upon the Beach between South Sea Castle and Cumberland Fort - - - Total Estimate. Of which proposed to be expended in 1786.

£. s. d. 3,300 £. s. d* 3,300

SECOND OBJECT:

For erecting a new Fort at Stokes Bay 135*970 13 11 10,000 — —

Total for New Works at Portsmouth - £ i39»27o 13 11 13*300

At PLYMOUTH.

FOR OLD WORKS;

The OBJECTS of which are,

First. — To inclose the Dock of Plymouth.

Secondly. — For the more immediate Protection of the Harbour of Hamoze.

Thirdly. — To prevent an Enemy from landing in some of the most convenient Places for the Disembarkadon of

Heavy Artillery, Stores, &c\ in the Neighbourhood of Plymouth.

FIRST OBJECT: For Repairs at the lines Total Estimate. Of which proposed to be expended in 1786.

£. s. d. 694 1 9 £ 694 1 9

SECOND OBJECT:

For Repairs at the Citadel, St Nicholas Island, and the several Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoze - - - 2,079 13 8* 2,079 13 8*

THIRD OBJECT:

For Repairs and Improvements to Two Redoubts already constructed on Maker Heights ---- 5,748 12 — 2,000

Total for Old Works at Plymouth - £. 8,522 6 5f 4,773 15 51

At

0,6 Geo. Ill

9° Maii.

773

At P LY MOUTH.

FOR A NEW WORK;

The OBJECT of which is.

To protest the Batteries which are to prevent a Landing in Cawiand Bay, and to secure the Isthmus of Mount Edgecumbe against an Enemy landed at any more distant Place.

Total Estimate. Of which proposed to be expended in 1786.

For a New Fort on the Heights of Maker m - £ 119,588 5 5 10,000

RECAPITULATION.

Total for Old Works at Portsmouth - Total for New Works at Portsmouth ----- £ Total EstimaU. Of which proposed to be expended in 178 6.

£. d. 129,140 9 10* i39,27o 13 11 £. s. 35,258 19 2 13,300

268,411 3 9* 48,558 19 2

Total for Old W orks at Plymouth - - - - -Total for New Works at Plymouth - - - L Total for Old and New Works at Portsmouth and Plymouth - £. 8,522 6 119,588 5 5 4,773 15 5i 10,000

128,110 11 10* 14,773 15 5i

396,521 15 8 63,332 14 7i

Richmond, 8gc.

Master General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

N B. The following Sums for the Purchase of Lands are not included in the foregoing Estimate, as such Sums are usually voted in the Acts of Parliament for making Compenfetion to the Proprietors.

For the Purchase of Lands on which Fort Monckton, and the Batteries along Stokes Bay, are construded, and the Fort projected near the Bay House is proposed to be erected -For the Purchase of Lands for the Redoubts and Batteries already eroded on the Heights of Maker, and for the New Fort there -

",747 16 7i 13,945 7 6

Total for the Purchase of the above lands

25,693 4 'I

N. B. The Purchase of the other Lands, for the Improvements of the Old Works, will come before Parliament when the Terms are agreed upon with the Proprietors.

1 Vox. 41. 9 L Ordered,

rO* Mail. A. 1786.

Ordered, That the said Eftiinate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Ten of the Ciock.

L

Mercurii, 10° die Mail;

Anno 26* Georgju III*11 Regis, 1786.

P r a‘t irs.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of -

sex and Hertford, was pfefcnted to the- House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having had constant Dealings with Hawkers and Pedlars, have always found them honest and fair-dealing Trades-men, and have frequently experienced the Advantage of purchasing Goods from them, they having a great Variety of Fancy Articles, such as printed Callicoes, Mullins, and the various Manufactures of these Kingdoms, which, from their indefatigable Assiduity, they are enabled to fell on reasonable Terms; and that the Petitioners find, by the 9th and nth Sections of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to lay an additional Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, and to regulate their Trade, that they are not only deprived of the Liberty of trading to such Extent, as to difeble them from paying the just Demands of Government and their Creditors, and allb supporting their Families, but are subject to be expected from any County, without being beard in their Defence: And therefore the Petitioners beg Leave to recommend the perilous Situation of this useful Class of Traders to the Consideration of the House, and they have no Doubt but it will be found consistent with Justice, as well as conducive to the Advantage of Trade, to repeal the said 9th and 11 th SeClions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the County of was also pre-

iented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for many Years past, found it convenient, and been accustomed to deal with Li-cenled Hawkers and Pedlars, by whom they have been supplied with Linen, Cotton, and Silk Goods, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, at as fair and rea-fonahlfl Prices as elsewhere, at their own Houses, without the Expence of travelling to Market Towns, and have always found them honest and upright in all their-Dealings; and Roprefeuting to the House, That, by the 9th and 11th SeClions of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for laying an additional Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, the Petitioners are deprived of the Benefit of dealing with Hawkers and Pedlars, and they are also not only limited so much in their Trade as not to be able to cany it on to enable them to pay their Creditors, the Duty to Government, and maintain themselves and Families in any Degree of Comfort, but are liable to be foppressed and prevented from carrying it on at all, without a Charge of Guilt, or being heard in their own Defence: And therefore praying the House to repeal the said Sections, and to regulate the said Trade in such Manner as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the County of and Counties

t>7

adjacent, was allb presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the County of Oxford, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,/ Thet the Petitioners have frequently had Dealings with Hawkers and Pedlars, and have always found them honest and fair-dealing Tradesmen; and that tISe Petitioners are informed, that, by the 9th and 11th Sections of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, they are not only reltricted from vend* ing their Goads, iu Market Towns, but are liable to be foppressed, and, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear that fitch Restrictions on One Branch of Trade

will give too great a Monopoly to another, and subject the Consumers to pay an extraordinary Profit for such Articles as are necessary for their Families: And therefore praying, That the House will take the said Restrictions into their serious Consideration, and they have no Doubt but it will be found necessary to repeal the said 9th and 11th SeClions.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the County of Norfolk, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Hawkers and Pedlars are liable to be abolished, and the Petitioners having had constant Dealings with Hawkers and Pedlars for many Years, are enabled to inform the House, that they have found them regular and fair-dealing Tradesmen; and that the Petitioners have, for many Years, experienced the Advantage and Convenience of purchasing Goods from Hawkers and Pedlars, as they carry a Variety of useful and fafhioo-able Articles of the Manufactories of these Kingdoms, which, from their indefatigable Assiduity, they are enabled to fell on reasonable Terms; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the above Act was made at the Request of Tradesmen having a private Interest in the Suppression of those useful and industrious Traders, and not by the resident Inhabitants, who only can judge of their Usefulness: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into Consideration, and repeal that Part of the late Act which tends, ta aholifo the Hawkers and Pedlars, and continue to the Petitioners the Liberty of dealing with them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal lb much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for . " regelating their Trade," as refcrams Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

An iqgroflbd Bill for providing a Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the City of Edinburgh, for widening several Streets in the said City, for opening a Communication from Queen’s Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over Part of the Lands of Broughton, w as read the Third Time.

llesolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh, for opening a Communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

ITawkerm wA

Pedlars.

Ditto.

Edinbirrgk Poor, 5rc.

Geo. III.

Man-.

775

Ordered, That Sir Adam do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

KtwciftH An iogroffrd Bill, for widening, enlarging, and B|K>n Tyne cleaning the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, Stratu, Ac. an(j f^r opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and, the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public Markets and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Wire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that t^p Title be, An Act for widening* enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public Markets and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

‘Newcastle Sir John Wrottcslcy reported from the Committee, to mdM-Lyee whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road leading from the " Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle *4 under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turn-pike Road leading from to Chester, near the

Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and " from Chesterton through und Balterley to

" Ghorsty Hill," was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said -Act was read: And,

Mr. James Cold-well being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and a great Part of the said Roads are repaired, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Neiccaslle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turn-

?ike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the 'own of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton through Audley and Balterley to Ghorsty Hill: And that Sir John Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Slaughtering Mr. Mainmaring presented to the House, according Horsea. to Order, a Bill for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, Ordered, That the Cud Bill be printed.

Vol. 41.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Godrton# to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, niade in K°a*b the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gods tone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East

Grinstead, in the County of Sussex;without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hockliife, to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thir- &f* teenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, fur repairing the Road between Hacklifft;, in the County of Beds ord, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bu without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Alton for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste I.ands Abbott* within the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, in luclosure; the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act York toKexi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the *ntlfee Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 1 of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by to

Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston-Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Atherflon* for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, inclosure* or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of Athcrstone, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newfoond-to amend and render more effectual the several Laws

ries.

now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain,

Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tenterdea for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year Rond*; of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also, the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Holden, to J)ashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Barton for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed "’aurfide in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge " Corner, and several other Roads in the County of " Lincoln therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town; and also, the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Margati Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse l’layhouse. within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of

Thancti

7j6 io* Matt. A. 178$.

Tkanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restric- to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath tions therein limited; with some Amendments; to which agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this

House. The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Difoofitm

And then the Messengers withdrew. Treasury attended at the Door; he was called in; and, of Grant*.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their into Consideration. Address to His Majesty,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as An Account, shewing how the Money given for the followeth; viz. Service of the Year 1785 has been disposed of, distin-

Pr. 2. 1. 18. Leave out " First" and inlert " Fif- guished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of

" teenth." May 1786, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the 1. 19. Leave out " November" and iniert Deficiency thereupon.

October." And then he withdrew.

The laid Amendments, being federally read a Second And the Title of the said Account was read.

Time, were, upon the Quefdon severally put thereupon, The said Account is as followeth; viz.

greed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Preston do carry the Bill

Ak

D

eg'

r-f

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

FT

A* AC CO MPT, shewing how the Money given for the several Heads’ ««» toth Day of May ,786,

(V

SERVICES.

ffor Wage, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, e.„d the Victualling thereof, for 18,000 Men, iaclnding 3,6*0 Marine., the ift Day of January 1785 - " ’ ' v "

For the Ordinary of the Naw, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Off! cere, for the rear 7 5 " ‘ " #

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty s Yar , 1 or s,

above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the 7 5-

ov«r and

u

i < N

<0

and for Riding MaAers, for the Year 1785 - - - " , 7 ~ " "

For maintaining His Majesty* Forces and Oarrifons in the Plantations and GibraV1.1’’ ,nc An^ ar£® Pay of the

Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing ot Commission and Non-com mi (Honed Officers and Private Men, and of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 17*5 -For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions 01 root, for Service in-East India, for the Year 1785 - - - *

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1785

For Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, Secretary at Wfcr, Commissary General of the Musters, Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their Offices; for Exchequer Fees payable by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1785 - - - - " -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the

Year 1785.....- ....

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Land Fortes, for the Year 1785 -

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1785 -

For Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1785 For the Coin mi (Ironed Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1785 -

To make good a Deficiency on the Sum granted 011 Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty's British Americau

Forces, for the Year 1783.....- - -

To make good a Deficiency on the Sum granted on Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty's British Amerioau

Forces, for the Year 1784 -----.....-

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1785 -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same for the

Year 1785....

For defraying the Charge of several Battalions of Foot for different Periods, in thre Year 1784

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar, in North America, and the West Indies, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commiftkm Officers and Private

Men. Ac. for the Year 1785..... -

For defraying the Charge of Five Battalions of Hanoverian Infantry in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of June 1784 to

the respective Times of their Return.....------

Fur defraying the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of HefTe Cassel, and to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, for the Year 1785

8 rFor Ordnance, Sea Service -

§ I For Ordnance, Land Service.....’ "T " ’ . ’ _ , " "

*5 j For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Lane $er ic , p i#ed for by Parliament

O I in the Year 1784 -.....* " " " ’ -

£. s. d.

889,200 — -

675^®7 *7

940,000 — p —

46,800

350,820 9

42,35 13 8

655^63 4 3

*23,0*1 4 4

6,968 9 9

6,336 10 6

74,* 1 14 5

191,2*6 — H

*5,78+ 8 9i

197.703 7 10

335 15 4

67.800 1 11

736 11 6

4.308 11 3

3.535 — 6

13.0*7 7 6

7.737 *8

6.355 15 8

8,904 6 6

69,491 9 6

Sums voted.

d.

2,5°4>607 l7 *

439>^55 15 5

Sums paid.

d.

2,5°4»507 17 *

439^55 15 5

o\

a

Remains to be paid.

<1

f I

O

o

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum toted on Account for the Annual Subsidy due to the Landgrave of Hesse Caffe!, for the

Year 1784 - -....

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from £. s. d.

the 25th of December 1783 to the 25th Day of December 1784, and not provided for by Parliament - - 683,116 8 3

From which deduct the Amount of Stoppages, Respits, and other Monies, in the Hands of the Paymaster General 231,578 18 2

£. s. d. 5o,989 2 7

45L537 10 1

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them to carry on their Trade

For the Charge of completing the Branch of Hoad from Ballantrae, in Ayrshire, to Stranraer, in Galloway, for the Year 1785 - -

To Mr. Timothy Cunningham, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals, from

1547 to >66° - -- -- -..... ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the lft Day of January 1785 to the iff Day of January 1786 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, from the id Day of January 1785 to the lft Day of January 1786 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of

June 1786 - - -..... -

To support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, from the 1 ft Day of January 1785 to the 1 ft Day of January 1786 ——

For the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786, and to discharge the Arrears of Salaries due to the Attornies General of the said Islands, from the 19th Day of July 1778 to the 18th Day of April 1783 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day

of June 1786 ------.....-.

For defraying the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785 To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accompts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament -

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House for the Year 1785.....-----

For repairing, maintaining, and supporiing, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

To General James Murray, late Governor of Minorca, to reiinburfe the Sum of 5,000l. paid by him to James Sutherland, pursuant to a Verdict in the Court of Exchequer in 1783; and t6o/. 155. gd. being the Plaintiff's Costs; and also 329 /. is. 3d. being the said GeneraPs Solicitor's Bill

of Expences..... - .-

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been iffned by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, and other Services ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to take and state the Public Accompts, and to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

For present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, to be distributed and paid under the Direction of the said Commissioners ——

XTo replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno ’ 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1784- ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1778, Ditto - - - - -..... ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1779, Dito....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

o c

a /

*C 1780, Ditto

Q

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1782, Ditto -----.....-....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1783, Ditto....

To leplace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno

1784, 011 the 10th Day of October 1784

£. d. £. t, d.

2,054,684 10 io| 3,000 800 1,689,169 2 1J 3,000 800 — —

3,000 3,000

3,976 17 6 3,976 17 6

1,900 1,900

2.550 ' 2,550

2,37° 2,370

1,592 1 10 1,592 1 10

6,356 >7 — 2,950 6.356 17 — 2,950

9,000 25.000 13.000 9,000 — — 15.000 — — 13.000

5,489 17 — 7,066 18 3 5,489 17 — 7,066 18 3

36,819 19 — 36,819 19 —

8,395 2 5 8,395 2 5

3,200 3,200 — —

13.578 H + 13,578 14 4

150,000 — — 150,000

12,087 7 8$ 12,087 7 8$

159,620 1 gl 159,620 1 9i

122,730 4 8 122,730 4 8

158,551 4 I. 158,551 4 i»

114,214 4 5y 114,214 4 3$

617,466 10 — 617,466 10 —

24,044 24,044

ll

9 s'

d.

<1

00

365.5>5 8

10,000 — —

I:

00.

OS

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1783, at Lady Day 1785

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1783* Michaelmas 1785 ....

Towards the Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii, 3lli - - *

To make good the Sums charged on the Duties of and \ per Centum, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th Day of April 1785

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 1,500,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 24° Georgii 3tiJ, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1785, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 1,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 240 Georgii 3*'*, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1785, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

To the Bank of England, for Interest of 2,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii, 3lil, from the respective Days of

ifiiiing the same to the 5th of April 1785 -.....- -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate

Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 250 Georgii 3111..... -

To Ditto, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and for naying the Prizes in the said Lottery, &c. -

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof ——

*89,309 *5 — 3°3,*25 5 *oi 4»*94 *5 56,113 *3

L539'3&6 18 *

*>°* 9,454 3

200,284 *9 10

500,000 — — 1,000----

iL75o-----

*0,332,228 2 n|

WAYS and M E A N S for answtring the same; viz.

£. t. d.

750.000 —

2.000. 000 — 1,500,000 —

1.000. 000 —

1.000. 000 —

650.000 — 238,928 16

66,161 3

702,539 *6

2,297,460 3

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1785.

By 4 fh. per Lib. on Laud.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1786.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on — Ditto.

By a Lottery.

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer for Disposition of Parliament. By Surplus of the Grants for the Year 1784.

By disposable Money of the Sinking Fund on the 5th of April 1785, Out of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund

To be raised by Exchequer Bills, on Credit of the Duty on Malt

To be raised by D°, on Credit of the Land Tax

Contributions to the Lottery -

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

unpaid, for which Money

'Memorandum.

The Arrears of former

is provided, are as follow; viz.

10,205,089 19 8

- - - i

127,138 3 2f Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£. 10,332,228 2 1 if

For the late African Company's Creditors -For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,496/. 19s. 1 jd. For Ordnance Services for the Year 1784 -For Army Services for D* - -

189,309 15 — 3°3’*-5 5 ioJ

4>*94 *5 2j

53,938 i» — j

L539’386 18 1

L° *9,454 *1 3

200,284 19 10

10,150-----

£. d.

*83,833 12 3 i 8,318 15 9

560,000-----

1,000----

£. 1. d.

50,000 — — 293,646 2 4$

<M75 6

500,000 -

1,000 — —

1,600 — —

9.451,937 7i 880/190 n 3*

i*7.i 38 3

». d, 9°o ia ,0

570 >7 7 343,64® a

345.U7 ja

o\

o

tu

o

753.15* 8 — I »*

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q-

CT

And there remains unpaid of 8,702,277/. 5s. 8d. granted for Naval Services, &c. in the Year 1781 ——

To complete 36,207/. 4s. 3d. granted towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House

in 1781 . ....

To answer which there remains to be paid by the East India Company, in full of 400,000 /. granted towards the Supply for the Year 1781 -

£. |t

98,392 7

,»6o7 n 5j

100,000

Presented this loth D*y of May 1786, by

W. Speer.

if

All Saints Church, Newcastle upon Tyne.

Duties on Sweets,

Wine

Licences.

io* Mali.

A. 178

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Mattheio White Ridley seported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Persons, Holders of Land, and Parishioner* of and in the Parish or Parochial Chapetry of All Saints, in the Town and County of Newcastle upon was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered k m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Stephenson, an Architect, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Church or Chapel of the said Parish or Parochial Chapelry, and found it to be a very ancient Building, and by Length of Time is become so ruinous, that the Foundation of the greatest Part of the Pillars and Walls which fop port the Roof have lately shrunk, and the same are now io such a decayed State, and incline io far out of a perpendicular Line, that the said Church is become totally unsafe for the Celebration of Divine Service — That the said Church is ineapable of an effectual Repair, and it is therefore necessary that the same should be takeo dpwn and re-built. And the Wk-ness further said. That the said Parish being large and populous, the Church Yard is too confined and fnaall for the Burial of the Dead, and it is proposed to enlarge the fame, and make eommodiogs Avenues thereto: And he added. That the effecting the Purposes aforesaid, will contribute much to the Convenience of the said Parishioners, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the pulling down and re-building the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley and Mr. Brandling do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to flhe House, according to nreenlan.1 Order, a Bill for the further Support and Encouragement Whale of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas and

Davis's Straits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved. That, the Order, made upon Scotch the nth Day of April last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, Juc*gesj or Bills, upon the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, ind also, of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and were then agreed to by the Haole, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to the bringing in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Two last of the said Resolutions, l,)e dilchguged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ditto, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of replacing to the Revenue the Sums granted towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in Scotland.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon bough-the 27th Day of April last, for reading a Second Time, borough Tomorrow, the Bill for making a Navigation from the ('anal’ Junction of the River Soar with the Loughbot'ough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, to the Mouth of the River Wreak, and from thence in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Mill Close Homestead, ki the Parish of Melton Moncbray, in the County of Leicester, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 18th Day of this Instant May.

The House being informed that Mr. Raton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties charged on Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bennett, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Wine Licences granted for the Years 1781, 1782, 1783, 1784, and 1785, respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Orders, Transportt.

Copies of all Orders given by the Master General, or Board of Ordnance, from the lft Novembci' 1783 to 31st March 1784, inclusive, to the Superintendent of the Ordnance Transports, to report on tlu least expen-live and best Mode of carrying on the Service ty Vessels employed on the Rivers Thames and Medway, together with Copies of all the Reports made by him on that Subject to the Master General, or Board of Ordnance: And also,

A Return of such Vessels, as are the Property of Government, employed by the Board of Ordnance on the Rivers Thames and Medway, together with an Account of the Annual Expence incurred by Wages and Repairs, distinguishing each, the Number of Men employed, and the Names of the Mailers and Mates respectively: Aud also,

An Account of the Annual Expence incurred by Vessels, engaged by Contra®, in the Service* of the Board of Ordnance on the Rivers Thames and Medway, and at the Ports of Plymouth and Portsmouth, distinguishing each, together with an Account of the Tonage of each Vessel, and the Number Men employed respectively: And also,

Copies of all Orders relative to the Proposals made by the Superintendant of the Ordnance Transports, that have been given, from the ift November 1783 to the 31st March 1784, by the Master General, or

Board

West oa nyou Trent tinLofure.

Chesttrfielil

Roads*

0,6 G Ea III. i o°

Board of Ordnance, to the respective Officers at Chatham and Sheemess, together with Copies of the

Correspondence with the respective Officers at Plymouth and Portsmouth, relative to the Shipping employed at

those Places.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved among!!; the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the ParHh of Weston upon Trent, in the County of was committed; That -the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Bill for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of Scotch Lord* the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Juf- Session, Ac. ticiary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for discharging the Payment of Sentence Scotch Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the of Court of Admiralty, in that Part of Great Britain Admira*ty* called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to

the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts, in Lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoi fe, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thiry-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Det'by, to Worksop, in the County of Nottinglunn, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

Mr. Rose prefen ted to the House, by His Majesty’s The Mint Command,

A Memorial of the Master of the Mint, respecting an Application for a Vote of Parliament, for Balance due to him of 14,939/. 5s. o-j d.: And also,

A Memorial of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint, on Account of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relative to the Gold and Silver Coin, to 31st December 1785.

And the Titles of the said Memorials were read.

The said Memorials are as followeth j viz.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Memorial of Thomas Earl of Effingham, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint,

Sheweth,

That in Consequence of a very large and extraordinary Coinage of Gold carried on by your Memorialist, during the Year 17S5, the Expence' incurred at the Mint within the said Time has amounted to the unusual Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and One Farthing, the Particulars of which have already been laid before your I>ord(hhips.

That towards providing for the above Service, your Memorialist has received at different Times, within the said Year, in the common Course of Payment, and by Way of Imprest, from the Coinage Duties, Five thousand Two hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, and is also to receive under your Lordships Warrant, pursuant to an Act lit G-.o. I. C. 43, the farther Sum of Eight thousand Five hundred and One Pound Four Shillings and One Penny.

But that after the above Receipt there will full remain due to your Memorialist the Sum of Fourteen You 41. . 9 N thousand

784 io" Mali. A. 1786.

thousand Nine hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and One Farthing; which it is presumed, can only he allowed to your Memorialist by special Vote of Parliament.

Your Memorialist therefore prays your Lordships to take the Premises into Consideration, and make the necessary Application to the Honourable House of Commons; or take such other Measures for paying the said Balance of 14,939/. 5$. o\d to your Memorialist, as to your Lordships shall feera meet

Mint Office,

10th March 1786. M' and Wr.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Memorial, with the Account thereto annexed, to the Warden and Comptroller of His Majesty's Mint; who are to examine the fame, and report to their I<ordships their Opinion what is fit to be done therein.

Th(f Steele.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

14 March 1786.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference Signified to us by Mr. , the 14th Instant, annexing the Aecount of the Earl of Effingham, as Matter and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, for the Year 1785; — -we beg Leave to report.

That having carefully examined the said Account of the Earl of Effingham, as Matter and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, for the Year 1785, we find the same to be truly Stated. That the Balance due at the Foot thereof amounts to 23,440/. 9#. 1 id;and that when his Lordship Shall have received 8,001/. 4s. 1 by virtue of your Lordships Warrant, as set forth in the Memorial referred, there will still remain due to the Skid Earl of Effingham the Sum of Fourteen thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and One Farthing; which we apprehend, with his Lordship, can only be paid under a special Vote of Parliament for that Purpose; but which we nevertheless humbly submit to your Lordships great Wisdom.

Mint Office, 17th March 1786.

Edzv* Lucas, DepT Ward*. Jit Bastin, Depy Comptr.

Memorial of the Earl of Effingfuim — referred to Warden and Comptroller of the Mint.

The ACCOUNT of the Right honourable the Earl of Effingham, Matter and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere; as all'o of all Monies by him paid and disbursed for the Charge and Expences of the said Mint, from the lft Day of January 1785 to the 31st Day of December following, both Days inclusive.

CHARGE:

j£. s. d.

s.

The said Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time above-mentioned, as by Particulars in the Imprest Roll doth appear; viz’.

1785-

January 29th. Received out of Coinage Duties April 21. Received out of Coinage Duties May 23. Received out of the Yearly Supplies July 13. Received out of Coinage Duties October 21. Received also out of Coinage Duties

745 6

1,140 18 4

,4,194 15 2t

L539 4 4

1,873 6 84*

9,493 I. U

DISCHARGE:

7,6 Geo. III.

toa MaU.

783

DISCHARGE:

The said Accountant is discharged by several Allowances and Sums of Money due to, and paid and disbursed by him, as followed); viz.

s. d.

o /

.5

To him, the Balance due on his Account, ending 31st December 1784, as allowed by the Coinmissioners for auditing the Public Accounts *

'To him, for his own Salary, for One whole Year - -

for an A flayer, and a Fireman to his Allayer -for Three Clerks -

for a Purveyor -

for an Office Keeper -

To LewisPingo, Esquire, Chief Engraver, for One whole Year Mr. J. R. Ocks, Second Engraver - - Ditto -

Mr. John Pingo, Aifiltant Engraver - Ditto -

Mr. Dan1 Kemp, Provost of the Moniers, Ditto - Mr. Ruben Fletcher, Smith Assistant to Engravers, Ditto Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of the Money Prefies - £. 40

More to him, by Treasury Warrant - - - - 10

Joseph Lucas, Esquire, by Ditto -Sir Robert Pigot, Bart, by Ditto -

William Dick, Esquire, by Ditto -

Allowance to this Accountant, for his Waite, and Charge in coining Gold/47,865 Pounds Weight, into Guineas, - at 6$. 8 per lb.

\ 5,385 Pounds Weight, into Half Guineas, at 7. lof. per lb.

500-----

125-----

150-----

25-----

25-----

200-----

80-----

80-----

100-----

40-----

50-----

loo — —

50-----

20-----

16,004 17 2} 2,120 6 lof

To Gold Monies put into the Pix -

Paid sundry Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, and elsewhere, for Warrants, and on Monies issued, and for other Disbursements, as by Bill of Particulars doth appear ——

Paid over Standard Price, on 641b. qoz. ipdwt. of Silver, purchased for coining into linall Monies, for His Majesty’s Alaundy, as by Certificate of the Warden and Comptroller, and by Treasury Warrant, allowing the same ——

4

Paid the Persons under-named, within the Time of this Account, for the Particulars expressed in their Bills:

Mr. Lydc Brown - - - Refiner -

Mell'rs. John Young and Son, Charcoal Men -

Mr. James Morrison, for Necessaries provided and paid for by him, as Purveyor, for the general Service of the Mint -More to him, on his Bill for fine Copppr used as Allay -Joseph Lucas, Esquire, his Bill for Necessaries for the Afifay Office - Mr. John Jones, for Coals, for the Ul'e of the Melting House and Die Press Room ——

Paid the Artificers under-named, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the several Offices and Buildings used for Coinage:

Mr. Jordan, Mason -

— Holland, Bricklayer ——

— Holland, Carpenter -

— Jordan, Plumber -

— Mitchell, Plaisterer -

— Ditto, - for re-building and luting Furnaces -

— Coventry, Painter -

— Yarp, Glazier -

— Fletcher, Smith -

— Fenton, Slater -

— Marbro, Paviour ——

— Bacon, Wire Worker -

Vol. 41.

419 7 2

,66-----

46 1 11

>9 *5 if 19 16 1

7 16 —

62 4 —

335 16 —

302 14 —

124 13 —

9 4 —

147 14 —

8 16 —

25 13 —

192 5 —

17 11 —

32 '3 —

6 1 —

£. s.

4,095 16 3i

C545 -

18,125 4 — i 3,539 - 6

339 15 10 7 5 *0

678 16 3$

1,265 4 — Iinprested

io° Mail.

Imprested to Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture, for One whole Year -

Imprested more to him, to pay the several Artificers Bills, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the several Houses and Buildings belonging to the said Mint -

Imprested more to Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet, to pay the Warden’s Part of the Diet, together with the several incident and extraordinary Charges, and Allowances, belonging to the said Mint -

jC d-i,8ao----

360 10 — 557 7 5

Imprested more to him, for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and to discharge the Salary of the Person empioyed therein, for One whole Year -

A. 1786.

jf Sm

2,737 17 5 600-----

Total Discharge -Total Charge B - 32,934 — 9>493 " 21

Balance due to this Accountant - - - c 23,440 9

Effingham,

M' and Wr.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The humble Memorial of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint.

Sheweth,

That your Memorialist, in the Month of March 1785, did present to your Lordships a Memorial; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Directions from Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, divers Prosecutions had been carried on against Offenders relating to the Gold arid Silver Coin, in the Years 1782, 1783, and 1784, and that the Expences of such Prosecutions in the said Periods had exceeded and was more than he had received out of the stipulated Allowance of 600l. per Annum, by the A of 15th and 16th George II. by the Sum of 916/. 5 s. 11 d.;which Memorial, together with the Account therewith sent, your Lordships were pleased to refer to the principal Officers of His Majesty’s Mint, who examined the fame, and made a Report thereupon to your Lordships, that the same was proper to be allowed. But no Order hath been issued by your Lordships for the Payment thereof.

And that your Memorialist had also been directed, by your Lordships Order, signified by Mr. Steele, the 26th June 1784, to pay the Sum of 801, to William Brook and William Clowes, of the County of Chester, Esquires, to be divided among Witnesses in Prosecutions against Persons convicted for coining, at Chester Spring Assizes 1784.

That your Memorialist, since the Close of his Account to 31st December 1784, presented to your Lordships with his said Memoral, has, in pursuance of Directions from the said Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, carried on divers Prosecutions relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the said 31st Day of December 1784 to die 31st Day of December 1785; and that the Expences incurred thereby, to 30th Day of September only, amount to the Sum of 599/. io$. an Account of which has been delivered into the Mint Office by your Memorialist: But that the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the said Year 1785 amount to the Sum of 246/. 2 as will appear by the Account for the fame, hereunto annexed.

That your Memorialist has also been directed, by your Lordships Order, signified by Mr. Steele, the 12th July 1785, to pay to Benjamin Twigge, and Two other Persons, a Sum not exceeding 201, to each, and which your Memorialist thinks they justly merit, for apprehending Persons convicted of coining at Lincoln Summer Assizes 1783, and which Payments together make the Sum of 60 /.

That your Memorialist has also, in pursuance of Directions from the Right Honourable the Earl of Effingham, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, carried on divers Prosecutions against Offenders relating to the Copper Coin, from the lft Day of May 1784 to the 31st Day of December 1785; and that the Expence incurred by such Prosecutions amounts to the Sum of 380/.. 16$. gd. as will appear by the Accounts thereof, delivered into the Mint Office by your Memorialist.

That the several Particulars above-mentioned, exclusive of the said Sums of 80 /. and 60 /. fb ordered to be paid by your Lordships, amount together to the Sum of Two thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, and the same still remains due to your Memorialist; which being added to the said Sums of 80/. and bo/, make in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Two hundred and Eighty-two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings.

Your Memorialist therefore humbly prays your Lordships to take the Premises into your Consideration, and that your Lordships will please to give such Directions, in regard to the stating and auditing of your Memorialist’s Accounts, and for the Payment of what shall appear to remain due to your Memorialist, as to your Lordships shall seem meet.

And your Lordships Memorialist shall ever pray, &c.

3d March 1786. John Vernon, Junr.

To

26 Geo. III.

io° M

785

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, signified to us by Mr. Steele, the 14th Instant, on a Memorial of John Vman, Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty’s Mint, for us to consider, and report our Opinion thereupon: We beg Leave to report. That, having carefully examined the Account annexed to the said Memorial, together with the Account delivered into this Office, for Prosecutions carried on against Offenders relating to the Copper Coins, as stated in the said Memorial, we find that the Charges in the said Accounts (none of which are included in any former Accounts) are conformable to the Regulations established by Warrant of King George I. dated 29 July 1715; and that Vouchers are produced for all Fees and Disbursements, so far as seems practicable to have been obtained.

But of the Sum claimed by the Memorialist, of 2,1421. 15 there will be paid to him in Annual Course at this Office, for the Year 1785, 599/. 10s. on his Bill delivered thereto; and as there appears to us an Overcharge in the Account for Copper, of 11. 6 s. 8 d.so we find that the several Sums claimed will Hand as follows; viz.

Upon the Memorial and Account examined and reported by us, the 15th June 1785, as fit s. d.

to be allowed - - 916511

On the additional Expence of the Year 1785 - -- 246 2 4

On the Prosecutions on Account of the Copper Coinage ----- 379 10 1

And on the Two Orders directed by your Lordships, as set forth by the Memorialist - 140----

Making together the Sum of - - £. 1,681 18 4

And we beg Leave, upon due Examination and Consideration of the Whole, to report our Opinion, that the Charges in the above Accounts appear to us, and are no other than have been usual, and therefore fit and proper to be allowed: But this Office not being authorized to pay more than the Memorialist’s Account, already delivered into it, as reported above, we presume the said Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence can only be allowed to the said Memorialist, John Vernon, Esquire, by special Vote of Parliament.

All which is nevertheless humbly submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom, by,

My Lords,

Your Lordships

Most obedient, and

Most humble Servants,

Mint Office, 17th March 1786.

Edit? Lucas, Depy Ward".

James Morrison, Dep. Maf* and W'. Jt? Bastin, Dep,r Comp'.

Manvoir’t

Claim*.

Ordered, That the said Memorials do lie upon the Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of His Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Majesty’s Province of Senegambia. Then,

Mr. John Charretii informed your Committee, That Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom he made Application to his Most Christian Majesty’s the Petition of Joseph Iodin du Matcvoir, was referred; Ministers for Redress, who transmitted an Account That the Committee had examined the Matter of the thereof to His Britannick Majesty’s Ministers, in con-said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, sequence of which, Assurances were received that iin-as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read mediate Orders should be given for the Matter to be the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in investigated, which was interrupted by the Rupture which at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is loon after took Place between Great Britain and France. as followeth; viz. Then the said Report of the Registrar of the High

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, your Court of Admiralty (and which was made in Confe-Committee examined a certain Invoice, and Bills of quence of a Reference from the Lords Commissioners Landing, whereby it appears that the Petitioner did, in of His Majesty’s Treasury) was again read; by which September 177.5, fit out a Ship called La Grue, from it appeared, that the Petitioner was entitled, for the Nantz to the Coast of Africa;and by a Report from the Outfit of the said Vessel, and the Invoice Price of the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty it appeared Cargo, to the Sum of 75,820 Livres, amounting, in that the said Ship arrived in November following on the Sterling Money, to the Sum of 3,106/. 10#. for which Coast, and continued trading for Slaves till the 15th of Sum the Petitioner has not received any Compensation July 1776, when Ihe was violently seized at Portudal whatsoever.

(a French Factory) by The Lord Dartmouth Armed Ship, And it further appeared to Your Committee, by a which was lent from Fort Louis, in the River Senegal, Report from the King’s Advocate General, That the for that Purpose, by Matthias Macnamara, Esquire, then Owner of the said Ship, and his Agents had been Vol. 41. 9 O at

Somerset

Place.

786

io° Mali.

at very considerable Expences, which might be fairly estimated at the further Sum of 1,000 L making* with the Sum before mentioned, the Sum of Four thousand One hundred and Six Pounds Ten ShHlingB Sterling.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

178

An Estimate of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1786 at Somerset Placetowards Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradesmen till the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting the re during the Remainder of the Year. '

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of die Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 178b at Somerset towards Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradeshaen tit) the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting the re, during the Remainder of the Year: viz.

Wanted towards Payment of the Arrears due* exclusive of what remains of the Sums voted for the Service of the preceding Years ——

Wanted towards Payment of the remaining Interior Finifhings and fitting up of the different Offices, the Pavements of the Great Court and Areas, the Balluftrades stirroonding the lame, and the Terrace, and towards carrying on sundry other Works begun -

Total - - £.

£. s. d. 12,000 — —

13,000-----

25,000-----

Somerset Place,

May 9th 1786. Wm Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie apoo the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Winei Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

xported. Account of the Quantity of French Wine exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all other Wines exported from Great Britain during the same Periods; distinguishing each Year.

I. of Wight A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Freeholders, Militia. and others, Inhabitants of the Isle of Wight, whose Names are thereunto febscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Militia of the said Island has always heretofore been under the Order and Direction of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Deputy Lieutenants thereof, totally independent of the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, of the County of Southampton; and that by an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, the Powers of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Deputy Lieutebants, were confirmed, and it was also enacted, that the Militia of the said Isle should remain within the said Island for the internal Defence thereof; and that the Militia of the Isle of Wight was first raised in the Year 1770, in Confidence that the same should, in Conformity to the said Act, constantly continue within the said Island for its internal Defence; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill has been brought into the House, wherein is inserted a Clause to enact, that the Militia of the Isle of Wight shall, in future, be deemed and taken to be Part of the Militia of the County of Southampton, and shall form a Part of the Southern Battalion of the Militia of the said County, under the Order and Direction of the Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants thereof, and, the Petitioners conceive the said Clause

06

(if passed into a Law) will be very injurious to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Wight, inso much as it will deprive them of an internal Defence, confirmed by the said Act of the Second of George the Third, and take away from the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Deputy Lieutenants, the Order and Direction of the Militia of that Island, in whom it has been, for salutary Purposes, hitherto veiled: And therefore praying, That the said Clause may not pals into a Law, and that the Militia of the Isle of Wight may remain in the same Situation as directed by the Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inha- Hawkers ari bitants of Berkshire, and Part of the Counties adjoining, I’edtan. whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having, for many Years, observed the Utility of Hawkers and Pedlars to the Public, and consequently to the Trade and Manufactories of these Kingdoms, are grieved to find, that the 9th and 11th Sections of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to lay an additional Duty on the- Licences of Hawkers and Pedlars, and to regulate their Trade, will operate to their Suppression; and that the Petitioners have not only found them inoffensive and fair-dealing Tradesmen, but believe them to be a Check upon Traders in the same Articles, to the great Advantage of the Consumer: And therefore praying.

That the House will take the said Restrictions into their serious Consideration, and they have no Doubt but it will be found advantageous to the higher Rank of the Public, as well as the labouring Poor, to repeal the said 9th and 11th Sections.

And Notice being taken that the said Petition was written on One Piece of Parchment, without any

Names

Redaction of

National

Debt.

Stamp Officers Land Tax.

.Altering Lift of Land Tax Commissioners.

16 Geo. III. io

Names subscribed thereon, and that all the Names were written upon another Parchment, which was lewed on, and annexed to the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Lord Mulgrace presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, That One of the Members for the Town of Cambridge having offered a Lilt of Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilfi. the said Lilt was in the Ingrofiing Office of this House, in order to be ingrossed into the Bill then depending for appointing Commissioners for executing the said Act, the said Lift was altered, by several of the Names of the said Commissioners being changed and falsely spelt, in order that the same might be Misnomers, and the Commissioners, whole Names were intended to be inserted, might be prevented from acting in the Execution of the said Act, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined into the Matter of the said Complaint, and had directed him to report the same to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, That General Adeane, one of the Members for the Town of Cambridge, delivered into the Ingrofiing Office, a List of the Names of Coro-missioners of the Land Tax for the said Town; and that the said Lift had afterwards been altered, by several of the Surnames being differently spelt, forne by Addition of Letters to them, and others by Letters being altered; and it also appeared that several other Names were added to the said Lift. And,

General Adeane being present, pointed out to your Committee the several Instances where the said Lift, signed by himself had been altered, after he delivered it into the ingrofiing Office. And he added, that the Lift was an exact Copy of a List which he received from Cambridge. Then,

Mr. John Roberts, one of the Ingrofiing Clerks, being called, was asked, Whether he knew any Thing of the Alterations made in the said Lift ? who answered, That he apprehended they must fiave been made by Mr. -lock, Member for Cambridge, who came into the Office and asked for the Lift, and said that many of the Names were wrong spelt; and tire Witness did not recollect that any other Person had lcen the Lilt; that there was Pen and Ink before Mr. Mortlock, and he at that Time added many other Names to the Lift. — That the Lift

Vol. 41.

was kept among other Lifts in a Bundle on the Table, and w hen Mr. Mortlock had done with it he left it upon the Delk; but the Witness did not hear of the Alterations till General Adeane came to alk for the Lift.

And being asked, How he knew that the Names added were of Mr. Mortlock's Writing? he said, Be-cause Mr. Mortlock was writing upon the Lift he waa looking at.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of March 1688, of what Mr. Foley, Chairman of the particular Committee for Grievances, acquainted the House, together with the Resolutions of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That John Mortlock, Esquire, a Member of this House, do attend this House, in his Place, upon this Day Sevennight

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other In- *

habitants of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having had constant Dealings with Hawkers and Pedlars* have always found them honest and fair-dealing Trades-men, and having frequently experienced the Advantage of purchasing Goods from them, they having a great Variety of Fancy Articles, such as Printed Callicoes,

Mullins, and the various Manufactories of these Kingdoms, which, from their indefatigable Assiduity, they are enabled to fell on reasonable Terms; and that the Petitioners find, by the 9th and 11th Sections of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to lay an additional Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, and to regulate their Trade, that they are not only deprived of the Liberty of trading to such Extent as to disable them from paying the just Demands of Government and their Creditors, and also supporting their Families, but are subject to be expelled from any County, without being heard in their Defence: And therefore the Petitioners beg Leave to recommend the perilous Situation of this useful Class of Traders to the Consideration of the House, and they have no Doubt but it will be found confident with Justice, as well as conducive to the Advantage of Trade, to repeal the said 9th and 11th Sections.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers,

" Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the lame, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hearing Charge of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of aS*inst Bengal, on the Matter of the Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him upon Friday last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was called in to the Bar, and heard on the Matter of tire said Charge; and, having requested that he might have Permission to ' deliver in the Minutes from which he read what he had now offered to the House;

The said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Warren Hastings, Esquire,

be

Mr.H&stings* Answer to Charges against him.

788 10° Ma 178

be at Liberty, according to his Request, to deliver in the Minutes from which he read what he has now offered to the House upon the Matter of the said Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him.

The said Warren Hastings, Esquire, was again called in to the Bar, and Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

Then the said Warren Hast, Esquire, having delivered in the said Minutes, the same were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the said Minutes were read; and are as followed); viz.

The MINUTES of what was offered by Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, at the Bar of the House of Commons, upon the Matter of the Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, presented against him on Friday last.

Answer -to the Twenty-second Charge.

Ftzooila Cawn.

This Charge was not delivered to me till late on the 8th Instant; and I was informed Yesterday Morning, that in Compliance with the Prayer of my Petition, to be heard in Reply to it, this Honourable House had been pleased to direct my Attendance on this Day. I moil respeQfully allude to the short Interval of Time allowed me for this Purpose, not as indicating the flightell Ground of Complaint; for I accept with equal Gratitude the Permission to appear in my own Defence, and the early Allowance of my Attendance, it being, next to my entire Acquittal, my First Wish to obtain a speedy Termination of the Enquiry. But it is proper to represent to this Honourable House the just Plea which I may have for any Deficiency of my Defence to this last Article of the Charge, arising from the Want of sufficient Time to examine every Part of it; every Part of it containing feme positive or insinuated, but not always a discoverable Charge; and the Whole comprising no less than 21 Folio Pages. These have furnished me with Employment for One Third of my allotted Portion of Time to read, to analyze, and to understand so much as I do understand of them, much of their Sense being dissipated by nice and subtle Distinctions, and obfeured by Allusions which I have not Leisure to trace to their Documents, and perplexed by forced Inferences, and the Introduction of other Charges, which are totally foreign from the Subject; such as, that I assumed " an illegal " Delegation of the whole Powers of the Governor General and Council in July 1781," " that I reflected " Discredit to the Crown of Great Britain, by a private " Conversation with Sir Elijah Impey," and many other lateral Accusations and Insinuations of the like extraneous Quality.

All such Matters, as of inferior Note, I shall pass without more Observation upon them, trusting to the Spirit of liberal Justice, which I have already experienced from this Honourable House, for my general Acquittal of these minuter Charges, if in the main Points I shall appear to have consulted the Interest, Honour, and Safety of my Employers; and that I could have had no View to my own Interest in the Proceedings which have a Relation to the Charge, as in Effect no such View is or could have been imputed to me in it.

The Charge consists of Eight titled Chapters or Divisions, and these subdivided altogether into Seventy-nine distinct and numbered Positions.

The First Chapter is intituled " Rights of Fyzoold " Khdn, 8cc. before the Treaty of

This I shall examine minutely, as it will serve to prove what I have asserted of the general Character of the whole Composition; and I will shew to this Honourable House, that in Twelve Positions or Affirmations, of which it consists, it contains as many Assertions, or Implications of Facts, which have no Foundation in Truth.

) ft'. The First Postion states, that Ally Mahmud, the Father of Fyzoolla Cazvn, was the Sovereign of Culteher or Rohilcund;and by aferibing to him a " Renown in

" the History of Hindostan," it must have been intended to convey the conclusive Opinion, that he inherited his Sovereignty from a Line of Ancestors who held it before him.

Both Points are false in Fad:. Ally Mahmud was not the Sovereign of Cutteher or llohilcund, but the Usurper of that Province, which he originally acquired as a Servant of the Crown, and converted into an Independency by repeated Acts of Rebellion against his lawful Master and Sovereign; and his Father Daood Cazvn (I think that was his Name) had no Authority or Footing in that Country.

2d. The Second Postion states in Terms the Province of Cutteher to be the " ancient Estates," and the " hereditary Rights," of Fyzoolla Cazvn, which I again assert to be false in Fact. These Words are indeed borrowed from Translations of Letters from Fyzoolla Cazvn to Colonel Champion; but I have Doubts, which I have a Right to express, of the Fidelity of the Translation; and even if it be genuine, it is but the Assertion of Fyzoolla Cazvn himself in Favour of his own Cause, which cannot be admitted in Evidence of it; and the Evidence against it abounds in the Records of the Company, which are before this Honourable House, and on undoubted Notoriety.

3d. In this Postion he is again, a Third Time, stated " the undoubted Heir of his Father’s Authority;" which, as the Chapter itself is intituled " Rights," and these can only mean Rights of which my Condufit was a Violation, is untrue in that Sense of it.

4th. This Postion states again (the 4th Time) the Country in Question to be " his ancient Possessions, the " Country of his Father;" and it states, by Implication, that he was innocent of the War; yet the 3d Postion has admitted, that " the Nabob Fyzoolla , with " feme of his People, was present at the deciGve s< Battle of St. George, but escaping from the Slaughter," " (a Word also of false Infmuation) made his Retreat " good towards the Mountains, with all his Treasure," and " these collected the scattered Remains of his " Countrymen;" that is, for so it was, dill continued the War against us in Chief. — Both Assertions cannot be true.

<)th. This states in Terms, that I rejected a specific Offer, by which, if accepted, an Annual Increase of near 400,000l. would have accrued to the Revenue of our Ally, and the immediate Acquisition of 300,000l. to the Company; which is not true; for no Consequences can be more remote from their Premises, than that the Performance of so extravagant an Offer would have followed the Acceptance of it, when it appears in Proof before this Honourable House, that a most sacred Engagement of the whole Rohilla Tribe, before the War, was insufficient to bind them to the Payment of little more than Half the Sum which Fyzoolla Cazvn offered to pay for the Possession of the Country after the War. In Effect, the Extravagance of the Offer was a clear Proof of the Insincerity of the Man who made it, and so I treated it.

6th. This seems to be a Charge of Deception; for it states, " that so great was the Confidence of the

" Nabob

6 Geo. Ill*

1 o° Mail.

789

Nabob FyzoollaCawn in the just, humane, and liberal

" Feelings of Englishmen, as to lull him into an -

" tvcity of the most essential Detriment to his Interests;"

and this Effect is displayed by a Detail of what he might have done; which the Charge affirms " would have " enabled him certainly to baffle all Pursuit, and probably to keep the Vizier in a State of Disquietude for *the Remainder of his Life." Now either it is inflnu-ated by this State ot Fa6ts, that I, by (ome Act or Der claration, did deceive or lull him (as it is expressed) into this Inactivity; or it Amply affirms that he deceived himself. If the former is meant, I deny the Fa6t, and it is refuted by the whole Tenor of Colonel Champions Correspondence; if the latter, Fyzoolla Cazcn only is to blame for the Neglect of his own Interests. And why is this inserted in an Accusation against me ? Why, but to mislead the unwary Attention, by the artful Involution of Consequences dependant on another, with Expectations that might be inferred to have arisen front me. As to the Deception itself, from whomsoever it proceeded, since I had no Concern in it, I should be most heartily glad of it, if it were really true, that it prevented him " from keeping the Vizier in a State of Disquietude " for the Remainder of his Life;" for the British Interests would have been equally injured and endangered by it; and it was not my Duty to awake the Vigilance of an Enemy in Arms against us, or to apprize him of the Advantages of which he might avail himself to our Detriment.

7th. If I under and this, it means that Colonel Champions Propofol of Peace with Fyzoolla Cawn was oflentially necessary to the Reputation of the British Justice and Humanity, which I facriflced by my He-iitation to agree to it. I may safely deny this Allegation, Ance the First PropoAtion is not attempted to be proved; nor, if it were proved, would the latter follow as a Consequence of it We had certainly a Right to continye our Operations against an Enemy in actual War with us, if we could not agree on the Conditions of Accommodation.

8th. In this PoAtion the Conduct of the Commander in Chief is decorated with all the gaudy Epithets of Panegyric, to make my Character appear the blacker by the Contraft. I crave Leave to quote the whole Passage as it stands — " That in Answer to such laudable " Wi(h of the said Commander in Chief, the President " (Warren Hastings) preferring his own prohibited Plans " of extended Dominion to the mild, equitable, and wise Policy inculcated in the Standing Orders of his Superiors, and now enforced by the Recommendation of "* the Commander in Chief, did instruct and detire him, the said Commander in Chief, instead of soliciting the 4‘ Vizier to relinquish his Conquest to Fyzoola Cawn, to 41 discourage it, as much as it was in his Power," although the said Hastings did not once express, or even intimate, any Doubt whatever of the Nabob Fyzoola Cawn's Innocence as to the Origin of the War, or of his Hereditary Right to the Territory "* which he claimed; but to the said Pleas of the Nabob Al Fyzoola Cawn, as well as to the Argument both of " Policy and Justice, advanced by the Commander in 41 Chief, he the said Hastings did solely oppose certain " speculative Objects of imagined Expediency; summing up his decided Rejection of the Propofols made by the Nabob Fyzoola Cawn, in the following remarkable Words:

" With respect to Fyzoola Cawn, he appears not to " merit out' Consideration. The petty Sovereign of a

" Country estimated at Six or Eight Lacks ought not for " a Moment to prove an Impediment to any of our -

" sures, or to affect the Consistency of our ."

To this complicated Charge 1 am compelled to make a larger Reply than such as were required by the preceding PoAtions, as it involves a greater You41. 6

Variety of Matter, and some foreign from the Subject. Mr. Haft in gs' I presume that the Allution here made to the Standing l°

Orders of the Company, prohibiting Plans of extended Dominion, and my Disobedience to them, have no proper Place in this Charge, but belong excluAvely to the First Article of the Charge, namely the Rohilla War; in my Answer to which I have said all that was necessary for me to urge on the Subject. I have also endeavoured in the same Place to prove, and I think I have proved, both the Justice and Policy of the War undertaken with the Rohillas. These are Points which I claim to be allow ed me in the present Charge, because either they are already proved, or they rnuft operate to my Condemnation throughout the whole Course of the War, and cannot apply further than the general Charge itself to any Part of my Tran factions with Fyzoola Cazcn. But if the War was conflftent with the Principle of Justice, it was also allowable by the Laws of War, and it became my Duty, so far as I was the Director of it, to prosecute it to the Attainment of its professed Purposes, or of others equivalent to them, or as nearly equivalent as I could obtain. The Commander in Chief was deflrous of concluding a Peace with Fyzoola Cawn, and leaving him in Possession of a Part of the Country for which we were contending. I was of a different Opinion, an Opinion not speculative, as it is described, but obligatory by the Principles of Conflftency, to which I have ever adhered as a primary Rule of Conduct, and by the Terms to which I myself had exacted the Compliance of the-Nabob Stya Doulah, before I would suffer the Company to be a Party to the War, namely, that if we were once engaged in it, we should not detift till we had accomplished the total Reduction of the Country — as will be seen by my Letter to the Nabob Suja Dowlah, entered in Confutation of the 2 2d November 1773, iQ the Appendix to the Fifth Report of the Secret Committee, N* 24. It was not necessary that I should change my original Plan, because the Commander in Chief recommended it, though this seems to be itated as a Crime against me. Neither was it necessary for me, in a Correspondence with the Commander in Chief, then the executive Officer of the Board, not joined in their Deliberations, to enter into a Discussion of the original Grounds of the War, or of the Innocence of Fyzoola Cawn as to the Origin of it* or his Rights of Inheritance, though my Silence on these Points is stated as an Admission of them against myself. The Use that is made of my Letter to Colonel Champion is an Instance of that unfair Mode of Quotation, of which I have already had too frequent Occasion to complain in the other Articles of the Charge preferred against me. I shall therefore beg Leave to trespass on the Patience of this Honourable House, by inserting the Letter at large, by which they will judge for themselves whether it deserves to be treated as a mere " Oppofltion of certain speculative " Objects of imagined Expediency to Arguments of " Policy and Justice."

To Colonel Champion, 8$c.

" Dear Sir,

" I am now to reply to your Letter dated the 28th of May. The following are my Sentiments on the Pro-pofltions which have been made to you by Abdwreen Khan on the Part of Fyzoola Khan: The First is not to be Aliened to; it would be a direct Violation of our Treaty with the Vizier.

" The Second mull depend solely upon the Vizier; and if it is not agreeable to him, we could neither compel nor intift to his acceding to it.

" The Third is exactly the same with the Second, with the Difference only of offering Money to the

9 P Company

79°

Mr.Hastings’ Company for influencing the Vizier; for which Rea Answer to son I would of the Two prefer the Second to the

Char* Third, because such an Agreement must become public,

gam un. aQ(j Conduct of this Kind would breed perpetual Dif-trust in the Vizier against every future Advice we should give him.

" These are my particular Objections to the several Propositions; but I have One general Objection to the Whole of them, which is, that they are diametrically opposite to the Principle on which the Rohilla Expedition was on our Part undertaken, which was not merely on Account of the pecuniary Acquisition of Forty Lacks of Rupees to the Company; for although this might be an accessory Argument, it was by no Means the Chief Object of the Undertaking.

H We engaged to assist the Vizier in reducing the Rohilla Country under his Dominion, that the Boundary of his Possessions might be compleated, by the Ganges forming a Barrier to cover them from the Attacks and Insults to which they were exposed by his Enemies, either possessing or having Access to the Rohilla Country; this our Alliance with him, and the Necessity of maintaining this Alliance, so long as he and his Successors shall deserve our Protection, rendered advantageous to the Company’s Interest, because the Security of his Pof-sessions from Invasions in that Quarter is in Fact the Security of ours. But if the Rohilla Country is delivered to Fyzoola Khan, the Advantages proposed from this Measure will be totally defeated; the same Objections from the Vizier will take place against him as against Hafez Rhamuthe will be actuated by the same Principles of Self-defence, and the same Impressions of Fear, to seek the Protection of other Powers against the Vizier, and of course will create the same Jealousies and Suspicions in the Mind of the Vizier, with the additional and strong Incentive to a mutual Animosity, of an enormous Debt, which probably Fyzoola Khan will find no - other Means to get clear of, but by engaging in Hol-tilkies against the Vizier.

" I cannot subscribe to your Opinion of the Vizier being unable to maintain Possession of the conquered Country; it is at leall certain that there is a much greater Probability of his maintaining Possession of it, supported by the Resources of his Hereditary Dominions, and the Credit of the English Protection, even without our actual Intervention, than that Fyzoola Khan should maintain the Possession of it; a Man of no Repute, without natural Power or Interest, and unprovided with every Means of Self-defence. The Board undertook the Rohilla Expedition on a firm Conviction, both that the Vizier would be able to maintain his Conquest of it, and that it would make his other Dominions more defensible for the Reason before assigned; and with respect to myself, I declare, that if I had not been morally certain of the Justness of this Reasoning, I would not have contented to enter upon the Enterprize at all.

" Upon the Whole, my Opinion is, that instead of soliciting the Vizier to relinquish his Conquest to Fyzoola Khan, every Argument should be used to dissuade him from such an Intention, and it is my Desire that you will discourage it as much as is in your Power. I make no Doubt but, from the Explanation I have given, you will be convinced both of the Propriety of adhering to the Principles laid down, and the Necessity of acting with Consistency. Excuse me for adding, that if we fuller our Attention to be drawn off from our grand and principal Design by every adventitious Allurement that may present itself, our Conduct must prove desultory, and we can adhere to no regular Plan, nor propose any certain End to our Pursuits.

" You mention the Necessity the Vizier will be under of constantly having a Brigade of our Troops with him, as an Argument against his retaining the 01

1786.

Rohilla Country, which you have repeated in several of your Letters, but I should be lorry to regard this Circumstance in that Light: It has always been

my Wish, it was a principal Reason assigned by the Board to the Court of Directors for our joint Undertaking with the Vizier, that a Third Part of our Army should be constantly employed in his Country; because it would keep them from losing Discipline and Vigour by Inaction, would prove an Encouragement to the Officers and Soldiers, would lave the Company a very considerable Expence, and perpetuate the Dependence of the Vizier upon our Alliance. This Circumstance therefore cannot operate as an Objection, since it is a principal Advantage proposed by the Administration to result from the Measures they have adopted.

" If it would have had any Weight against the Extension of the Vizier’s Territory, it would have prevented the Undertaking entirely, and precluded you from the present Command, and the Honour you have acquired in it. I cannot suppose that you mean the Reasoning which you have at present adopted on this Subject as a Reproach to the Board for having formed a Design which, by your Argument^ must defeat itself, even with all the Success that could attend it; but it is astonishing that this Consideration should have escaped you, since, by the frequent Reiteration of this Argument, you have undoubtedly been calling the severest Reflections on the Measures of Government, which, right or wrong, we must now maintain, and which I still think founded on the founded; Policy, and I trust that the Event will prove them so.

" The Seiks are at too great a Distance, and too much engaged in their own Affairs, to give any material or lasting Opposition to the Vizier; nor are the Marattas likely to get freed from their own internal Divisions, or the Effects of them, soon enough to renew their Pretentions in the next Season. But even although the Reason for expecting a Junction of the Seiks and Marattas with Fyzoola Khan were well founded, neither this Alarm on the one Hand, nor the Temptation of the Eighty Lacks on the other, ought to have a Moment’s Influence with us to deviate from the Line prescribed for the Undertaking.

" With respect to Fyzoola he appeared not to

merit our Consideration. The petty Sovereign of a Country, estimated at Six or Eight Lacks, ought not for a Moment to prove an Impediment to any of our Measures, or to affect the Consistency of our Conduct.

I own it was my original Wilh, that the King, or Nttdjiff Cawn on his Part, should have been included in the Participation which has actually taken Place of the Rohilla Dominions, as it would quicken the Issue of the War, obviate One Source of Competition, and fall keep up the Connection of Interest between us and the King, and between the King and his Vizier. But my next Wish was, and is, that the King and Vizier might be induced to accede to a new Participation, by an Exchange of the Doab, to be given to the King in lieu of the Territory of Zabita Cawn.

" If my Memory does not deceive me,. this Plan was recommended by me to the Vizier in Person, when the Rohilla Expedition was first concerted at Benares, and I own I wish it to take Place; this you will observe is but a Consequence of the original Principle of completing the Boundary of the Vizier’s Dominions."

I shall not take up more of the Time of the Honourable House on this Letter than to observe, that an Accommodation of a different Kind from that which was urged by Colonel Champion, did soon after take Place, and that the Vizier’s Dominions ever since

have

io° M

z6 Geo. III. 10° Mali.

have continued in a State of uninterrupted Peace, except from its Internal Disturbances; which I adduce as a Proof both that the Rohilla War did completely fulfil my Prediction of its Effects, and that I was as well grounded in my Perseverance in rejecting the Proposal of placing it again under the Charge of that dangerous Tribe, which we had so happily expelled from it. Yet are we indebted entirely to the pacific Disposition of Fytoola Cawn, his infirm Habit of Body, and

his laudable Pursuits of Husbandry, to which he has entirely devoted himself, for the Quiet which the Nabob of Owde has enjoyed on a Quarter so vulnerable; for

finall as that Territory is, the Chief of it may at all Times invade the Dominion of the Nabob of Owde, with an Effect proportioned to the Force with which it is attempted, and with an Assurance of Impunity in the last Resort, from the unknown Woods and Mountains which lie behind it. The Time may yet come, and that not far distant, which shall verify this Description of the relative Situation of the Two Countries.

9th. This Postion affirms, that in the violent and arbitrary Postion ascribed to the Quotation made as above from my Letter, " I did avow it to be a public " Principle of my Government, that no Right,

" manifest, and no Innocence, however unimpeached, " could entitle the Weak to our Protection against " others, or save them from our own afitive Endeavours " for their Oppression and even Extirpation, should they

interfere with our Notions of Political Expediency. ’ I dare not trust myself to comment on this extraordinary Assertion, but appeal to the Candour and Justice of this Honourable House to determine, whether any Words uled by me in that Letter on which it is professedly grounded, or whether, in all the Compositions I have ever written, and which are before the Honourable House, I have ever been guilty of a Sentiment so profligate as my Accuser has herein imputed to me, without ever deigning to specify the Words which he has stamped with so wicked a Construction.

10th. This Postion affirms, that I wrote a private Letter to the Commander in Chief, dated the 16th of September, " without the Consent or Knowledge of my " Colleagues," contradictory of a Letter written Eight Days before by them, 8$c. Were this Assertion true, yet as my Letters to Colonel Champion had no Force of Authority, I was guilty of no Crime in writing them, though they were not written without the Consent or Knowledge of my Colleagues; but the Fact is, that I did write the Letter which my Prosecutor has noticed as defective in this liippoled Formality, with the Knowledge of my Colleagues; the very next Letter following it in the Appendix of the 5th Report of the Secret Committee, N® 27, is a Letter from the Select Committee (my Colleagues) dated the next Day after mine, and beginning with theft: Words: " The President has " laid before us your Letter to him under Date the 26th of August, with the Reply which he imme-4‘ diately dispatched to it, and which perfectly agrees i( with our Sentiments." This Reply was my Letter in Question.

Neither was my Letter contradictory of that of the Select Committee, dated the 8th of the same Month; for both expressed a Hope of Accommodation, but mine urged a vigorous Prosecution of the War, as the Means of effecting it

11th. 1 cannot understand this; perhaps the following Reply may meet the Sense of it: — The Nabob Vizier, by the original Terms of our Engagement, was to dictate the Service to be performed, and we were to perform it. It is strictly confident with the real, not u ideal, Obligations of Dignity and Honour," to dictate the Conditions of Peace to an Enemy, rather than to receive them. I thank Qod, I have never degraded

Vol. 41.

my Country’s Dignity arid Honour by adopting any Mr. Haftingt other Rule. As to " the substantial Claims of Justice," ££[*'* *°

I know not what is meant by them; but surely all Claims ag^nu'him. of Justice are abrogated by a State of actual War.

12th. This is mere Declamation; but as it ascribes to me, without specific Grounds, " an ultimate Adherence to Principles of Violence and Injustice, disgraceful to the Character, and injurious to the Interests " of the Nation," I have a Right to affirm it, as I know it to be, utterly false.

From the preceding Specimen, this Honourable House will judge of the unwarrantable Licence which my Accuser has assumed in his Reflections upon my Conduct; and of the intolerable Length to which it would lead me, were I to follow it in the same accurate Manner through all the remaining Positions of the Charge, Seventy-nine in Number, of which I have only answered Twelve, which are the Number in the First Division.

I shall now proceed to offer a connected Narrative of all my Proceedings, or to speak more properly the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council (for I had no exclusive Share in them) with the Nabob Cawn, from the Conclusion of the Treaty with him at Loll-Dong, on the 6th of October 1774, to the Close of my Administration.

From the Month of October 1774 to the latter End of February 1778, we had no Reference made to us relative to Fayzula Cawn; but on the 25th of February 1^78 we received a Letter from Mr. Middleton, in which he informed us, that Reports had prevailed at Lucknow, that Fayzula Cawn retained in his Service a greater Body of Troops than were specified in the Treaty of 1774, and that he bad given Protection and Encouragement to Zabitta Cawn’s defeated Army. Mr. Middleton in the same Letter told us, that he did not pay much Attention to these Reports; but added, that the Nabob’s oppressive and unjust Conduct, in various In-fiances, might induce Fayzula Cawn to form Connections, and to engage in Schemes incompatible with his Duty and Allegiance to the Vizier. Mr. Middleton also informed us, that Fayzula Cawn was very desirous to obtain the Guarantee of the Company to the Treaty which he had concluded with the late Vizier. Upon this Subject I bad had repealed Applications from him; but the Guarantee appeared to me unnecessary, except as it would afford great Satisfaction to Fayzula Cawn; for our Government must have interfered, if the Nabob Vizier had attempted to encroach upon the Rights which Fayzula Cawn enjoyed under his Treaty with the Vizier.

Mr. Middleton deputed Mr. IF Harwell to Rampore, the Residence of Fayzula Cawn. Mr. Harwell transmitted to Mr. Middleton a very particular Account of Fayzula Cawn’s Conduct, which appeared to have been in no Infiance contrary to his Engagements; and in the Month of April his Treaty with the Nabob Vizier was guaranteed by the Company, agreeably to his earned and reiterated Requests: By whole Suggefiions Doubts were infiilled into the Mind of FayzulaCawn, as to the Validity of the Treaty which Colonel Champion had witnessed, I know not; but I am equally at a Loft to discover in what Part of the Transaction which I have just detailed I am culpable.

On the 5th December 1778 Mr. Middleton informed us that Fayzula Cawn had offered a Body of Two thousand Horse to be employed in our Service. Of this Number not more thay Five hundred were at any Time furnished by Fayzula Cawn, and those were employed to guard Rohilcund from an Invasion, which in the First Infiance would have affected Fayzula Cawn, as his Country lay the most exposed to the Ravages of an Enemy. For this voluntary Offer Fayzula Cawn deserved

and.

Mr. Hastings Answer to Charges again It him.

792 IO°

and received my Thanks. He was under no Engagement to furnish us with a Angle Man, nor did I ever demand a Man from him — Why then does my Accuser confound this with the subsequent Demand which was made upon him by the Nabob Vizier, at the Recommendation of the Governor General and Council ? It is true the Board accepted Fayzula Offer; but

it is equally true that Fayzula Cctwn never did fulfil it, nor ever fend more than the Five hundred Horse which have been mentioned.

Until the 27th of September 1780 no Measures relative to Fayzula Canon were proposed; and I desire this Honourable House will be to good as to consider what our afitual Situation was at that Period. We were en-aged in a War with the Mahr — Hyder Ally Canon

ad over-run the Carnatic — had defeated Colonel Bailie's Detachment — and Sir Hector Munro had been obliged to retreat to Madras — a Mahratta Army lay contiguous to the Southern Frontier of Bengal — and at the same Instant of Time we received Intelligence that a very considerable Armament had been fitted out by France, which did in Fafit arrive upon the Coatl of Coromandel in the Month of January following. I proposed Measures for the immediate Relief of Madras. Troops and Money were sent, and Sir Eyre Coote contented, on that momentous and important Occasion, to take the Command of the Army at Madras. Before his Departure, the Board requested his Sentiments as to the Disposition of our Forces for the Defence of Bengal, and the Dominions of our Ally the Nabob Vizier; for on their Security the Existence of our Empire in India depended. I beg Leave to read Sir Eyre Coote's Minute in Consequence of this Application to him.

" The very accurate and just Description which the " Governor General has given of the Danger which " at present impends the Interests of the British Nation " in India, I am persuaded will have the same Influence " upon the Mind of every other Member of the Board " as it has had upon mine, and tend to produce that " Freedom of Deliberation, Concord, and Unanimity " in our Councils, so necessary for the Public Good.

In full Confiden9e that no other View can exist " amongst us, I with the greater Chearfulnefif undertake " that Part of the Service which falls to the Lot of the u Station I fill; and relying on the Support of the Board " therein, most readily repose my Military Character " and Credit in their Hands.

" In conformity to the Request made at the Close " of the Governor General’s Minute, I now deliver in a State of our Force on this Establishment, and of the " Disposition proposed to be made of it for the Protection " of thele Provinces, and the Relief of ."

Sir Eyre Coote, in this Minute, recommended to us to apply to Cheyt Sing for the Service of a Body of Horse to cover the Province of Bahar, and that Rohilcund should be defended by a Battalion of Sepoys, a Thousand of the Vizier’s Infantry, and as many of Fayzula Caam's Troops as could be procured. The Board unanimously adopted Sir Eyre Coote's Sentiments. The other Members were Mr. Francis, Mr. IVheler, and myself. In the following Month (October) Sir Eyre Coote embarked for Madras, with a large Supply of Treasure, and a strong Detachment of Europeans. On the 28th of October 1780 the Board received a Letter from General Stibbert, enclosing the following Letter from Major Briscoe to Sir Eyre Coote, which in his Absence General Stibbert had opened.

MaiL A. 178&

From Majdr Briscoe to Sir Eyre Coote.

Daranagur, the ift of October 1780.

" On my being appointed to, and taking, the Com- " mand of Daranagur, I was not honoured with any " Instructions from you respecting the Nabob * Caam's Troops; I have only 500 of his Horle, and " the Nabob in his Agreement with Government is " obliged to keep up 5,000 Troops for afliftfng in the " Defence of Rohilcund. A few Months ago Three " Battalions were Rationed here with Colonel Muir, " betides a Body of the Nabob Fyzoolla Canon's Cavalry, " and they were well employed, and had enough to do " in protecting the Country from Invasion. The Command is greatly reduced, One Battalion taken away, and " Fyzoolla Canon has not afforded more than 500 Men " since I have been here, which is a great deal too " small a Force from him, as 1 acquainted you, in " my former Letters, Two Battalions was tod small a " Command to defend Rohilcund from Invasion."

With this Letter General Stibbert wrote to the Board, on the 28th October 1780, as follows:

" I presume that on a Perufel of the Major’s Letter, " the Necessity of pressing both the Vizier and Fyzoolla " Canon to contribute effectually to the Relief of the " Rohilcund will not fail to appear to the Board."

The Letters from Major Briscoe and General Stibbert were taken into Consideration on the 2d of November, the Members present being Mr. Francis, Mr. IVheler, and myself; and it was agreed, without any Debate or Dissent, as a Matter of course, " that the Governor " General be requested to write to the Nabob Vizier, " recommending to him to require from Fyzoolla Canon " the Quota of Troops stipulated by Treaty to be furnished by the latter for his Service, being 5,000 Horse, " to be put under the immediate Command of Lieut. " Colonel Mydr, at Futtigur."

In Consequence of this unanimous Reiblution of the Board, I wrote to the Nabob Vizier, who applied to Fyzoolla Canon, and transmitted to me the Answer which he received to this Application. The Answer is certainly evasive and unsatisfactory. Fyzoolla Caron dated that

1,000 of his Horse were with Major Briscoe, although in Fact he never had more than 500. With respect to the Treaty itself, I- do freely confel's that, in comnooa with the other Members of the Board, I conceived Fyzoolla Caron was obliged by Treaty to furnish 5,000 Horse in Time of War, instead of " 2 or 3,000 Men, " according to his Abilitywhich are the Words of tb« Treaty.

I must observe, that the Treaty was so loosely worded as to be open to Cavil and Dispute, and every Part of it liable to Misconstructions: But in Justice to the other Gentlemen who composed the Council, as well as to myself, I desire to observe, that we bad at that Time a Variety of most prelfing and important Business before us; nor can I now conceive how we could commit so palpable an Error, unless, in the Hurry of Business, with Major Briscoe's Letter lying before us, which stated that the Nabob Fyzoolla Cawn is obliged to keep up 5,000 Troops, we adopted his Assertion as a Fact, without Consideration or Debate, and immediately acted upon it. A Member of this Honourable House, Mr. Francis, was at that Time One of my Colleagues — I would desire to call upon him to state what he can recollect upon this Part of the Charge.

Upon

Googh

z6 Geo. III. 10° Mail.

191

Upon the Receipt of the Nabob Vizier's Letter, of the 15th of February 1781, 1 proposed, " That a " Deputation to FyzooUa Cawn should be immediately

" recommended to be sent by the Nabob Vizier, accompanied by an Agent from Mr. Middleton, in Behalf of " our Government, as Guarantees, and that in Pre^nce " of proper Witnesses they iliould demand immediate Delivery of 3,000 Cavalry j and if he should evade, or " refuse Compliance, that the Deputies should deliver a " formal Protest against him for Breach of Treaty, and " return, making their Report to the Vizier, which " Mr. Middleton was to transmit to the Board."

In consequence of this llesolution, Mr. Johnson was deputed to FyzooUa Cawn; and on the ift April 178a, he wrote to Mr. Middleton, Rating various Points in which Fyzoolla Cozen had broke his Treaty with the Vizier: That particularly, as he was precluded by Treaty from keeping more than 5,000 in his Districts,

there were in Rampore alone not less than 20,000 Rohilla Soldiers; and that the Excels of FyzooUa Cozens Revenue beyond what he was allowed by Treaty, lay in a fraudulent Valuation at the Time of the Grant, and did not proceed from the Improvements in his Collections. — In a Second Letter from Rampore Mr. Johnson informed Mr. Middleton that Fyzoolla Cawn had given a flat Refusal to the Demand of 3,000 Cavalry; that he therefore, in Compliance with the Orders of the Board, drew up and delivered to FyzooUa Caum a formal Protest, which was witnessed by Major Balfour.

FyzooUa Cawn said, the Treaty f’pecified no definite Number of Cavalry or Infantry, only expressing Troops; that he would furnish 2,000 Horse and 1,000 Foot, and One Year’s Pay in Advance. — Mr. Johnsons Letters were transmitted to us, accompanied by a Letter from the Nabob Vizier, urging us to consent to the Resump-tion of FyzooUa Caxvn s Jagheer, and that he should receive the Amount of it in Money, after deducing the Expence of the Troops he was engaged to furnish.

On these Letters the Board came to no Determination. I myself moved, on the Day they were read, in June 1781, "That a final Refblution on the Subject " of the above Letter, and the Papers accompanying it, be suspended to another Occasion and it was agreed to.

On the 19th of September 1781, I concluded an Agreement with the Nabob Vizier at At this Time the Rebellion of Benares was scarcely quelled, its Consequences uncertain, and the Province unsettled. Violent Commotions, excited by this Example, still prevailed in many Parts of the Vizier’s Dominions. A sincere and cordial Union betw’een his Government and ours, and even the most public Indication of it, were necessary to the Peace and Prosperity, and, as I believed, to the Existence of both: I was, therefore, more than ordinarily solicitous both to contribute to his Means of Power and Wealth, and to confirm his Confidence in my Attachment; nor was I without a Feeling of Gratitude for the recent Proofs which be had given me of his Attachment to me and to niy Government, in the precipitate Manner in which he had flown to offer me, and to afford me, if wanted, his Assistance. I was determined to gratify him in every Point which could be with Propriety and with Consistency granted. Here, too, I mull add, that I still retained die Impression of Fyzoolla Cawn's Refusal to furnish the Military Aid stipulated by his Treaty, and I maintain that I was warranted in considering it an Evasion, if not a Breach of his Treaty; since, though our Demand had exceeded the Letter of the Treaty, we had an undoubted Claim (I mean the Vizier under our Guarantee, for in this Instance we were One) to some Assistance, and he had eluded it altogether. Besides this, I had for fbme Time past received various and repeated Informations of trcache-

Vo L.41.

rous Intrigues, and other Acts imputed to him; to which, though I refused that degree of Credit which might have impelled me to any decided Act against him, yet I certainly yielded so far to the Belief as to seek to guard myself by every possible Means of Caution and Preparation against what might eventually happen. When therefore the Nabob presented to me the Paper of Re-quisition6, which, by my Assent to them afterwards, formed what has been styled the Engagement of Chunar, the Demand to be allowed to resume the Jagheer of Fyzoolla Cawn being One of them, I afiented to it, as I did to the rest; but in such a Manner as to reserve the Rights of further Examination, and of indefinite Suspen-fion, until the Grounds of proceeding to the Extremity portended in the Clause were sufficiently ascertained. In this Nicety of Discrimination, I desired the Nabob to insert the Words, " when Time shall suit," into the Requifi-tion, which was absolute in the First Draft of it; and with that Qualification of it I afiented to it. That this was my Intention, is demonstrated by the Declaration made of it to the Board, in the annexed Observations on the Engagement, when I transmitted to them immediately after the full Report of my Transactions with the Nabob Vizier, which terminated with it. My Words will better demonstrate this than any Realoning upon them.

After Hating the specific Instances of suspected Fidelity, which had appeared in the Behaviour of Fyzoolla Cawn, I concluded my Observation with the following Sentence: " But I am of Opinion, that neither the " Viziers nor the Company’s Interests would be promoted by depriving Fyzoola Khan of his Independency; and I have therefore reserved the Execution " of this Agreement to an indefinite Term, and our " Government may always interpole to prevent any " ill Effects from it.’’

Hence it is plain, that no Wrong, no substantial

Mr. Hastings’

Answer to Charge agaiutl him.

W rong,

Wrong, was either done or intended to Fyzoolla Cawn and that if I can be supposed to have been actuated by any secret Motive of Enmity to him, I had effectually precluded myself from gratifying it, by a Declaration so explicitly made, that it was contrary to the Interests both, of the Nabob and the Company (for such is the consequent Sense of it) to deprive FyzooUa Cawn of his Independency.

Had my Conduct in this Instance been arraigned at the Time, while the Senl’e of recent Provocation, the gathered Alarms around me, and the Consciousnel’s of internal Rectitude, had Post’eflion of my Mind, 1 w ould have justified the Act against the Judgment of all Mankind, if that had condemned it. In the calmer Reflection on Events, which have loft by Time their Hold on the Passions (though few, I hope, have been the Instances in which mine have prevailed over my Judgment) and to which subsequent Events have given a different Colour, I am not aihamed to acknowledge, that the Act itself was formally wrong, and yet more than formally, as it might become a Precedent for worse Purposes. — If this Honourable House shall judge that I deserve its Censure for an Error thus avowed, I shall respectfully submit to it.

After the Vizier had returned to Lucknow, in the Course of the Year 1782, I received repeated Complaints from the Nabob, and from the Resident, against Fyzulla Cawn; but I refifted every Application that was made to me for depriving him of his Jagheer; and when I appointed Mr. Bristow to the Residency of Oude, I gave him explicit Instructions on the Subject of Fyzulla Cozen, which will prove, beyond a World of Argument, how careful I was to avoid a Rupture with him. I desire to enter them entire, and to contract them with the garbled Quotation of them in the Charge.

" Mr. JUiddleton has written to the Board, that

9 Q " Fyzoolla

Mr.HaAmgs Aoswer to Charge against him.

i o® Maii.

A. 1786.

Copy of a Letter from Major William Palmer to Mr. Ben*ai s«w John Bristow, Resident at the Vizier’s Court; dated c#nf

the 24th January 1783.

>7*3. FoL 364,

794

" Fyzoola Cati'/t has been making Preparations for en-

" tering on open Hostilities with the Nabob Vizier,

" and combining other Persons against him. I fuipefl;

" the Infonnation; but Prudenee requires to be prepared against the Possibility of such an Event. It " is possible, that the Vizier’s appareut Weakneis may " have excited Fyzoola Cawn to form such a Design:

" It is more probable that be has been driven to it " by the public Declarations and Menaces both of the " Resident and the Mi aider. I have written a Letter " to him, such as I think bed calculated to divert " him from any such Undertaking, by Assurances of " the favourable Dispofilion of this Government towards him, while he shall not have forfeited it by " any improper ConduQ.; and by dating to him the " fatal Consequences which mud attend his Defection. That Letter you will perhaps receive earlier " than I shall be able to put you in Possession of these " Instrufitions. I shall only add upon this Head, that " you mud be guided by your own Discretion in " whatsoever relates to it; but be careful to prevent " the Nabob’s Atfairs from being involved with new " Difficulties, while he has already l'o many to oppress " him."

My Accuser dates, That " in my Instrufitions to Mr.

Bristow, I did leave him to be guided by his own "Discretion;" but (I add) " be careful to prevent " the Viziers Affairsfrom being involved in new Difficulties, whilst he has already so many to oppress him;" thereby plainly hinting at feme more decisive Measures, whenever the Vizier should be less oppressed with Difficulties.

How my Accuser can infer, from the Words of a Prohibition, my concealed Intention of authorizing the Thing which I had prohibited, or what Right be has to be the Interpreter of my Thoughts, much less to press them to bear Evidence against me, I know not. I refer to the Extract which I have given of my Indru&ious for the full Interpretation of my real In* tention, and, as I trust, for a full Refutation of so groundless a Charge.

Mr. Bristow, in Consequence of my Instrufitions, advised the Nabob Vizier to concert and form a new and permanent Agreement with the Nabob Fyzoola Cawn, which might obviate all future Signs of Jealously and Didruft; and on the 30th December 1782 Mr. Bristow informed the Board, that he had deputed Major Palmer to Fyzoola Cawn with Instrufitions for conducing, on the Part of the Nabob Vizier, a formal Arrangement with Fyzoola Cawn. In the same Letter Mr. Bristow dates, " That Fyzoola Cawn had " not instrufited his Vakeel to agree to grant any pecuniary Aid to the Vizier, and that he wiftied to " evade granting Military Aid to the Vizier at any " Didance from his own Country." — Mr. Bristow adds. That " Fyzoola Cawn has derived Security,

" Honour and Advantage from his Connection with " the Vizier’s Government, and thinks he would " hardly attempt to create Disturbances, as he could " not be benefited by a Change." — But he adds. That, " Jealousies are likely to subsist, while Fyzoola " Cozen may possefe the Means of bringing 20,000 " Men into the Field."

I beg Leave to continue the Narrative, by iaferting Major Palmer's Letters, containing an Account of the Commencement and Conclusion of his Negotiation. These will, I am confident, convey to this Honourable House a very different Idea of my Conduct respefiting Fyzoola Caw, than that with which the partial Quotations from these Letters, which my Accuser has inserted in the Charge, are calculated to impress them.

‘V Since my lad, advising you of my Arrival at this Place, I have had daily Conferences with the elded Son of the Nabob Fyzoola Cawn, in which every Point of Misunderdanding and Complaint between the Vizier and Fyzoola Cawn have been fully difeuffed, and the Sentiments of the Board and the Vizier relating thereto, and their Desire of removing them, and of fixing the Sovereignty of the Vizier, and the Dependance of Fyzoola Cawn, upon an unequivocal and permanent Footing, clearly explained.

" Fyzoola Cawn persists in denying the Infringement on his Part of any One Article in the Treaty, or the Neglect of any Obligation which it imposes upon him. He does not admit of the Improvements reported to be made in his Jagheer; and even asserts that the Collections this Year will fall short of the original Jomma, by reason of a long Drought. He denies having exceeded the limited Number of Ro-killas in his Service, and having refused the required Aid of Cavalry made by Mr. Johnson to aCfc with General Goddard. He observes, respecting the Charge

waving

of wading the Vizier’s Requisition for the Cavalry lately stationed at Daranagur to be stationed at Lucknow, that he is not bound by Treaty to maintain a stationary Force for the Service of the Vizier, but to supply an Aid of 2 or 3,060 Troops in Time of War. Lastly, he asserts, that (b far from encouraging the Reiots of the Vizier to settle in his Jagheer, it has been his constant Practice to deliver them up to the Aumil of Rohilcund whenever he could discover them.

" It is very difficult, if not impracticable, in my Situation, to obtain such Information as might enable me to assign the Degree of Credit to which these Denials and Afferlions of Fyzoola Cawn are entitled. From general Appearances, as well as universal Report, it cannot be doubted that the Jumma of his Jagheer is greatly increased beyond the original Grant The Number of Rohillas in Rampoor alone certainly exceeds that limited by the Treaty for his Service. It is not clearly expressed whether the Restriction included RohiUas of all Descriptions; but such was apparently the Meaning of the late Vizier in the First Treaty, since he required Fyzoola Cawn to fend all above that Number beyond the Ganges; and it is sufficiently known, that every Rohilla in this Jagheer, however occupried in ordinary, would' appear in Arms for the Defence of1 Fyzoola Cawn, by whomsoever he might be attacked. But it does not appear that their Numbers are formidable, or that he could by any Means subsist such Numbers as could cause any serious Alarm to the Vizier; neither is there any Appearance of their entertaining any Views beyond the quiet Possession of the Advantages which they at present enjoy.

" With respeCfc to the Increase of Jumma, although it has been solemnly relinquished by the Vizier, yet the Concession having been gratuitous, so great a Favour should certainly operate upon Fyzoola Cawn in a new and durable Accommodation, proposed as much for his Security as for the Interest of the Vizier.

" Fyzoola Cawn seems to be fully sensible that an Engagement to furnish Military Aid, however clearly the Conditions might be dated, must be a Source of perpetual Misunderstanding and Inconveniencies, and he is very desirous of the Remission of that Stipulation for a Compensation in Money. But he and I differ widely

in

z6 Geo. III. 10° Mail. 795

in our Idea of the Equivalent to which the Vizier that I have* made an excellent Bargain for the Vizier; Mr. Halting*

would be entitled for it. He offers only Five Lacks of and, at the same Time, I believe is per- tw

Rupees altogether; and I have given him my Opinion, fectly satisfied, since I have spent a Month, in order to against him.

that the Vizier may reasonably demand that Sum An- effect by Argument and Persuasion what I could have

nually: But Objections, or rather a Refusal, so strong obtained in an Hour by Threats and Compulfions.

was made to any continual Payments, that I am con- " The Money is to be paid by the following Instal-

vinced he would risk any Extremity rather than yield to ments; Five Lacks in Specie, to be delivered to me

it. I was, however, desired to name a Sum to be paid upon signing the Release; Five Lacks at the Commence-

at Once, in lieu of an Annual Demand: I mentioned ment of the next Kuriof Harvelt; Two Lacks at the

Twenty Lacks of Rupees as the least Sum which I following Rubby; and the remaining Three Lacks at

thought the Vizier entitled to, or that he would accept the Kunof ensuing.

for the proposed Concession. I have not yet been in- " The Specie is Barelly Rupees of uncertain Value, formed of Fyzoola Cawns H esolution upon this Propo- because fluctuating at Lucknow, at this Time l o or 11 sition; but if he rejects it, I shall have no further Hopes per Cent, below the Reccarys of that Place. I could of effecting such an Accommodation as will be con- not obtain better; and I believe that no Person not fiftent with the Interests and Dignity of the Vizier, or the known to pofiels your Confidence and Support, in the Views of our Government, and shall' return immediately Degree that I am supposed to do, would have obtained to Luck-now. nearly so good Terms: Fyzoola Cawn has invariably

A true Copy. refused at the Vizier’s Durbar more than Five Lacks

(Signed) John Bristow, for this very Condition.

Resident at the Vizier’* Court." " I expected to have set out on my Return this Day;

but the Ihroffing the Money, and providing Carriage for it, proves very tedious.

From Major Palmer to Mr. Hastings. "I have taken from Fyzoola Cawn an Engagement

to afford no Asylum to the Vizier’s Ryotts.

" Sir, " I cannot conclude this Letter, without Once more

" I have at length come to a final Agreement with recommending to your Notice the indefatigable Atten-Fyzoola Cawn, for the Remission of the Military Aid tion, the extraordinary Abilities, and incorruptible In-which he is bound to furnish the Vizier. This is the tegrity, of Jehfusal Hussein Cawn. He is to you an only Proposition upon which he was willing to treat; invaluable Servant, and I sincerely with he was employed and I am well pleased to have escaped the Dangers of where he might perform more essential Service, so important a Negotiation as that of ceding the Vizier’s Rampoor, I am with Respect, fyc.

Sovereignty and Property in this valuable Jagheer. I j 7th February 1783. (Signed) IV" Palmer."

am at a Loss to conjecture what can be Fyzoola Carat's

real' Motives for declining an Acquisition of such Magni- By the Agreement thus concluded by Major,

tude. The Reason he has assigned to- me I cannot on the Behalf of the Nabob Vizier, every Possibility of credit — it i6 an Inability to advance the Pailhculh. I future Doubt or Difficulty is removed; and surely it demand only Thirty Lacks for this important Cession, was of the utmost Importance to Fuzoola Cawn, that an in which every other would have been included, and he Article of a Treaty so liable to Misconstruction as that has given Fifteen for the Angle One above mentioned, was, which bound him to furnish the Vizier with Two I look back with Self-Congratulation on my Offer or Three thousand Men, should be effectually explained, having been rejected. I should have incurred much -It was, therefore, a prudent and an (economical Agree-Censure and Suspicion if he had accepted it, from those uient, on the Part of Fyzoola Cawn, to free himself who do not know the real State of Things, and the entirely from every Obligation to afford Military Aid in liberal Principles upon which your Board recommended future, by the Payment of a present Fine, and that so the Cession. There are no Precedents, in the ancient moderate as Fifteen Lacks of Rupees.

U Cages of the Country, for ascertaining the Nuzzerana I acquit Fyzoola Cawn of having entertained hostile or Peifhcuffi of Grauts of this Nature, they were be- Designs against the Vizier; yet, notwithstanding his po-stowed by the Prince as Rewards or Favours; and the fitive Denial of the Fact, I did, and do still think the accufioroary Presents in Return were adapted to the Nabob Vizier juliified, by One Instance of his Beha-Dignify of the Donor, rather than the Value of the viour, in exacting from him some Confederation for the Gift, tb which it never, I believe, bore any Kind of improved State of his Country and Revenue, derived Proportion. In my demand, I endeavoured to recon- as a Consequence from the Protection of the Treaty cile this Practice with the Object which the Board had fubfifiing with him. This arose chiefly from the Encou-in View, of some Indemnification to the Vizier; and ragement given by Fyzoola Cawn to Defcrtions of the when you know that the chief Claim, upon which it Nabob’s Tenants, who were known to have resorted to was supposed the Vizier had a Right to Comperrfation, him in great Numbers, which is a Breach of One of was not formed, I am persuaded that you will approve the most ancient and fundamental Laws of all Indostan. my Conduct; I mean the Advantages which it was In the present Instance, it was aggravated by the ac-alleged Fyzoola Cawn had derived from the Labours of knowledged Relation in which Fyzoola Cawn flood to the Vizier’s Ryats. I believe I have already informed the Nabob Vizier, as his titular Vassal. While this you, that he has proved to me the Error of this Sup- afforded a Plea for a Demand which was flriCUy con-position, by producing Receipts of various Dates, and formable to the Usages of Indostan, and no Way con- for great Numbers of those People, surrendered upon trary to Treaty, I was induced to encourage the Demand Requisition from the Vizier’s Officers. 1 trouble you on the same Ground, because I knew that Fyzoola with this Vindication, left it should be insinuated that I Cawn was well able to answer it; and so in Effect had an Intention to sacrifice the Vizier’s Interest, but it proved.

only wanted Opportunity to cany it into Execution; I am also clearly of Opinion, that Fayzulla Caron and besides, I think it as indispensable to you for my deviated in other Infiances, not only from the Spirit,

Intentions as for my Actions. but even from the Letter of his Treaty. Major Palmer,

" The Sum which I have accepted for relinquishing in the Letter which I have read, informs Mr. Bristow the itipulated Aid will, I think, be thought an ample that Fayzoota Cawn denies his Infringement of any Equivalent for such precarious Service. I think myself One Article of his Treaty; but Major asserts,

Vo L. 41. " That

io° Mail. 1786.

Mr. Hutting*' Answer to Charge aguinlt him.

" That the Number of Ro in Rampoor alone, " certainly exceeds that limited by Treaty for his Service;" and he further fays, " That from general " Appearances, as well as universal Report, it cannot " be doubted that the Jumma (Income) of his Jagheer, " is greatly increased beyond the original Grant;" and it has been positively asserted, that he obtained his Jagheer originally upon a false Valuation. It is allb an undoubted Fad, that frequent Disturbances were raised in the Vizier’s Country by the Rohiilas; and in particular, that Hoormtt Cawn, One of the Sons of Haffez Rhamut, who had by Indulgence been allowed to remain in Rohilcund, and who was actually under the Protection

of Fayzulla Cazvn at the Time, raised a Party of Eight hundred or a Thousand armed , before the

smalleli Intelligence was received of his Design, and with this Force, which was Hourly increasing, committed Depredations in the Vizier’s Territories in Rohilcund for several Days before any effectual Check could be given to him.

I look back to the Length of this Defence, and to so long an Intrusion on the Time of this Honourable House, with a Regret aggravated by the Reflection, that after all I may have been employed in a Waste of Argument; for though the Production to which I have replied is intituled " an Article of Charge of High " Crimes and Misdemeanorsthough it consists of so long, laboured, and methodical an Arrangement, and I have studied it with all the Accuracy of Attention which I could give to it; yet am I still unable to draw from it any specific Charge. I know not whether it was intended to convey the Charge of Disobedience of Orders, of Opprefiion, of Corruption, of Embezzlement, of prohibited or unjust War, or of Breach of Treaty, for none of these Crimes are specified; and the Two last of these only seem to be implicated in it, and the First so remotely, that I scarce think myself warranted in supposing it. To these, however, I have directed my Defence, and with them, in the only Mode in which I could defend myself again!! all possible and unknown Imputations, by a plain Narrative of all the Transactions in which I have had any Participation with Fayzula Cawn, and which could serve either as the Ground of Accul'action, or the Refutation of it.

With respect to the Mode in which this Charge is drawn, 1 mean in the Subdivisions of it, I mull throw myself upon the Generality as well as Justice of this Honourable House, in full Confidence that they will acquit me of the Imputations with which these abound, on the Credit of my Refutation of those which stand in the First Division or Chapter, and to which alone I have applied a minute and appropriate Reply.

That in an intercourse of many Years I have committed Errors I will not deny; I have acknowledged it — and what mortal Being is exempt from the Corn-million of Error? But that I have ever committed intentional Wrong, I can truly and solemnly deny; and I appeal to the Judgment of this Honourable House for my complete Acquittal of such a Charge, if such a Charge does exist against me; for still I mull repeat that I have fought in vain to find it.

To sum up the Whole: Let the Charge, with my Defence, be taken together, and they will shew that I was vigilant in my Attention to Fayzula a Chief who

from his Situation might prove dangerous to the Interests of the Company, and the Ally of the Company; — that I protected him again!! any eventual Design of his Superior, in virtue of the Company’s Guarantee; — that I drew from the Connection a pecuniary Aid to the Company, at a Time when their Wants moll preflingly required it, and without any moral Objection made to it by the only Person who had a Right to object to it; — that I never

sent a Man in Arms, nor suffered one to be sent again!! Fayzula Cawn, during our Guarantee of the Treaty; — and I will add, with a Reference to the Records before this Honourable House, and to the Evidence of undoubted Notoriety, that though the Treaty with Fayzula Cawn has now subsisted above Eleven Years, his Country has enjoyed, through its Protection, a State of undillurbed Peace and improved Cultivation; and is at this Time in a more flourishing State, both in Population and Revenue, than it was known to possels before the Conclusion of his Treaty with the Nabob Shujah Dowlah.

Let it be remembered, that in all this Time I held the First Place in the Administration of the Government of Bengal, ou which the Subsistence of that Treaty depended; and from the Effects which I have detailed, let the Integrity of my Conduct be inferred, and its Influence allowed in their Production.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, which were presented to the House by Mr. Burke, upon the 4th Day of April last, are referred.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Duti« 00 a Bill to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the " Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for " the more ealy Supply of the Inhabitants there with " a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal,

" and Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this " Session, to be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve Battens and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^ea^*' lider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Battens and Deals.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Militi*. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

And

HaWkers and Pedlars.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Brimington, Ac. Roads.

Wei ford - Bridge Road.

Coventry

Canal.

26 Geo. III. 10° — 11 Mail. 797

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are neccfl'ary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Poumey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, That they

had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 18th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for " regulating their Trade," as retrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday next at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, ^fen of the Clock.

Jovis, 11* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP0 Regis, 1786.

Praters.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from and

" Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over the High " Moors, to die several Places therein mentioned:" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the Road from Wetford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bosuorthand Great to Milston

Lane, in the Town of Leicesterj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of , and for

Vox,. 41.

other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor within the Parish of Romford in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rollc, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates veiled in Trustees for Sale j to which the Lords desire tire Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through A!fret on, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and

also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Lodge, to Stretton, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way-of Ryder, directing that the Money arising from the Sale of settled Estates shall be laid out in Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland , to in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, ‘ Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County

9 R of

Romford

Workhouse*

Rolle’s

Estates.

Heage,

Hoad.

Chesterfield

Road.

Weston upon

Trent

Inclosurt.

Kidwelly, Ac. Roads.

798 ii 0 Mali 1786.

of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Bridge to

Mill, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge, and from the said Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from Pont y Clerck to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road near the House of Walter Rhys Thomas, and from John Evan Rees's House to join the lait-mentioned Turnpike Road near the House of Rhys Walter, and from the Smith’s Shop near Pont ar Dylas Turnpike Gate to the Road leading from Swansea to Llanelly, and from Gur-reoach Turnpike Gate to Pompren and from

Cefn Glasfrynto Pompren Penpwll, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Mansel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Elections — Mr. NichoHs presented to the House, according to Occasional Order, a Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from voting Voters. jn jjie Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

St. Nicholas, Mr. Webb presented to the House, according to Or-Gloucester. der, a Bill for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Gloucester, and for building a new Church within the said Parish, in a more convenient Situation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Middlesex Mr. Maumaring presented to the House, according

House of to Order, a Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for Correction. CQUnty Qf Middlesex, to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Attorniesand A Petition of the Attornies and Solicitors residing SoJici»o/r. within the several Counties of Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fees which Attornies and Solicitors are entitled to, having been settled at a very distant Period, are now become an inadequate Compensation for their Care and Trouble in conle-quenoe of the great Advance in the Price of all the Necessaries of Life, and the Duties which Attornies and Solicitors are made subject to by the late Act of Parliament: and that, for Want of a Law confining the Practice of Conveyancing to Persons regularly educated and brought up to the Profession, Country Schoolmasters, Parish Clerks, and other unqualified Persons, have intruded themselves into that Brand) of the Petitioners Profession, to the Ruin of many Families, and the great Detriment of the Public, and the said Act imposing a Tax on Attornies and Solicitors, does not afteft Persons acting as Con-

04

veyancers only; and that the Laws respecting Attornies and Solicitors are very defective, as many im«-proper Persons daily gain Admission on the Roll, and Bills of Fees and Disbursements for Law Proceedings are subject to Taxation without any Limitation as to Time, which is productive of great Hardships and Inconveniences to Attornies and Solicitors, and particularly to their Families after their Deaths: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Attornies and Solicitors practising in the several Courts of Law and Equity, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Attornies and Solicitors of the said Courts, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Little Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Smeaton.Ac. Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smea- *aclosure* ton, and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of sley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West

Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barlow’s for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County Estate. of Southampton, deviled by the Will of Benjamin Barlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Minchin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Roue's Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Estate. Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale, was. read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Speirs and Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bowman, Bowman Archibald Speirs, George Buchanan, Andrew Buchanan, Sb, Ps-James Hopkirk, Peter Speirs, and William French, all Merchants in Glasgow, Owners of the Ships Speirs and Bowman, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Burton being examined, said. That he is acquainted with the Petitioners, and with the Nature of the Trade earned on by them; and that previous to the American War, and at the Period when Hosti-Lrtiee commenced, they had, as he verily believes, a

Property

26 Geo. III. 11° Mail. 799

Properly in Virginia and ,to the Extent of

130,000l. Sterling at the least; which Money was chiefly vested in Debts due to them from Persons residing in those Provinces, in the Course of an extensive Trade, which they had carried on above Twenty-five Years.

That on the Return of Peace, the Petitioners not doubting but that they should experience every Facility in the Recovery of their Debts; and not having any Idea that there would be any legal Obstruction to the former Mode of carrying on Trade with ordered the Two Ships mentioned in the Petition to be built in the State of Maryland, for the Purpose of bringing home their Effects — That for the Purpose of building and completing the said Vessels, the Petitioners lent the necessary Iron-work, Sails, and Rigging, from Great Britain, composing fully One Half of the Value thereof.

That before it was known to the Petitioners, that it was the Intention of the British Government to exclude American Vessels, a very considerable Progress had been made in the Building of the said Ships.

That the Petitioners, not being able to recover any of their Property in Americ, were under the Necessity of paying in Great Britain for the Expence of building those Ships; and being thus disappointed in procuring Cargoes for the said Ships on their own Account, they were under the Necessity of taking in Tobacco, upon Freight, for Great Britain, where the Ships arrived in the Year 1784, and have ever since lain useless in the Harbour of Port Glasgow1.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Custouis in Scotland to grant British Registers to the Ships Speirs and Bowman belonging to John Bowman, and others. Merchants in the City of Glasgow: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

mbeth. Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to

Rowls. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, teveral Roads in the l'everal Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Blaekf Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for w idening certain Parts of the said Road, leading from Westminster Bridge towards Kensington; for amending, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Bridge Road,

near the Magdalen Hospital; and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street aforesaid, into the said Blaekfriars Bridge Road nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road; for repairing the Road between the South End of Black-friars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Parish of Christ Church, and, for reducing all the Acts into One Act, was committed; and to whom the Petition of James;

and also, the Petition of John Rolls; and also, the Petition of Jane West, Widow, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Vo L. 4L

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 9,

Line 3, being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 9, Line 3, which was after " shall " to insert " together with the Lord Mayor and " Court of Aldermen of the City of London, and their Successors for the Time being, John West, Thomas " West, John Middleton, James John Rolls,

" John Cooke, Robert Slade, John Dunkin, Robert " Milne, and Peter Roberts," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telte for ft. Ye^$r; A.d= Nemtoem

TcHe^rheNoe,^^ } .5.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Quantity of Ground to be taken from the Botanic Garden.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an First Fruit*, Account of the Monies arising from the First Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy unapplied.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Canwick Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, Iaclofur®. within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto, and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the fame, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Cawthorne, Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Battens and Committee of the whole House, to whom k was referred Deal*, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Battens and Deals, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fulloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Five Shillings be imposed upon every One hundred and Twenty Battens imported into Great Britain.

Resolved,

V-

A \ 178

Public

Annuities.

Scotch

Judges.

Duties on Salt.

Admiralty

Office.

800 11

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings be imposed upon every One hundred and Twenty Deals imported into Great Britain.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of replacing to the Revenue the Sums granted towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the " Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for " the more ealy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a " certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and

Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this Session, to " be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fifii from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to esquire, and report to this House, how far it is necessary to purchase for the Public the House and Premisses, late Sir Robert Barker's, near the Office of Admiralty, and to make additional Buildings to the said Office;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tire Yea*,{: } 32'

Tellers forte Noes, j «

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Copies of His Naval Half Majesty’s Orders in Council, of the 3d of June 1747, Pay. and the 8th of March 1771, respecting the Establishment of Rear Admirals Half Pay to Senior Captains who lost their Rank by the Promotion of Junior Captains; and also, the Copy of His Majesty s Order in Council relative to the Half Pay of the Navy, dated 2 2(1 April 1773, which were severally presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of March and the 3d Day of last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That an humble Addrefe be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to direct, that such Captains in the Navy, who, notwithstanding their Seniority, have been set aside by any former Promotions of Flag Officers, as well as those who shall at any Time hereafter be set aside by future Promotions, and who are not entitled to a Pension equal to the Half Pay of a Rear Admiral, shall be esteemed as superannuated Captains, and placed for the rest of their Lives on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, with a Pension equal to their Half Pay as Senior Captains; and that the Captains now holding, or who may in future hold, any Civil Employment, shall not, during the Continuance of such Civil Employment, be counted amongst the Number of those entitled to receive Eight Shillings or Ten Shillings a Day on the Half Pay Lift:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Y«,{ >£; f ". } 39.

Te..ers for^NoeSl{^"^ } »

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to direct, that such Captains in the Navy, who, notwithstanding their Seniority, have been set aside by any former Promotions of Flag Officers, as well as those who shall at any Time hereafter be set aside by future Promotions, and who are not entitled to a Pension equal to the Half Pay of a iRear Admiral, shall be esteemed as superannuated Captains, and placed for the rest of their Lives on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, with a Pension equal to their Half Pay as Senior Captains; and that the Captains now holding, or who may in future hold, any Civil Employment, shall not, during the Continnuance of such Civil Employment, be counted amongst the Number of those entitled to receive Eight Shillings or Ten Shillings a Day on the Half Pay Lift.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Maafesu. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods, was committed;

a6 Geo. III. n° — 120 Mail. 801

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Charge* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the against whole House, to consider further of the several Articles Mr. Haftingi. 0£ (J[iarge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mooring next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Persons to Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered

attend. atten(j the said Committee this Day (except Captain

Ijeonard Jacques and Afajor Balfour) do attend the said Committee upon Monday Aloming next.

East India Ordered, That Sir Samuel Hannay have Leave to Affairs. make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company Jo lay before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Lieutenant Charles Marsack to the Office of Surveyor of the Province of Oude.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of Captain Charles Marsack'& Application to the Governor General and Council to resign his Commission in their Service; and also a Copy of the Orders granting Permission to Captain Marsack to reside in the Province of Oude after he had resigned the Company’s Service.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House a Copy of the Minutes, Resolutions, or Orders which appear on the Bengal Confutations, or were issued relative to the Payment of Captain Marsack's Claims upon the Nabob Vizier.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Mail;

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

Broughton C I R James Langham reported from the Committee, Inclosure. vJ to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors ot 8 Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and also except the Owners of Cottage Commons, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 52 Yard Lands and a Quarter, and Voi* 41.

the Number of Cottage Commons are Eleven; and that no Perl'on appeared before the Committee to opj>ofe the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more ealy Recovery of Small Tythes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from t|ie Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Aloming next.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkstone, and the Parishes of Folkstone, Cherriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Mar-sham, Mr. Honywood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

9 S A Bill

Newoastle under Lyu* Road.

Ecclesiastical Courts.

Tunbridge

Road.

Folkstone Small Debts.

12° M

802

A. 1786.

St. Margaret, Westminster.

Black friars Bridge.

St John, Southwark.

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

Adjourn*

meat.

Accounts from Scotland —

Hemp, &c.

Sugar.

A Bill for making an additional Rate upon the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of to defray

the Expence of a proper Patrol within the said Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. sham, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Neumham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or near The Circus in Saint George’s Fields, in the County of Storey, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Straits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-lented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into Scotland, between the ill Day of January 1772 and the ill Day of January 1786: And allb.

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 25th December 1780 to the 25th December 1785; distinguish-ing each Year, and the different Islands from whence imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Account* the Office of Chamberlain of the City oft London, attended £halu£erlai* at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented of 11flt4^ to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several A fits of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1785: And allb,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing from the 29th Day of September 1784 to the 29th Day of September 1785, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street from Moorfields to Bishopsgate Street, 8gc. from the 29th Day of 1784, ex-

elusive, to the 29th Day of September 1785, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, and other Purposes therein mentioned, from the 29th Day of September 1784, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1785, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, fyc.within the said City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th Day of September 1784, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1785, inclusive:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of re-building the Gaol of Newgate, in the aforesaid City, from the 26th of January 1785 to the ill of July 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Iroing, from the Wine* Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of French Wines exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1785, distinguishing each Year; also, an Account of all other Wines exported from England during the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Carlisle Repair, so much of the Road from the City of Carlisle Road' to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, as is within the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaftoe, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That AnlW to 03 their Adtilel*‘

GooooJ

Kill Loot Writ.

Scotch

Judge*.

26 Geo. III. 1 20 Man803

their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct, that such Captains in the Navy, who, notwithstanding their Seniority, have been set alide by any former Promotions of Flag Officers, as well as those who shall at any Time hereafter be set aside by future Promotions, and who are not entitled to a Pension equal to the Half Pay of a Rear Admiral, shall be esteemed as superannuated Captains, and placed for the rest of their Lives on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, with a Pension equal to their Half Pay as Senior Captains; and that the Captains now holding, or who may in future hold, any Civil Employment, shall not, during the Continuance of such Civil Employ njent, be counted amongst the Number of those entitled to receive Eight Shillings or Ten Shillings a Day on the Half Pay Lift) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifluehis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Graves, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in tire County of Buckingham.

Sir Adam Fergusscn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of replacing to the Revenue the Sums granted towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of replacing to the Revenue arising out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the Sums granted towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, Admiralty Courts in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh, there be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses, taken in any Caule or Suit before the Court of Session, or Commission of Tythes, or Court of Admiralty, or Commissary Court of Edinburgh (excepting such Causes or Suits as are insisted in, at the Instance of the Public Prosecutor, for the Public Interest, or w here the Party, at whose Instance such Deposition or Depositions is or are taken, is a Pauper, and on the Poors Roll) a Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the same Purpose, there shall be laid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses, taken in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scotland (except Revenue Causes, or any Causes or Suits where the Sum or Subject concluded for is under the Value of Five Pounds Sterling, or where such Deposition or Depositions is or are taken at the Instance of a Pauper upon the Poors Roll of such Court) a Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the same Purpose, there shall be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Affidavit or written Deposition produced Vol. 41.

in the Court of Exchequer iu Scotland, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, for the same Purpose, there shall be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Extract or attested Copy of or from any Deed, Instrument, or Writing (except Protests upon Bills or Promissory Notes under Forty Shillings Sterling) given out from any Public Register, or from the Books or Record of any Court in a Stamp

Duty of One Shilling.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Adam Fergusson and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted lor the Service of the Year 1786 at Somerset Place, towards Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradesmen till the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting the re during the Remainder of the Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1785 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of May 1786, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Iodin Da Mauooir, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Memorial of the Matter of the Mint, respecting an Application for a Vote of Parliament for Balance due to him of .14,939 /. 5 oj d. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Memorial of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint, on Account of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relative to

the

I (land of St. Euftatius.

Redaction of

National

Debt.

i Mail. A. 1786.

the Gold and Silver Coin, to 31st December 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an InstruQion to the said Committee, That they do consider of defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Year 1785; and also of the Extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons entitled to a Share of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, on Behalf of themselves and all others entitled to the said captured Property, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report being again read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower certain Persons, to be therein named, to call to a speedy Account all Agents and others, who shall appear to have received, or be subject to account for, any of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, on the 3d of Fsbruary 1781, and also to authorize the said Persons to receive and give Discharges for the Balances, and to invest the same in some of the Public Funds to accumulate for the Benefit of the Captors and other legal Claimants, until a final Dividend shall be made: And that Sir George Howard, Mr. Secretary at War, and the Lord Beauchamp, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, was re-committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Proceedings of the Commissioners when all

the Public Annuities shall be above Par, and no Steps shall have been taken by Parliament for redeeming such Annuities.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clafe w as offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Commissioners to subscribe Money in their Hands to Public Loans.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Payment shall be made to the Public Creditors as a Matter of Right, and for pledging the Public Faith to such Payments.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yea3 went forth.

{Mr. Dempster, j

Sir George Augustus > 5.

William Skuckburgk:J fMr. William Wyndham \ Tellers for the Noes, -j Grenvile, !> tog.

[Mr. Boughton Rouse: J So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that when the Money to be applied in Payment of the Debt shall amount to Jour Millions, the Accumulation shall cease; that Payments shall go on as long as any Debt remains unpaid; and, that when the Annuity redeemed shall amount to the Product of certain Taxes therein enumerated, such Taxes shall be repealed.

And the Question being ut, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners to receive Donations and Legacies, and apply the same to the Payment of the National Debt.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Seamen, posed, That the Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty’s Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage thern-selves for that Service, whenever they shall be duly called forth, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arme, intituled, "An Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the Public Debts, and for " erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the " South Seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery,

" and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the " Subjects of Spain, and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put. That the Word "now"

Hand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Pidiency,

Captain

The Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words

" upon

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

23*

89.

i6 Geo. Ilf.

12°---15'

Mail,

805

it

upon this Day Three Months’* be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Dfltam The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committed in a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the the E. Indies. furj|ier Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of " the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the " British Possessions in India, and for establishing a " Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual " Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in " The East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to The East Indies, and for the more easy Proof in certain Cafes of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. BoughtonRouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Daties CD Tobacco.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco/’ and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 158 die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

Pratirj.

LjmingUm /T R. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom jlVX the Petition of several of the Tru flees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Vol. 41.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ".An Act,

" for repairing and widening several Roads leading from " the Quay at Lymington, in the County of " ampton," was reterred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as foTloweth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Edward Hicks being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid unless the Term and Powers of the said Act-be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiR to enlarge the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton:

And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Thido prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to Berwick St.

whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Jolln> &c-Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Inc ofure‘ Grounds in the Parishes of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the.

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Proprietor in Reversion, after the Determination of certain Leasehold' and Copyhold Interests for Lives of 224 Acres of the Open Fields to be divided (and which are entitled to the"

Right of Common upon the other Lands) and also the Proprietors of 41 Acres of the said Open Fields, are consenting that One of the Commissioners named in the Bill should be changed, and that the Whole of the said Open Fields contains 388 Acres; and that the rest of the Proprietors of the said Open Fields have not been apprised of the changing of such Commissioner, but the Agent, employed on Behalf of all the Proprietors to solicit the Bill, informed the Committee, that he apprehends no Objection will be made by the Proprietors to the Commissioner being changed; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hina to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Brooghton and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- lDCl°,ure-tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of -ampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in

9 T the

Ship Owner* and Mailers.

Middlesex House of Correction.

STaughtering

Horses.

Cheltenham

Streets.

Newcastle upon Tyne Streets.

Sinnington,

£e.Inclosure.

806 15 0 Mail

the Maoor and Parish of Bro, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir James Langham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall " be answerable for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be " answerable for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

of Sinnington with Mart on and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rav«fcy Act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Inclosure' Fields and other Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon-, without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act Shipton’* for vetting the Estate late of John Shipton, Esquire, de- Estate-ceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be Ibid.and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for die Purpose of slaughtering Horses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures. Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parishejs

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Surplus that remained in the Deduction* Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of from S*l«-1786, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out nes’ c' of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame: And also,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Re- Duties 00 ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Vellum, ic. April 1786, of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786: And also,

An Account of the Money that remained in the Re- Dade*« ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Wiue*-April 1786, of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on single Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786: And also,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Re- Two-ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an C1 Act of Parliament on the 5 th and 6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended: And also,

An Account of the Money that remained in the Dutienon Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of GlaC*-April 1786, of the Duties on Glals, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

a6 Geo. III.

I S0 Mail

807

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the lame.

The Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame, amounts to the Sum of Eighty-two Thousand Three hundred and Eighty-six Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 15th Day of May 1786. John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

The Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786, amount to the Sum of Twelve thousand Seven hundred Thirty-five Pounds and Fifteen Shillings.

Exchequer,

the 15th Day of May 1786. John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Angle Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

The Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Wines, granted by an A of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Angle Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786, amounts to the Sum of Sixteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-one Pounds and Five Shillings.

Exchequer,

the 15th Day of May 1786. John Hughson.

Vol. 41.

To

£&ft India Affairs.

808

IS* Mail. A. 1786.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeflfes, in Parliament assembled.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, on the Two-Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended.

The Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended, amount to the Sum of Forty thousand Four hundred and Fourteen Pounds Niue Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings.

Exchequer,

the 15th Day of May 1786. John

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reigir of his late Majesty, after referring sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities, to the 5th Day of January 1-786.

The Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after referring sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities, to the 5th Day of January 1786, amounts to the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of May 1786.

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be'perufediby the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors ofi the East India, Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Captain s Application to

the Governor General and Council to resign his Commission in the East India Company’s Service: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council relative to the Payment of Captain Marsack's Claims upon the Nabob Vizier: And

also;

N° 3. A Paper, intituled, " Information fubraitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, in consequence of their Order, dated Jams, 11® die

" r1?86-"

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

And the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mif-demeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, are referred.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition

q6 Geo. III. 15 Mali809

Newport, A Petition of Benjamin Smith, Esquire, an Inhabitant I. of Wight, arivl Freeholder of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle Streets. ()yon £)ehalf of himself, and several other Inha-

bitants and Freeholders of the said Borough, was pre-leuted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching . the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Pdlfages, and Places within the Borough of Newport, in the of , and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That some of the Matters directed, to b performed by the said Bill (and for which a Rate is proposed to be laid upon the Inhabitants and F’reeholders of the said Borough) may, in the Opinion of the Petitioner, be effectually executed for every necessary Purpose by the Laws now in being, without subjiftii.g the Petitioner, and the rest of the said Inhabitants and Freeholders, to any additional Rate or Assessment for those Purposes: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself, and several other Inhabitants and Freeholders of the said Borough, that he may be heard, by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as appear to the Petitioner unnecessary to be passed into a Law, or as may be anywise prejudicial to him and other Inhabitants and Freeholders of the said Borough, and may have such Relief as the House shall think equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be beard by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Stolle’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

£fiate. for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, El'quires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be lettled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale, was read a Second Time.

Resolrcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Phclips.: c. And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ttafingstoke Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

lucloiure. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting,

and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Plaees, within the Purish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, is committed.

Barking A Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better

TVorkhouse. regulating the Poor, within the Parish of , in

the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

iGainlboroogh A Petition of John Harrison, Esquire, Owner of Bridge. Walkerith Ferry, upon the River Trent, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Tretit, from horough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Purish of Sauiidby, in the County of V.oL. 41.

Nottingham; and Setting forth, That the fame, if carried into Execution, will be of great Detriment and Injury to the Petitioner’s Property in the said Ferry at Walkerith, unless fouie Compensation shall be made to him for the Loss he will sustain thereby: And therefore praying.

That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as will be injurious to his Property, and that the House will afford him such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Kirkwall,*o, the 25th Day of April last, for taking into Consideration, JBeftion, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May, the Petition of Sir James Riddell of Ardnamurchan,

Baronet, complaining of the last Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch,

Tain, and Dingwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevenninght, the 25th Day of this Instant May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, Carlisle made upon the ill and 3d Days of this Instant May, Election, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of John Christian, Esquire; and allb, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon nia»d of Friday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, St. Euflatju*, " to impower certain Persons, to be therein named, to " call to a speedy Account all Agents and others, who " shall appear to have received, or be subject to account " for, any of the Property captured at the Island of " Saint Eustatius, on the 3d of February 1781, and " allb to authorize the said Persons to receive and " give Discharges for the Balances, and to in veil the " same in feme of the Public Funds, to accumulate " for the Benefit of the Captors and other legal " Claimants, until a final Dividend shall he made," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower certain Persons, to be therein named, to call to a speedy Account all Agents, and others, whp 9 U

Ways and Means,

Supply.

810 it? Mali. 1786.

shall appear to have received, or be subject to account for, any of the Property captured by His Majesty’s Forces at or off the Island of Saint Eustatius, and its Dependencies, in the Month of February 1781: And that Sir George Howard, Mr. Secretary at War, and the Lord Beauchamp, do prepare, and bring io, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged with Interest thereupon on or before the 5th Day of April 1787, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged with Interest thereupon on or before the 5th Day of April 1787, to be exchanged and received in Payment in l'uch Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , the Mar-

quis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year 1786; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred Eighty-one Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Nine hundred Thirty-nine Pounds, Five Shillings and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred and Six Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make Compenfetion to Joseph Iodin Mauvoir, for the Loss he sustained by the Seizure of the Ship La Grue, at Portudal, (a French Factory) in the Year 1776* by The Lord Dartmouth Armed Ship lent from Fort Louis, in the River Senegal, for that Purpose, by Matthias Macnamara, Esquire* then Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Province of Senegambia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-seven thousand One hundred Thirty-eight Pounds,

Three Shillings and Two Pence, and Five Eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1785.

The feid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties oq to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House Salt* upon the Bill to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the " Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for " the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a " certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and " Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this Session, to " be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for taking down the Parish Church of Saint st. Nicholas, Nicholas, within the City of Gloucester, and for building Gloucester. a new Church within the said Parish, in a more convenient Situation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Webb,

Mr. Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch Lors» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Session, House, upon the Bill for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in

02 that

16 Geo. III.

811

that Part of Great Britain called ,be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Scotch Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Judges of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Admiralty, upon the Bill for discharging the Payment of Sentence . Money, and other Fees of Court to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts, in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morrow

Morning.

Battens and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Deals. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates upon Battens and Deals, and granting new Rates thereupon, and for ascertaining the Diniensions of Battens and Deals, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ecclesiastical Mr. Rolle, according to Order, reported from the Courts. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more ealy Recovery of Small Tythes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That liie Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Msnifefls. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods, was committed, be now read; And the said Order being read accordingly;

V© l. 41.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Goods entitled to Drawback or Bounty shall not be put on Ship Board but by an Officer of the Customs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shipton’s for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton, Esquire, EftaU* deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reduction of Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for vesting certain National Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter, to u be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to he Bill, by Way of Rider, for enabling the Commissioners to purchase Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures, with the Money in their Hands.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 2. To leave out " redeemable."

Pr. 13. 1. 2. To leave out "redeemable."

Pr. 18. 1. 14. To leave out " redeemable."

1. 16. After " this " to insert " or any other."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resotoed, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Lighting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*. House, to consider of erecting certain Light-Houses, for improving the Navigation of the Northern Seas of Great Britain.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Elefliou*^. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon County the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at Voter*-County Elections;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The

Charges again It Mr. Hastings.

Persons to attend.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Duties on Tobacco.

Perfumery,

I lair Powder, «&c.

812 150 — 1

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ /s} 9$'

f Mr. William Wyndham |

Tellers for the Noes,s' Grenville, > 22.

I Mr. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Watkin Lewes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 23d Day of this Iustant May.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be Efficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on " Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ^itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i0 Maii. A. 17860

Martis, 16* die;

Anno 26° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786.

Praters.

ABI L L for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Newcastle Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His "nd«rbyn» present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Roa ‘ leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to

the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Hawkers and Inhabitants of the County of Worcester, and Counties Pedlars, adjacent, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for many Years past, found it convenient, and been accustomed, to deal with Licensed Hawkers and Pedlars, by whom they have been supplied with Linen, Cotton, and Silk Goods, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, at as fair and reasonable Prices as elsewhere, at their own Houses, without the Expence of travelling to Market Towns, and have always found them honest and upright’in all their Dealings; and Representing to the House, That, by the 9th and 11th Sections of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for laying an additional Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, the Petitioners are deprived of the Benefit of dealing with Hawkers and Pedlars, and they are also not only limited so much in their Trade as not to be able to carry it on to enable them to pay their Creditors, the Duty to Government, and maintain themselves and Families in any Degree of Comfort, but are liable to be suppressed and prevented from carrying it on at all, without a Charge of Guilt, or being heard in their own Defence: And therefore praying the House to repeal the said Sections, and to regulate the said Trade in such Manner as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers,

" Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Chelworth Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure. the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also, a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelwoi'th, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

others,

Goos

16 Geo. III. i 6° Mai813

others, Owners of Lands lying within certain Fields and Common Meadows, in the Manors and Tythings of Great Chehrorthand Li in the Parish of Crick lade Saint Sampson's, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and houses, in the Parishes of Saint Sampson's

and CrickladeSaint Mary's, in the County of were also read.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Bfnrkfmrs An ingrossed Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or near The Circus in Georges Fields, in the County of Surrey, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleaning, watering, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, was read the Third Time.

RcsohrJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bo, An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages patting on a Sunday over Blacks riars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing

the Fund for watching, lighting, cleafing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Nacnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bristol Mr. Bricklade reported from the Committee, to

RrU^eand whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Streets. Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge ad joining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over fbme other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way, from the Bridge already built, to Temple Street, in the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Citizens and Inhabitants of, and Traders to, the City of Bristol, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the fame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, agninlt the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think think fit.

Vol. 41.

___ »

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty Bristol of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bruinc and Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to Strms' the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a Temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Wav, from the Bridge already built, to Temple Street, in the said City; and Setting forth, That the making of a commodious Opening, from the Bridge to Temple Street, is a Convenience highly necessary to the Accommodation as w ell of the Inhabitants of Bristol, as of all Persons relorting thereto from Hampshire, Wiltshire, Dorsetshire,

Bath, and great Part of Somersetshire; and that the Petitioners, from the general and known Characters of the Trustees, have not the least Suspicion that they have been guilty of Mismanageinent, and, from the Enquiry they have made, they cannot find they have been guilty ol any, but, if any Mismanagement had happened, the Petitioners hope, that the Mii'conduct of any Set of Men would not be flittered to operate to the Prevention of so great an Improvement of the said City: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

A Petitition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- Ditto, alty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth.

That a Petition hath been presented, praying to be heard against the lame, and, although the said Petition is fiated to be on Behalf of all the Citizens and Inhabitants of, and Traders to, the said City of Bristol, it ought not to be considered as conveying their Sentiments in general, with regard to the said Bill, for that the Petitioners, and a very great Number of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, are fully convinced that the making of a commodious Opening from Temple Street to the Bridge, as proposed to be done by the said Bill, will be a very great Accommodation and Convenience to the Inhabitants of Bristol, and to all Persons resorting thereto, from Places communicating with the same by the Temple Gate Road; and that the Petitioners have no Reason to suspect any Mismanagenient on the Part of the Trusteeo under the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, and shall deem their Share of the Expence that may attend the making of the proposed Opening amply compensated by the Safety and Accommodation which will thereby be obtained for the Inhabitants of Bristol, and the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to v - lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall he then ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the Iloule, according to Or- Sitpply Bill; der, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the 1 s‘

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-lix:

And the same was received; and read the First rime.

0 X Resolved,

Gaogte

Supply Bill;

Exchequer

Bill*.

Battens and Deals.

Lymingtou

Hoads*

Shipping and Navigation.

Duties on Salt.

Scotch Lords of Session, &c.

16° Mail, 178

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; And the same was received; and read the FirstTiime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at in

the County of Southampton:And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant May.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waite on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the' Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade " and Manufacture of the of Man, and for the " more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a " certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, " and Flour authorized by an Act, made in this Session, " to be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever, was committed; the Amendments which the committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve-raliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Adam Fergusson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and BaronS of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 04

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Adam Fergusson, according to Order, reported Scotch from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Jud8es the Bill for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, Admira,tJ* and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts, in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Speirc and House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Com- Bowman missioners of the Customs in Scotland to grant British shlPs-Registers to the Ships Speirs and Bowman, belonging to John Bauman, and others, Merchants in the City of Glasgow: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom Selby, &c. the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, ^oads‘ passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Hawkers and Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made Pedlttrs-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," as restrains Hawkers and Pedlars from exposing to Sale Goods in Market Towns, and as enables Justices of the Peace, of any County, to prohibit such Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Goods within the same, and for further regulating their Trade;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now,

and at the End of the

2,6 Geo. III. i

the Question to add the Words upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. {£ 49-

Tellers for the Noes, {£"?« } 99.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words upon " this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, *

An Account of the Sum necessary for the Purchase of certain Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent: And also. An Account of the Sum necessary for the Purchase of the Soil of The Bahama Islands.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

St. Vincent and Bahama Mands.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum necessary for purchasing certain Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent.

The Sum necessary for that Purpose amounts to - - - - 6,500.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum necessary for completing the Purchase of the Soil of The Bahama Islands.

The Sum wanting to complete the above Purchase amounts to - - - £. 6,356.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hair Powder. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging a Duty on Hair Powder, in Proportion to the Weight

Bodies of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Criminals, regulate the Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Wil-bcrforce, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spirits, Stc. The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the seised. Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Au Account of all the Arrack, Rum, and all Homemade and Foreign Brandies, Compounds, and other Spirits, of what Kind soever, which have been seized and condemned from the 10th of October 1784 to the ,22d March 1786, inclusive, and in what Manner such Spirits have been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 41.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Coal Trtt *' Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir J Vat kin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Watson, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Charge* whole House, to consider further of the several Articles JR®*?*1. of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against " r- a "S1* Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Si. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persons to

jq attend.

816 16° — 17 5.

to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17® die Mail;

Anno 26° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

Island«fSt. QIR George Howard presented to the House, accord-tuftatius,*c. O ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also,. all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy; and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold; and further to distribute the fame, according to the written I nft ructions of His Most Gracious Majesty addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty's Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Lori Carte- Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Corn-

Eft*’ kC mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

ate' intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary JVeek, otherwise Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of JVilsham-stead, otherwise IVilstead, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the- -Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cilbralur An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render PrixM. more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend,

" and render more effectual, an Act passed in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

" intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of

" the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to " the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of " War belonging to the Enemy," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to explain, amend, and, render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, -amend, and render w more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy " to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at " Gibraltar the like Bounty, for destroying certain " Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers " and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of " War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to " the Enemy."

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near LttWS* expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committe were read.; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices at which Cora is fold in the " several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity " exported and imported," which was to continue in " Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures " of Flax and Cotton in Great ," which was to

continue in Force for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was postponed.

Ordered, That it lie an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Fourth and Fifth of the Resolutions which, upon the lft Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire w'hat Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to

consider

J

26 Geo. III.

Nnveastle under Lyne Ku-id.

17°

consider further of Ways and Meatts for failing the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the Second Resolution of the said Cortimittee, and which has been postponed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees who have usually acted in respect of a Part of a Turnpike Road, called the Nantzcich, or Second Distinct, and who are

Trustees, with others who have usually acted for the Newcastle, or First District of the said Road, all of whom are Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " leading from the Bottom of , in the Town

" of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of " to the Turnpike Road leading from to Chester,

" near the Town of Nantzc in the County of " Chester, and from Chesterton through Audley and " Balterley, to Ghorsty Hilwas presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application has been made to the Iloule for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that at the First Meeting of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, held at Betley, in the County of Stafford, on the 28th Day of May 1766 (when Trustees attended who were inserted in the said Act, with Intent to act for each District of the said Road when it should be divided) it was ordered, that the Tolls arising on the said Road, between Newcastle and a House called The Sign in

Little Madeley, should be applied in Repair of the Road between the Wolf and Newcastle aforesaid, and which last mentioned Road was to be called The Newcastle District, and the Tolls arising on the Road between the said Wolf and Nantwich should be applied in the Repair of the Road between the Wolf and Nantwich aforesaid; and that the Branch from Ghorsty Hill to Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, and from the Wolf to Nantwich, should be deemed the Nantwich District-, and, that at a subsequent Meeting of the said Trustees, it was directed, that the former Order should bereversed, and that the Whole of the Turnpike Road should be divided into Two Districts, and that the Road from Church Lane, in Newcastle, to Richard Dale's House in Betley, should be the First, or Newcastle District, and that the Road from the said Richard Dale's House, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near Nantwich, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hill, should be the Second or Nantwich District; and, at another Meeting of the said Trustees, it was ordered, that the First District, from Church Lane, in Newcastle, to Betley, should be extended to Ghorsty Ilill; and that the Two last mentioned Orders, for altering and making the Divisions of the Road into Districts, were made by a very large Number of the Trustees who acted for the Nezccastle District, whereby the Newcastle, or First District, was made to consist of about Eight Miles of Road, and the or Second District, of Twelve Miles, or thereabouts; and that the Sum of 2,500l. or thereabouts, has been borrowed on the Credit of all the Tolls, and 1,360/. 10#. has been applied to the Repair, and for the Use of the First District, and 1,139/. 10,y- to die Repair, and for ,the Use of the Second District; and that, pursuant to the said Orders, made by a large Number of Trustees acting for the Newcastle, or First District, the Income of the Tolls within the Newcastle, or First District of the said Road, hath been applied in the Repair of that District, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed for the Use of that District, and the Income of the Toils within the Nantwich, or Second District,

Vol. 41.

Mail. 817 "

hath been applied in Repair thereof, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed for the Use of that District: and that several Turnpike Gates crested at

Wrinehill, upon the said Road, which produce an Income of about 200l. a Year, are, by the Two last mentioned Orders, taken frbrn the Nantwich, or Second District, into the Newcastle or First District, although the Road taken from the Nantwich District to the Nezccastle District by those Orders is only about Four Miles and an Half, and requires little Repair, and the Tolls upon the First District produce about 309/. per Annum, and, upon the Second District, about 212/.

Annum; and that the Road within the Nantzcich, or Second District, requires a larger Sum of Money to keep it in Repair, than the First District, not only on Account of its being of much greater Length, and upon a bad Bottom, but from having a constant heavy Coal Carriage upon almost every Part of it, besides the Difficulty and Expence of procuring proper Materials to repair it, which are Inconveniencies that the Road in the First District by no Means labours under; and that the Trustees acting for the Nezccastle, or First District, have paid off about 700l. of the Debt borrowed for the Use of that District, whereas the Trustees acting for the Second District, so far from being able to pay off any Part of their Debt, are at present in Arrear for Interest, and feme of the Petitioners, who act for the Nantwich, or Second District, have represen ted to the Trustees for the Newcastle, or First District, the great and manifest;

Partiality of the Division of the Roads and Application of the Tolls, but cannot obtain any Redress; and that the Road within the Second, or Nantwich District, is in bad Repair, and, in case the said Act should be continued without any Alteration of the present Division of the Roads and Appropriation of the Tolls, the said Road will become ruinous, as the Tolls arising thereon are insufficient for the Repair thereof, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money, according to the Proportion of Interest which the said Second, or Nantwich District hath usually borne, pursuant to the Two Orders made by the Trustees who have acted for the Newcastle, or First District, as before mentioned: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for a more just and equitable Division of the said Roads, and Application of the said Tolls thereon, or that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of in

the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Coals used ia a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Me of Report which was made from the Committee, to whom Ansfefey-the Petition of John Daves, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had come to a fpisolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame,

Y Ordered,

8i8 17* Matt. A. 178&

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ecclesiastical An ingrafted Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Court*. Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more ealy Recovery of Small Tythes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and for the more ealy Recovery of Small Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Exchequer or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One B""* thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto. A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Battens and A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Deals. Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider for ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Apri 1786, of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after referring sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Angle Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after referring sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, on the Two Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties on Glals, for paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after referring sufficient to fetisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Public Account of the Monies which have been HTued to the Accounts. Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Convicts, Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament

An ingrafted Bill to explain an Act, made in the Duties oh last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allow- Salt, ances to be made for Waite on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the of Man\ for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufefture " of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of " the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat,

Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act,

made in this Session, to be transported to the said " Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Walle on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His 06 present

ie

Stamp Officers Luud Tax.

Visconnt Gall way's Estates.

6 Geo. III.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging " and regulating the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the In-

" habitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, " Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act, " made in this SeffioO, to be transported to the said " Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custoni or other Duty whatsoever.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shine Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 35th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Henry William Arundell Viscount Galtway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses, was

Mail. 819

committed; That the Committee had exatnihed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; apd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that tins House bath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Mr. Rose preferred to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, American to be applied for the Relief apd Benefit of sundry Sufferer*. American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Civil Lilt Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, opt of His Revenues. Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned; And also.

Another Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton,

Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned: And also,

Another Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton,

Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts a Tiea* followed); vis.

As ACCOUNT of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

1785.

8th July

28 th October 4th November

1786.

13th January 27th Ditto 17th February

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire -

For Fees attending the Receipt thereof

To Ditto - -

To Ditto 1 -

For Fees attending the Receipt thereof

To Ditto -To Ditto -

To Ditto - -

For Fees attending the Receipt thereof

15th April To Ditto -

For Fees attending the Receipt thereof

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th May 1786.

Vol. 41.

I- d.

15,000----

777 t3 6

10,000 -

5,000 -

777 *3' 6

10,000----

3.000 ---- —

2.000 -

777 13 6

14,000----

726 4 6

£. s. d.

15.777 13 6

15.777 13 6

15,777 13 6 14,726 4 6

62,059 5 —

Ah

Public Income and Expenditure*

820

17* Mait. 1786.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the following Services; that is to say j

1785-ill July.

To enable him to discharge several Bilb drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for extraordinary Expences incurred in furreying and laying out Lands, and for Lumber purchased, and Rations of Provisions supplied to sundry Persons who have taken Refuge there -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

loth August. The Expence of clothing the Convicts on board the Ship Dunkirk at Plymoath, and other Expences, to 30th June 1785 ----- £.186 7 11

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for the Purchase of Instruments delivered to Josiah Tattnall, Surveyor of Lands in the Bahama Islands - - - - 98 122

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

2d September.

To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Payment of extraordinary Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands granted to His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, and for reduced Officers and Soldiers who have taken Refuge there

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

1786.

6th January. To enable him to discharge Two Bilb drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of NovaScotia, one for 919/. 18$. — i d. for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands, and the other for 989/. is. — d. for Lumber purchased to distribute among the loyal Refugees ia that Province, making together the Sum of - -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Governor of New Brunswick, in America, to fatbfy the Expences in locating Lands for Loyalists and disbanded Troops, between 22d November 1784 and

June 1785....

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

37th January. To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for the Payment of a Quantity of Timber, Boards, and Shingles, for the Use of the Loyalists establishing themselves in that Island -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof....

£. s. d.

6,250 4 4 329 12 6

285 — 1 23 2 6

1,037 2 6f 61 13

£ s. d.

6,579 16 10*

308 2 7

,1,098 15 6*

1,908----$

106 9 —

515 11 34 18 —

960 8 3i 57 1 6 —

2,014 9 —

550 9 6±

1,018 4 3f

To

4

Go°gIiM

2 6 Geo. JII.

i 70 Maii.

1786. 27th January.

10th February.

2 2d February.

24th March.

To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by Parr, Esquire,

Governor of Nova Scotia, for Payment of extraordinary Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands for His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, and reduced Officers and Soldiers, who have taken Refuge there from the United States of America -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands for the Loyalists and disbanded Troops in that Province -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Governor of New Brunswick, in America, for the Pay of Deputy Surveyors and Assistants, employed in locating Lands for Loyalilis and disbanded 1 roops, between June and September 1785 -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

To enable him to discharge sundry Fees due to the Secretary, the Surveyor General, the Register, and Deputy Auditor, on Grants of Lands in Nova Scotia, from lft January to 30th September 1784, amounting to the Sum of -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -

To be by him paid over to Mr. James Hill, to satisfy a Bill of Disbursements on Account of Convicts on board the Firm, at Portsmouth, from 9th December 1785 until the 20th February 1786 -To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - ....

27th March.

The Expence of clothing the Convicts on Board the Ship Dunkirk, at Plymouth, and other Expences, from ill Day July 1785 to 31st December following -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt . thereof ....

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th May, 1786.

82

1.369 18 4

78 13 6

918 18 — 55 11 6

304 1 3 24 2 —

1,203 9 6 70 3 6

254 18 2 21-----

173 14 7 17 8 —

£ d.

1,448 11 10

974 9 6f

328 3 3

1,273 13 —

275 18 2

191 2 7

16,061 16 3

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the following Service: That is to say;

1786.

March. For Fees paid at the Exchequer on the Receipt of 150,000l. granted to

His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief 01American £.

Loyal ills -- - 3,750 14 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

17th May 1786.

Vol. 41. An

8*13

A.- i*]8'6i

Duties on Tobacco.

Hair Powder.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Altering Lift of Land Tax Commissioners.

17 Mati.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued toiTanias Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the fallowing-Services: That is to say;

1786.

March. For the Passage and Expences of Thomas Dundas and Jeremy »

Enquires, Commissioners of American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and also

for the Expences of Secretary and Clerks . - - - £. 2,300-----

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof - - - 126 9 —

-------------2,426 9 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

17th May 1786.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the was altered, by several of the Names of the said Corn-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. missioners being changed, and falsely spelt, in order that

the same might be Misnomers, and the Commissioners,

Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the House whole Names were intended to be inserted, might be to resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, prevented from acting in the Execution of the said Act, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last and to report the same to the House; and, for the At-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better tendance of John Mortlock, Esquire, in his Place;

" securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Duties on Tobacco* be now read. Ordered, That the said John Mortlock, Esquire, do

And the said Order being read accordingly; attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning uext, resolve itself into the said Committee. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply.

to resolve itself into a Cotmhittee of the whole House, to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to be now read.

consider of charging a Duty on Hair Powder, in pro- And the said Order being read accordingly; portion to the Weight, be now read. A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

And the said Order being read accordingly; That the Estimate of the Expence of such Parts of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Plan of Fortifications, which thle Land Officers of the next, resolve itself into the said Committee. late Board reported to His Majesty would give a rea-

fohable Degree of Security for the Dock Yards at Ports-The House was moved. That an Act, made in the mouth and Plymouth, as appear nfoft necessary to be last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant- carried into immediate Execution, specifying such Sums " ing to His, Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, for each Work as can be conveniently employed, in the Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Year 1786, towards their Completion, be referred to " Trade" might^ read. the said Committee.

And the same being read accordingly; And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, withdrawn.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for Resobed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning a Time to be limited, the Operation of so much of the next, resolve itself into the said Committee, said Act, as prohibits the said Hawkers and Pedlars

from exposing to Sale any Goods or Wares in any City Resoloedi That an humble Address be presented to Address (1 or Market Town, or within Two Miles thereof; and His Majesty, That be will be graciously pleased to give Estimau. also so much of the said Act as prohibits the said Hawkers Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Efti-and Pedlars from vending their Goods in any County, mate of the Expence ‘ of completing and improving the in case, foe justices at the General Quarter Sessions Old Works at Portsmouth and Plymduih.

should have made an Order to the contrary. Or, That the said Address be presented to His And the fiud* Motion was, with Leave of the House, Majesty by such Mefobers of this House as are of His withdrawn. Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The several Orders of the Day being road, for taking Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an portugsi into further Consideration the Report which was made Account of Portugal Wines imported into Great Britain Wine, from the Committee, who were appointed to examine for Fifty Years last past; distinguishing the Quantities imported, into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, imported in each Year from Oporto, Lisbon, and Ma-That one of the Members for the Town of Cambridge deira, respectively. having offered a List of Commissioners for executing the

Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilst the said Lift Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account to was in the Ingrofiing Office of this House, in order to Account of the Amount of the Duties charged on be printed, be ingrossed into the Bill, then depending, for appointing Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time, Commissioners for executing the said Act, the said Lift distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the

House

6 Geo. III. 170- — 18 823

House upon the 1 oth Day of this Instant May, by Mr. Paton, from the Commissioners of Excise) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read; tk&ons — Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Occasional Voters

Occasional from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Voter*. Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 18* die Man Anno 26* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1786. Prayers.

Longhbo- HP H E Order of the Day being read, for the Second rough Canal. X Reading of the Bill for making a Navigation from the Jua&ion of the River Soar with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of to the Mouth of the River Wreak, and from thence in the Rivers Wreak and Eye, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester',

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued Public to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to Accw, nts* examine, take, and Rate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And also,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, CoaviAs. Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed

to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Between loth Between 5th

October 1785 and January and

5 th January 1786. 5th April 1786.

To John Lane, Gentleman, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to examine, %. s. d. £ s. d.

take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom ----- 500 500 500

I' 1,000 —

Exchequer, John Hughson.

the 18th Day of May 1786.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Between 5th July and loth October Between 10th O&nber 1785 and 5 th January 17 86. Between 5th January and 5th April 1786. Between. 5th April and 5th July 1786.

To Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames - s. d. 5,662 10 1 £. s. d. 5*39* 1 6 £' j. d. 5.285 17 6 £. s. 5,219 16 6 5.285 17 6 5»392 1 6 5,662 10 1

John Hughson. £ 21,560 5 7

Exchequer, the 18th Day of May 1786.

Ordei'ed,

824 18° Mali. A. 1786.

Ordered, That (he said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

first Fruits, The House being informed that Mr. Stevens, Treasurer

&c- to the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Money arising from the First Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, unapplied on the ill of May 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Barlow* Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Eiiate. whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Pait of the Estates, in the Town and \ . County of Southampton, devised by the.Will of Benjamin Barlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Eiiate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lambeth, fcc. An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road*. of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King G the Second, and the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of iMmbeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, and for keeping in Repair the Roads from the South End of Bla Bridge to Newington, and a Place called The Dog and Duck, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; for widening certain Parts of the said Road leading from Westminster Bridge towards Remington Common; for amending, widening, watching, and lighting the Road leading from the West End of Mount Row, through Marsh Street, Lambeth, to the Blackfriars Bridge Road near the Magdalen Hospital; and for making and repairing a Road from Marsh Street aforesaid into the said Blackfriars Bridge Road, nearly opposite to Charlotte Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the said County, and for watching and lighting such new Road; for repairing the Road between the South End of Black-friars Bridge and the South Side of a Street called The Upper Ground, in the said Parish of Christ Church; and for reducing all the Acts into One Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Imports and Exports of all Grain and Corn Account to to and from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be PnntwL from the Year 1764 to 1771, and from 1781 to 1785, being the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishingeach Year (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of April last by Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) be printed as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Coal* ufrd in Report from the Committee of the whole House, to LofAnglefcy. whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others,

Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j^he<luer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ditto, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; vix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Eighty-two thousand Three hundred and Eighty-six Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Surplus of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid

upon

26 Geo. III.

18° Maii. 825

upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfy ing all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Sixteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-one Pounds and Five Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 17S6, of the Money that remained of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Angle Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Money that remained of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of . January 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twelve thousand Seven hundred Thirty-five Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Monies that remained of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thai, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Forty thousand Four hundred and Fourteen Pounds, Nine Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Monies that remained on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an -Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, An Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the more eft'eftual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain" which was to continue in Force for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the 4th and 5th of the Resolutions which, upon the 1 ft Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

of Notice being taken that the Bill for vetting in r. Eullatius, Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near . Vol. 41.

the Islands of Saint Ruslalius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise," from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores,

Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy; and to enable the said Trustees to caTI upon the several" Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now ate, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment Of the Sums they may respectively hold; and further to distribute the lame, according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next, varied from the Order for preparing and bringing in the fame;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill upon Monday Morning next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account to count of the Amount of the Duties on Coals exported te Print«i Coastwise within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, specifying the Sums raised at each Port, from the lft of January 1780 to the ift of January 1786, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of March last by Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) be printed, asftisll be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Election* — Reading of the Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from Occafrwal voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament VoUr*’ for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrotted Bill to enlargp the Term and Powers S«lhy, 4c. of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth ^par of the Hoad*. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act; to enlarge the Term and Pow ers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Li*btH®ufr«# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of erecting certain Light Houses, for improving the Navigation of the Northern Seas of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

10 A Resolved,

826 18 'Ma

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refelve itself into the said Committee.

Maoifefts. An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-landing of Goods, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 28.1. 25. To leave out " shipped," and insert " carried " instead thereof.

Pr. 30.1. 8. To leave out " Ship," and insert " carry or put on Board " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine Re-lauding of Goods.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of confining, maintaining, Convia*. and employing Convicts for One Year: And also,

Estimate of Allowances to be made, for One Year, for Americaa the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and Sufferer*-others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; ,

ESTIMATE of the Expence of confining, maintaining and employing Convicts for

One Year.

if. d.

At Woolwich ----- 20,452-- —

At Portsmouth and Plymouth - -- --10,847 10 —

£31,299 1© —

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to be made, for One Year, for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Govern ttient * £. 55,000 —

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Altering Lift Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for

c teking into further Consideration the Report which was ommission- ma(|e from jje Committee, who were appointed to examine intofltie Matter of the Complaint made to the House, That one of the Members for the Town of Cambridge having offered a List of Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilst the said Lift was in the Ingrafting Office of this House, in order to be ingrafted into the Bill, then depending, for appointing Commissioners for executing the said Act, the said Lift was altered, by several of the Names of the said Commissioners being changed, and falsely spelt, in order that the same might be Misnomers, and the Commissioners, whole Names were intended to be infected, might be prevented from acting in the Exiecution of the said Act, and to report the same to the House; and, for the Attendance of John Mortlock, Esquire, in his Place, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And Mr. Mortlock attending in his Place;

The said Report was again read.

And then Mr. Mortlock withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of March 1688, of what Mr. Foley, Chairman of the particular Committee for Grievances, acquainted the House; together with the Resolutions of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Refotution of the House, of the 4th Day of May 1780, " That it is " highly Criminal, and a Breach of the Privilege of " this House, for any Person whatever to make any " Alterations in Papers or Accounts presented to this " House, without the special Order of the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made,' and the Question was proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee to whom the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, upon the 4th Day of this Instant May, was referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

04 Question,

827

Reprrfenta lion in Parliament.

Answer to Address.

Militia.

26 Geo. III. 18° — 190 Mail

Question, by-leaving out the Words " the same Committee to whom the Matter of the Complaint made " to the House, upon the 4th Day of this Instant May,

" was referred," and inserting the Words " a Committee " of the whole House," instead thereof;

And the Question being 'put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TenOTforU*y^^"~ } 79-

Tellers for the Noc9,| Brawn:} ®1-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " a " Committee of the whole House," be inserted instead thereof;

It was refblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

n. I r *u v X The Lord )

Tellers for the Yeas,| M(. Yeung: /

Tellers for the Noes, { } 76.

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 30th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Report.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That when the House shall make an Order for Knights of Shires, or other Members, to prepare Lists of Names to be inserted in any Bill for appointing Commissioners to execute any Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid by a Land Tax, the said Lifts be delivered in by fitch Knights of Shires, or other Members, signed by themselves, at the Committee to which such Bill shall be committed, and at no other Time or Place whatsoever;

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the present State of the Representation of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle, forth.yeas,{£ } 64.

Tellers for he Noes,{ ^j^Ersk,*: } «

So it passed in the Negative.

The Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

Vol. 41.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea»,{ . } 45-

Teller, for the Noes,{ Berta . } 78.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House refblved itself into a Committe of the Charge* whole House, to consider further of the several Articles.

of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against MrJiasting*. Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St.John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had examined unother Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persons to to attend the said Committee this Day (except Major attend* Gilpin) do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 19* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii III,a Regis, 1786.

Praters.

The House was moved, That the Order, made islandsofSt.

upon Monday last, " That Leave be given to bring Euftatius,

in a Bill to empower certain Persons, to be therein " named, to call to a speedy Account all Agents, and " others, who shall appear to have received, or be subject to account for, any of the Property captured by " His Majesty’s Forces at or off the Island of Saint " Bust alius , and its Dependencies, in the Month of " February 1781," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize,

Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Iflaods of Saint Emta Saint , and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whole Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may re-lpeftively hold, and lurther to distribute the same,

according

Berwick St. John, &c. Inclosure,

Jamaica Intercourse with America.

828 19 'Mail.^.1786.

according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His laid Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Let-xtxtrd Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781: And that Sir George Howard, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Beauchamp, and Captain do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint John, in die County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, That, since the luid Report was made, the Proprietors of 347 Acres of the said Open Fields had contented that One of the Commissioners named in the Bill should be changed, that the Proprietors of 11 Acres of the said Open Fields could not be met with, and, that the Proprietors of the remaining 30 Acres of the said Open Fields were not applied to for such Consent, there not having been sufficient Time for that Purpose;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Efiquire, Agent for Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath received Instructions from the Committee of Correspondence, signifying, that it is the With of the Assembly that he should renew his Application to both Houses of Parliament, in respect to the Necessity of a partial Intercourse with the American States in American Bottoms, and atfo in respect to the high Duties upon Sugar and Rum, and the pre-' lent burthensome Mode of collecting the Duty on Sugar; and that the Petitioner hath it in Charge to represent, that the Condition of the Planters is now even more deplorable than it was in the last Year; they complain that, by Reason of the Restrictions laid upon their Trade with the American States, a Monopoly is carried on in Lumber and Flour, by a few Houses in the Island, who, having those Articles exclusively in their Hands, are enabled not only to fix what Prices they please upon them, but to regulate those Prices by their Calamities: Nor does the Measure of their Sufferings, under this restricted Trade, end here; the Prices paid for American Produce might, perhaps, be submitted to, if this Produce could be procured by the same Means which a more extended Trade with America, under proper Regulations, would undoubtedly furnish, that is, if they could, as they used to do, barter the Produce of one Country in Exchange for the Produce of the other, and thus fe-eure the old and uever-failing Market for their Rum; but, as the same now ltands, they have very little Vent for Rum in the Island, and, if shipped for Great Britain, R is sometimes sold at a depreciated Value, and sometimes at a Rate that leaves the Planter a Loler by his Importation; and, this Obstruction to the disposing of their Rum has been productive of another bad Consequence, which cannot have occurred to Government, but is very prejudicial to the Interests and Credit of the Island, for as the Planter has been used to trust to the Disposal of his Rum for the Payment of his Taxes,

and, indeed, to have it taken sometimes by the Collecting Constables in Payment of them,- the Loss of this easy Market for it has stopt the Resources of many Properties, and if it has not rendered the Collection of the Taxes impracticable, it has done what is next to doing lb, it has made it impossible for the Collecting Constables, in some Parishes, to col left them, without practising such Severities as must be fatal to the Planter; and that the Committee of Correspondence farther represents, that the Planters have been greatly alarmed at the Delay in carrying into Execution the Act of the Twenty-fourth of George the Third, Cap. 46. S. 33; and they attribute the low Price of their Rums at the British Market, in a great Measure, to the Apprehen-fions of the Dealers, left the great Quantities of seized and condemned Spirits should be brought to Market, instead of being staved and destroyed as directed by that Act; and that the Petitioner hath it further in Charge to pray for a farther Reduction of the Duties upon Rum, as it is impossible that Rum can meet the British Spirits at any Market, under the present Inequality of Duties, and, that the Discontinuance of the Duties upon Rum and Spirits from the West Indies, by the Act of the Twenty-fourth of George the Third, Cap. 46, may be re-enacted for a further limited Time. And that the Petitioner hath it further in Charge, to beseech the House to take into Consideration the heavy Duty on Sugar: It hath been suggested, that the Consumers pay all the Taxes, but it hath been found no eaiy Matter to persuade the Planter, that Fifty-six Shillings (more than used to lie) taken out of the Net Proceeds of every Hogshead of his Sugar, leaves the Net Proceeds neither more nor leis than they were before, and, even if he could be so perl'uaded, there remains not a Doubt of the Maxim, that high Duties upon any Commodity tend to lessen the Consumption, which the Revenue may one Day feel, as well as the Planter, who is at this Moment exerting, and with proper Encouragement will continue to exert, every Nerve to increase the Quantity; and that the Petitioner hath it further in Charge, to pray that Permission may be granted for the Bonding of the Duties on Sugar, in the same Manner that the Duties on Rum are now bonded, otherwise the Burthen of prompt Payment will, in the End, infallibly fall upon the Planter:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet, and that the Petitioner may be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shiptoe*. for veiling the Estate late of John Shipton, Esquire, de-cealed, in the ’County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil $ and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Basset, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Howard presented to the House, accord- Iflnn<kofSt. ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in Trustees all the E"t,auu-C* Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and c* Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof,

or

0,6 Geo. III. 19° Mail

or lb much of the said Specie, bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Eftefts, and Property, as was not re-captured by tile Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Projierty now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the same according to the written Infer uft ions of His Aloft Gracious Majesty, add refled to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March. 1781: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 'Tuesday Morning next

Coals uftd in I- ot Antle-

Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others. Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for encouraging the Working of Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey, a Draw back be allowed of all Duties on l'uch Coals as shall be used for finelting Cop|>er and Lead Ores, and for working Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the said Isle.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Party and Sir Francis Basset do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kid welly, Ac Koiui*.

Heage, See. Road.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from in the said

County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said. County; witbQut any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, repairing, apd widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf, in the same County, and allb a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chester'field, in the County of Derby, to , in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, (b far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop’, without any Amendment:

And also,

Little The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Smeaion,&c. Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, ncount. stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Von. 41.

Chtfterfield

Hoads.

Grounds, in the Townships of Little and Stubbs

Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York’, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to WafcyV resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Estate. Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey, Esquire, and Elizabeth Honuria, his Wife; to which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 'ViUiamfon’i vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Eftale-Samuel Williamson, a Lunatic) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Trnfiees, to be sold with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ld.Stour-enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord *c* Slourlon, and the Right honourable Mary Lady - tate*‘ ton, his W ite, the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the lame, and allb to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and ot their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Barking applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given by the vicarage Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or re- Ho * building the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Aud also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Imprison-for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the of imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors D«btor*-who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjourathe House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning n,ent*

Rcsohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Thread ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole Mmw&anw. House, to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture.

>° B An

boome

Ld. Stour-ton's, &c, Eftatr.

Waftys

ElUte.

830 190 Mail. A. 1786.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady,

his Wife, the Right honourable Lord Clifford,

and the Right honourable ALady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and l’ubject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey, Esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his Wife, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Light to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, House*. to consider of erecting certain Light Houses, for improving the Navigation of the Northern Seas of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rafumed the Chair.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant Old Work* to their Address to His Majesty, at f>"rtf'

An Estimate of the Expence of completing and im- 1,1 proving the Old Works at Portsmouth and Plymouth.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

As ESTIMATE of the Expence of completing and improving the Old Works at Portsmouth

and Plymouth.

At PORTSMOUTH: For necessary Repairs to complete and improve the Old Works round the Town - -- -For D* at Blockhouse Fort - - - - -For <D* at Lump’s Battery ---- For D* at Eastney Battery ---- For D* at the Lines at Gosport, Weavill, and Pri^dy’s Hard For improving and completing Cumberland Fort For completing the Works round the Common - - Fqr completing Fort Monckton ----- For re-building and completing South Sea Cattle ..... Total Eftiipate. Of which proposed to be expended in 1786.

£. s. d. 0,715 13 9 LC54 19 — L97i 19 7 3,232 — 7 8,248 3 — 34,449 16 7 26,929 17 — 32,457 12 31 10,080 8 — £. s. d. 5.000 1,054 19 — i,97i 19 7 3,232 — 7 5.000 10.000 10.000 — — 10.000 5.000

129,140 9 lOi 51,258 19 2

At PLYMOUTH: For necessary Repairs at the Lines - - - - -. -For D* at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Iftsnd, and the several Retteries at the Entrance of Hamoze - - - - -For improving and completing Two Redoubts on the Heights of Maker £ RECAPITULATION: Total at Portsmouth ---- Total at Plymouth 694 1 9 2,079 13 8i 5,748 12 — 694 1 9 2,079 13 8* 5,748 12 —

8,522 7 5F 8,522 7 5*

129,140 9 10f 8,522 7 5i 51,258 19 2 8,522 7 5J-

137,662 17 4 59,/8i 6 7*

IV. Howe.

Richmond, &c.

Matter General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

James Luttrell. , G- Crayjbrd, J. Aldridge.

Ordered,

26 Geo. III. i f Mat831

Ordered That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate be printed, as shall be Sufficient for the Use of the Aleinbers of the House.

Pildiard Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Jiihery. ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of theml'elves and other Adventurers interested therein, was referred.

Malls, tec. M r. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing urthe Navy, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all such Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, as have been purchased for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, between the ift of January 1782 and the ift of January 1786.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Greenland The House, according to Older, resolved itself into a Whale Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Fishery. further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday , Morning next.

CMfencta Mr. Houghton Rouse, according to Order, reported

committed in from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the E. Indies. j}j|| for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies’, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " for the better Regulation and Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British " Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of " Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of " Persons accused of Offences committed in the East " Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Eftatos and Effecte for rendering the Law's more effectual against Persons unlawfully referring to the East Indies, and for the more easy Proof in certain Cafes of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or Itidie, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And die House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Vox.. 41.

The House accordingly resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bough ton Rouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bough ton Rouse reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom St. Marrga-the Bill for making an additional Rate upon the In- West-habitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint m,° er* John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, to defray the Expence of a proper Patrol within the said Parishes, w-as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid Assessments before this House in the next Session of Parliament, 0,1 ^"°PS-an Account of the Amount of the Assessments made on all Shops by an Act of the 25th of His present Majesty, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas next; distinguistring how much of the said Assessments have been made for each County, and for each City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in such County, and bow much for each Market Town, not being a City, Borough, or Town Corporate in each County, and what is the highest Sum assessed for ally Shop in such Market Towns, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Imprtf* count of the Expence of the Imptefs Service during the Service, last War; distirtguishing each Year, and also, difrinouiih-ing the E*pence at each of the Sea Ports, and the Number of Men procured Annually from each; also the Expence of transporting the Men to the Ships they were employed to man, and of maintaining them till that Time, and the Number of Officers and Seamen employed in the Impress Service, and Amount of their Pay and other Allowances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, tin Bountie* for Account of the Bounties paid during the lift War in Sea Service-consequence of the several Proclamations fof encoti-' raging Men to enter into His Majesty’s Sea Service;-distinguistring each Year, and the Plices where they entered and received the said Bounties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Imprelfod Account of the Number of Men who died after they Men were impressed, and before they were put on Board <,ied' the Ships in which they were intended to serve; distinguishing each Year, and the Places where they died, from the Beginning to the End of the last War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Desertion*. Account of the Number of Men who deserted from His Majesty’s Sea Service during the last War; distinguistring each Year, and the Ships, and Stations of such Ships, from which they so deserted.

Ordered,

832 i o 0 Mail. . 1785.

Proteaions Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an v> Seamen. Account of the Number of Protections granted to Seamen, or Seafaring Men, against being impressed, during the last War; distinguishing each Year, and the Fees paid for such Protections.

Hair Powder. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging a Duty on Hair Powder, in Proportion to the Weight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be notv read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum necessary for the Purchase of certain Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum necessary for the Purchase of the Soil of The Bahama Islands, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty s Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the other Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire. at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the other Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to th* Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convifcts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of con-' fining, maintaining, and employing Convicts, for One Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Allowances to be made, for One Year, for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for j'*f*’e<luer railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Dittos Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Ixtans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Perfumery, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, HauPowitr, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain c*

Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken . out by Persons uttering or vending the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties o» resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Tobacco, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

03 A Motion

26 Geo. III. 19° — 220 Mail. 833

American A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

Lojralift*. That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names

and Claims of the American Loyalists.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Charge* The other Order of the Day being read;

tf*!? The House relblved itself into a Committee of the

r. ungs. wjj0je House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wyndham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wyndham reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrel’s in the Matter to them referred, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Perfoot to Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Attend. to attend the said Committee, this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

x

Luna, 22* die Mail.

Anno 26° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

Royal Assent A M E S S A G E by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uftier of to Bills. jrV, the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl Bathurst, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-six."

An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Law s now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries

Vol. 41.

carried on at Netcfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions.

An Act for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately-annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of Staff ord, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, £anes, and other public Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Roniford, in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essea'.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malt on Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Mallon, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between H in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of The Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashjbrd, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Holhfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Holden to in the

Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham " Hedge Comer, and several other Roads in the County " of Lincoln therein mentioned," and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrcrwby Bar and Btgby Bar, in the said Town; and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor.

to C An

Royal A (Tent tu Bilk.

834

11* Mali.

A. 178

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from God-stone, in the County of Surrey, to in the Parish

of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband?s Boand Great

to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Brimington " and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over

" the High Moors, to the several Places* therein " mentioned."

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llan-dilo, in the said County, lb far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

An Act for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through,

to Tibshelf, in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far a4 the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Francis Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to die Rectory of Saint Mary Week, other wise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of Wilshamstead, otherwise Wtl-stead, in the County of Bedford.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Henry William ArundeU Viscount Gallway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be fetded to the same Uses.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin Barlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in die Township of Ather-stone, in the County of Warwick.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields and other Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Raoeley, in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the

Parishes of Sinnington with Marlon and Edslone, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, in the County of Salop.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Little Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Sme»ton,&c. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open ^0 ure* Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; vis.

Pr. 34. I. 21. After "aforesaid" insert "all which " said Allotments, in lieu of such " Tythes, both Great and Small,

" and Ecclesiastical Dues (Surplice Fees and Mortuaries only " excepted) shall by the said " Commissioners, or any Two of " them, be appointed and set out " between the Impropriator and " Vicar respectively as aforesaid,

" in proportion and according " to their respective Interests " in such Tythes and Ecclesiastical Dues."

Pr. 35. 1. 19. After " aforesaid " insert " all which " said Allotments, in lieu of such " Tythes, both Great and Small,

" and Ecclesiastical Dues (Surplice Fees and Mortuaries only " excepted) shall by the said " Commissioners, or any Two of " them, be appointed and set out " between the Impropriator and " Vicar respectively as aforesaid,

" in proportion and according " to their respective Interests " in such Tythes and Ecclesiastical Dues."

Pr. 50. 1. 35. After " whatsoever " insert " Provided always, That no such " Exchange or Exchanges shall " be made by the said Vicar or " his Successors, without the Consent and Approbation of the " Lord Archbishop of York for " the Time being, by any Writing " or Writings under his Hand " and Seal."

Pr. 68. 1. 25. After " Life" insert " other than and " except the said Vicar and his " Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Corn and Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering Grain-more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called

England:

2b Geo. III. 22° Maii. 835

England:And the same was received* and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Berwick An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Jit. John, Sec.and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and lnckilbre. Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Can-wick Mr. Fenton Camthorne reported from the Committee, lodofort. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cauwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating aq Open Common called or The South

Common, adjoining thereto, and for extinguishing certain Bights of Common in and upon the fame, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and for making Compenfa- tions in lieu thereof, respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the "25th of 1774,

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by jthe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroired.

Huddersfield Mr. W1eddell reported from the Committee, to whom Inclulurt. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that tire Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rolled Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACfc

for velting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to

Vot.. 41.

the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Elutes vested in Trustees for Sale, was committed; T1 at the Committee had examined the Aliegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had gi ven their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee ha I directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, thutthis House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- Carlille Road. mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, as is within the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom Folldtone, the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery o! Smad *c 1Snwll Debts within the Town and Port oi Futk-sfc-.-j, and the * Parishes of Folkstone, Cherriton, Nnext Hit he,

Stanford, Positing, Lyminge, F Padiucsicorth,

Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Kirkwall, upon Monday last, for taking into Consideration, up- *c.EleOioa. on Thursday next, the Petition of Sir James Riddell, of Ardnamurchan, Baronet, complaining of the last Election and Return for the DHtrift of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be difeb&rged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, the lft Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Home, ac- Hemp and cording to Order, a Bill to coutinue, and render Flax* more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-nnc

Year

836 22° Mali. A. 178

Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act,

" made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom;

" and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the " raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to " the distributing and paying the Proportion of the " Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of " the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of " the Arrears and Duties to the Purposes aforesaid, for " a Time limited;" and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coal* used in Mr. Parry presented to the House, according to Isle of Angle- Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback on the Duties *ey‘ upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and

in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BaTingAoke Mr. Jercoise reported from the Committee, to whom ncoure. tjje Bin for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Common ble Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosurg, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 230 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of about 654 Acres, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also except the Proprietors of about 160 Acres, who had been written to, but returned noAnswer; and also except the Proprietors of about 50 Acres, who had given no decisive Answer; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed consists of 3,871 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and piade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lymington A Bill to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of an Hoad*. Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

voise, Mr. Minchin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tonbridge An ingrossed Bi'l for enlarging the Term and

Hoads. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wats Cross to Coicden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Ton-bridge to Maidstone, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and, from Wats Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Public for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act imprison-for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors ment by imprisoned by procefe from Courts instituted for the Court-; of Recovery of final 1 Debts; for abolishing the Fees of Coucitnce-Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners; with feme Amendments; to which' Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge,

Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An williamfooi Act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the set- Eftau. tied Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatic) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Duties« Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Sweets. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties paid at the Excise Office for Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew’.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Portugal Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he Wines was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, *mP»>rled-pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Portugal Wines imported into England, for Fifty Years last past; distinguishing the 07 Quantities

Iflinds of St.

Eul'tdtius,

kc.

Da tits OO Wines.

26 Geo. III. 22° M 837

Quantities imported in each Year from Portugal and

Madeira, respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

" next, and inserting the Words " Wednesday Seven* " night" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Friday " Morning next ’ stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next

A Petition of William Pagett and Paul Maylor, Agents appointed on Behalf of the Officers and Seamen of Mis Majesty’s Fleet, concerned in the Capture of the llland of Saint Eustatius and its Dejiendencies^ was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House, for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the said Istand, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, in regard such a Bill, if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be injurious to the Interests of the said Officers and Seamen entitled to a Distributive Share of the said Property, and who have not, in any Manner, assented to the bringing in of such Bill, the Petitioners, as Agents for and on the Behalf of the said Officers and Seamen, therefore pray. That they maybe heard, by their Counlei, at the Bar of the House,' against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arile, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandise, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon, the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to d&nbute the same according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of , 1781,

be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at the same Time, io Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the Second Beading of the said Bill Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, 7'hat the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning

Vol. 41.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply; < Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thou land Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for purchasing certain Lauds in the llland of Saint Vincent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for completing the Punchafe of the Soil of The Bahama Islands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-two thousand and Fifty-nine Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attach* ment to his Majesty s Government

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seveu hundred and Fifty Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sura which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for Fees ’paid a* the Exchequer, on the Receipt of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of American Loyalists.

llesotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for the Passage and Expences of Thomas Dundas and Jeremy,

Esquires, Commissioners of American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other Part of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and also for the Expences of Secretary and Clerks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand and Sixty-one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of llis Majesty’s Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, Thomas Carlton, Esquire, Governor of New Brunswick, Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Lieu-

tenant Governor of Cape Breton, and for defraying Expences on Account of Convicts on Board The Firm at Portsmouth, and The Dunkirk at Plymouth, and for several other Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Tw’enty-one thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds, Five Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty s Orders, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convifcts on the River Thames.

1 o D

838 22° Mail 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid be laid this House, a List of the Names of the several Persons to whom the said Sum of 62,0,59/. 5 s.has been issued, with the Sums paid to each Person.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Hair Powder. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of charging a Duty on Hair Powder, in Proportion to the Weight, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which iie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the; Clerk’s Table: Where the fame-was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for and upon every Packet, or other Inclosure, containing any Hair Powder, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, the Price whereof shall not exceed Two Shillings'for the Pound Weight, there shall be charged for each and every Pound Weight thereof, or any left Quantity than a Pound Weight, a Stamp Duty of One Penny.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for, he Ve.,{^"- 24.

Teilers for the Noes, j j£’Elil>l. }"9-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Smuggling. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines " and Spirits, for Home Consumption, and for granting " and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making " and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all " Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties " of Excise within the Lands of in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing for a limited Time " certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits " imported from The West ," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention of " Smuggling in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the lit Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the destroying or otherwise disposing of Spirits and Goods seized and condemned under the said Acts.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Hawkers and Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Pillars.

" to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the Operation of lb much of the said Act as prohibits the said Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen from vending their Goods in any County, in case the Justices of the General Quarter Sessions should have made an Order to the contrary;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeaa,| Jame^Erskine: } 3«-

Tellers for the Noes,{ ^?r 'Id^dA}

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Boughton Rouse, according to Order, reported Offences

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the c°mu*d m Bill for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons 1 e ' '*’

accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies', for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and " Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-(c pany, and of the British Possessions in India, and for " establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy " and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences " committed in The East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to The East Indies, and for the more easy Proof in certain Cafes of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bristol Bridge Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to amend, and render and Street*, more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King G the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said

River,

i6 Geo. III. 220 Mail

River, within the said City, if tiecessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Citizens and Inhabitants of, and Traders to, the City of Bristol, w as also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to shew that the passing of the said Bill would' be attended with great Detriment to the Inhabitants of Saint Thomas's Street, in turning the Road to the Bridge through the Street proposed to be made by the Bill:

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Bill, as no Allegation to that Efteft was contained in the Petition againtVthe Bill.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard in Artfwer to the said Objection;

The^ Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. And* a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be again called in; and that the Counsel for the Petitioners be directed to proceed in his Evidence, as he has proposed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that when the Houses shall be taken down in Tucket's Street, the Ground shall be vested in the Trustees.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Battens and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Dealt. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain-, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

LightHouses. The Order, of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of erecting certain Light Houses, for improving the Navigation of the Northern Seas of Great Britain;

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do make the said Report. Mr. Dempster accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Vol. 41.

Tabic: Where the same were read; and are as fol-lorweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That it would conduce greatly to the Security of Navigation, and the Fisheries, if Four Light Houses were erected in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, One at

Kennaird's Head, in the County of Aberdeen, One on the If) and of North Ranelsha, in the Orkneys, One on the Point ol Scalp, in the 111 and of Herries, and a Fourth on the Mull of Kintyre.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Purposes of erecting and maintaining the said Four Light Houses, a Duty, not exceeding One Penny per Ton, be imposed on all Ships and Decked Vessels navigating the said Seas.

The said Resolutions being fevernlly read a Second Tinrfe, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Dempster, the Lord Advocate: of Scotland, and Sir Adam Fergusson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Pilchard resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Flll, try’ consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and other Adventurers interested therein, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Perfumery, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Hair Powder, the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties &c‘ on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, jefolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Charges whole House, to consider further of the several Articles against of Charge of High Grimes and Misdemeanors against Mr. Halting*, Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered,

o

Persons to attend*

CarliHe

Election,

Members

fununoned.

840

22° — 2 3 ° Mail.

A. 1786.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 23* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii III'" Regis, 1786.

Pa

A Y E II S.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Christian, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an uiylue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-one Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on -both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And die Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Name of John Hunter, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Mr. Alderman Townsend being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the’ Right honourable Charles James Fox being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. — That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Nineteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were abfeot from the House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they

had before verified upon Oath; One, on Account of his being a Member against whole Return a Petition was depending; and Sixteen, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry to the Lords the Bristol Bridge ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Street*. Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways, and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built, to Temple Street, in the said City, and desire the Concurrrence of their Ijordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for making an additional Rate upon St Margaret, the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Wet'uninUer. Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of to defray the Expence of a proper Patrol within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p&fs: And that the Tide be, An Act for raising a competent Stan of Money, to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen,

Patrols, and Beadles, within the Parishes of Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Fax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Stnor-for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady Stourton,

Ins Wife, the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Appoionia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Bittler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at

Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money, for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates, in the Counties of York and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Webb,

Sir Henry Hoghton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Tozvnshend reported from the Committee, to Newport, whom the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, light- I-ofW'iM ing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, treets‘ and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle off Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Benjamin Smith, Esquire, an Inhabitant and Freeholder of the Borough of Newport,' in the Isle of Wight, on Behalf of himself and several other Inhabitants and Freeholders of the said Borough, was referred; That the Committee had heard Evidence in Support of the said Petition; and had examined

Chd worth liiclufure.

Hemp and I lax.

26 Geo. III.

23° ilfeii.

841

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of Crook Godby, on Behalf of himself and several others, Owners of Lands lying in the Manors and Tythings of Great and Little in the

Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampsons, in the County of

Wilts, and also, Occupiers of Lands and Houses in the said Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson's, and in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Marys, in the said County’, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for inclosing certain C)pen Common Fields, several Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Piece of Common, within the Manors and Ty things of Great and Little Chelzeorth, or One of them, in the said Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson's, in the County of Wilts; and Alledging, That the Petitioner is entitled to a Part of the said Common Fields, Pieces of Meadow, and Pasture Land, and is also an Owner and Occupier of a House and Land within the said Tythings, and, as such, entitled to a Right of Common over Part of the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that there are Clauses in the said Bill highly prejudical to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner and others interested in the said Lands: And therefore praying, That the House will not permit the said Bill to pass into a Law with such Clauses as affect his Right and interest; and that he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and

Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts, is Committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual " so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a " Fund established by an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign " Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing " a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and drdfing " of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the distributing and " paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated " for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and " Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, " by applying a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand " Pounds per Annum, out of the Arrears and Duties, " to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited," was read a Second Time.

Vo l. 41.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the C!><bMarine Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Brazen, Society. Dean of Guild, of the City of Glasgazc, and of James Dunlop, James Dermiston, Junior, Alexander Oszeald,

William French, James Sommerville, John Laurie, William Dunlop, John Douglas, John Paterson, Andrew Sym,

John Riddell, Robert Mackay, and Henry Ritchie, for themselves as Individuals, and also as Members, Managers, and Directors of a Society in Glasgow, known by the Name of The Glasgow Marine Society, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Mackay, Esquire, being examined, said. That in May 1758, a Society was instituted, under certain Regulations, for the Relief of decayed or disabled Seamen, their Widows and Children, belonging to the Ships of Glasgow; the Members of which Society not only subscribed considerable Sums, but also obliged themselves, that the Matters and Mariners of their Ships should pay to the Collector of the Society, Rates out of their Wages, for the Purposes of the Charity. — And being further examined, he said, That in February 1762 this Society was united with another of a similar Nature at Greenock, by certain Articles of Union, whereby the same Rates are payable from the Matters and Men employed in Ships belonging to the Port of Greenock, or Craze ford's Dyke as were chargeable, by the Articles of the Glasgow Society, on the Wages of Ship Matters and

Seamen of Glasgow. — And he further laid. That most of the considerable Merchants of Glasgow, Greenock, Port Glasgow, and Crazejord's Dyke, have now' become Mem-

bers of the Society with the Petitioners. — And being further examined, he said, That in consequence of this Institution, Pensions have been settled upon decayed or disabled Seamen, and their Widows and Children, and considerable Sums have likewise been paid for their Relief occasionally, when in Distress; and, on the Whole, very beneficial Consequences have resulted from this Institution; and that the Advantages would be much more considerable, if the Society was made a Body Corporate and Politic, under proper Regulations, respecting the Choice of Officers, and the Management of its Funds, and if Power was legally given to levy Irom the Owners of Ships belonging to the Ports of Port Glasgoze,

Greenock, and Craziford’s Dyke, certain small Rates upon the Wages of their ShipMasters and Seamen, to be applied not only for the Relief of disabled and decayed Ship Matters and Mariners, and their Widows and Children, but also for the fitting out and cloathing of Boys to be lent on board the Ships of those Ports, which would be a National Benefit, by in Time supplying the King’s and Merchants Ships with good Seamen, and would also assist the iuward Police of the Country, in providing for the idle, and consequently most dangerous Alembers of Society.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Ship Matters and others for that Purpose: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

10 E An

Wosry’s

Eilat*.

Criminals in Scotland.

Kirkwall, &c. Election.

Redadion of

National

Debt.

Sopply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

84a 2 3° Mail. A. 1786.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in the County of , to the Uses,

and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey, Esquire, and ElizabethaHonoria, his Wife, was read p Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hartford Harbord, Sir Edward A &c.: And they arc

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for establishing a regular Method of afiefling the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to defray the Expence of prosecuting Criminals, and of managing the Fund thence arising, and regulating the Nomination of Sher-riffs and Stewards Depute there, :be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving put the Word " nqw," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon " this Day Three Months.*

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Sir James Riddell, of Ardnamurchan, Baronet, who has petitioned this

House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said Sir James Riddell, Baronet, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That the Considerajtion of the said Motion be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

A Message from die Lords, by Mr. Pepys, and Mr, Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will communicate to their Lordships the Information relating to the State of the Public Income and Expenditure on which they proceeded in passing the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the Rod of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will lend an Answer to the said Message by Mefiepgers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Mefl'engers again withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Message into Consideration.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sun of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title 02

be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Ope thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Supply Bill; ,by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Exchequer Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raifuig a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, Tha't Leave be given to bring in a Bill 1’oor for obliging the Overseers of the Poor in the several Belu,n3* Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions, to be specified in the Bill, relative to the State of tire Poor, and Expences on their Account for each of the last Three Years: And that Mr. Main-waring, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That, before any Petition is presented to standing this House, for erecting a Bridge, or for the Renewal Orders ie-or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Par- n liament be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for every and each County, or District, to which such Bridge extends, or is intended to extend, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That this Notice be given, by affixing to the Door of the Sessions House where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing the Parishes to which the said Bridge extends, or is intended to extend, and that such Notice be also printed in feme one Newspaper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed for that County, then in the Newspaper of feme near or adjoining County, Three Times at least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That, when any Petition for a Bridge, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, hath been presented to the House, the Committee, to whom the said Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the Two former Resolutions have been complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the Evidence upon such Examination to the House, on the Report of the Petition.

Ordered, That the said Refelu Uops be made Standing Orders of this House.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being c»r!i«le again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- Election. tend the said Select Committee delivered in to dip House one of the said Lilts, which had been Itruck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lilt of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Mr. Alderman Townsend and the' Right honourable Charles James Fox being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Sir John Morshead, Baronet, Sir Charles Davers, Baronet, Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet, Thomas Lister,

Esquire, John Bullock, Esquire, John Pardve, Esquire,

William Middleton, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Monckton, George Fludyer, Esquire, JeCrulchjey,

Esquire,

so Geo. III. 13* M843

Esquire, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet,

Clarke Jervoise, Esquire, John Purling, Esquire, Mr. Alderman Townsend, the Right honourable Charles James Fo.v.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Selcft Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Christian, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the -City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the ul'ual Alanuer.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select ’Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chamtiers, appointed fqr bearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and*

Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

CHwaUar The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An l'mes. Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, An Act, passed in the Twenty-

third Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for authorising the Treasurtr of " the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed " to the Officers and Men on board any of His MajestyV Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of " War belonging to the Enemy;" without any Amendment: And also,

Duties mi The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waite on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle af Mm; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reigp of His present Majesty, intituled, f> An Act " for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manafasture of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy " Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quan- Sty of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this Session, to be transiported to the said IUand," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Jsle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever; without any Amendment: And also,

Westonupon The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An loclorure. Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

Blackhisn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bridge. Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages puffing on a Sunday over Bridge, and for

applying the Money to arise thereby towards increas-ing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridgewithout any Amendment: And also,

Aftieton's, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ac. Estate. effecting an Exchange between Rebecca Asheton, Widow, and the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain fiuall Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I Joule: And also,

Vol. .41,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intitiiled, An Act for Lord rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlcmcnnt of l ord C-nni-lfordVi and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision L‘

for the youger Children of the said Marriage; to which L cmeu the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Lanier's enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agree- ^ltat* nient made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Damer, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow,) to insert in the

Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the find Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for parry* veiling Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry, Estate*, Esqtiire, in the County of Denbigh, in Wales, in

'lruftees, to be‘fold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in dil'charging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for nicM* veiling Part of the settled Estates of Rich, Gentle- Eftew*, man, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying

the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for reftilying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Camelford’s Lord and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage, was read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for parry*« vefling Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry, Estates, Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies a iling by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, was read the First Time,

Resolved, That thfe Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Damer* to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles ef Estates. Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Damer, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow) to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Extifo count of the Nuaiber of Officers, under the -Management t,flicer5r of the Excise, discharged for Milconduft, for the last Seven Years; distinguishing the Number discharged in each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Perfumery, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, llairl’owdeiy upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain &c'

Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other

Articles

A. 1786

130 — -24° Mali.

Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Elections — The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

Voten further Consideration the Report from the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better feenring the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, the ill Day of June next.

Thread

Manufacture.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Deals, S a, d The Order of the Day being read, for the House to e *' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Pilchard

Fishery.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and other Adventurers interested therein, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Charges Resolved, That this House will, to Morrow Mom-

JJ*1'® ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole r. a mgs. j|ou^ to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Persons to Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered attend, to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Mail;

Anno 26* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

ABIL L for explaining, amending, and rendering Com and more effectual, An Act, passed in the Twenty-first Grain. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ston, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more ealy and speedy Reco- Foikeftnne, very of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folke-stone, and the Parishes of FolkestoneCheriton, c "*

ton next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and , in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, worth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hax, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing tire Huddersfield Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of inclosure* Huddersfield, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing and Carlisle keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the City Road, of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, as is within the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the Town of Neio-castle upon Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as is within the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Whichcot’s Thomson: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Whichcot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aflieton’., for effecting an exchange between Rebecca Asheton, &c. Eilaies. Widow, and the Right honourable James Earl of

Salisbury,

26 Geo. III.

TiJchard

Injury.

Canwick

latloliire.

24° Maii-

845

Salisbury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Persons concerned in the Pilchard Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and other Adventurers interested therein, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity thereof, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, between the 25th Day of June 1786, and the 25th Day of June1791, upon which the Person or Persons exporting the same shall be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings, by virtue of, or under, Two fevered former Acts, an additional Bounty of Two Shillings shall be paid.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir William Lemon, Sir William Molesuorth, Mr. Rashleigh, and Mr. Young, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating an Open Common, called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto, and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the fame, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That the Commissioners shall direct where the Buildings for the Vicar shall be erected, and for paying the Expence of such Buildings.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 73. 1. 8. At the End of the Line, to add " Barns, Stables, and other."

1. 30. At the End of the Line, to add " and he and they is and are " hereby authorized and required, by and with the Consent " and Approbation of the Lord " Bishop of Lincoln for the Time " being."

1. 38. At the End of the Line, to add " Five hundred Pounds, or left " than."

Pr. 74. 1. I. To leave out " Commissioners," and insert " Lord Bishop" instead thereof.

1. 4. After " aforesaid," to insert such " Buildings to be erected and " completed within the Space " of Eighteen Calendar Months " from the Date of the Mort-

Vol. 41.

1. 14.

1. 18.

1. 20.

1. 21. 1. 25. 1. 26.

1. 31-Pr. 75- L 5-

" gage or Demise herein after mentioned, and Plans and Estimates of such Buildings being " first laid before, and approved " by, the said Lord Bishop."

To leave out " so that the fame," and insert " such" instead thereof.

To leave out from " Commissioners" to the End of Line 19.

To leave out " with," and insert " also to contain" instead thereof. To leave out " with."

To leave out " satisfied and."

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " also" in Line 27, and insert " satisfied and" instead thereof; and to leave out " contained a," and insert " to " contain One other" instead thereof.

After " being," to insert " and Lessees as aforesaid."

At the End of the Line to add " and Lessee or Lessees as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto, and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the fame, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenton do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Whichcot’* for vetting Part of the Estate of Thomas Whichcot, Estate. Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rich’* for vetting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich, EflatM* Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties off Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Southern Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery: And the same was received; and read 1 ry* the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Shipping further Consideration the Report from the Committee of a"*1 the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further In- Navi8ati,m-crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed, be now read.

10 F And

Barking

Vicarage

House.

N. Shields Waterworks.

Imprisonment by Courts of Conscience.

Imprisonment of Debtors,

24® Mail.

A. 1786.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A®, for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given by the Will of Do®or Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for better supplying with Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping referring to the Harbour of the said Town, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed. That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 5th Day of this. Instant May, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-rearing, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill intituled, An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as

followeth; viz. Pr. 3. 1. 3.

1. 37.

Leave out from " Fees" to " and, " Line 8.

Leave out " may it," and after " therefore," in the same Line, leave out to the Second " be" in Line

29.

1. 37. After " the" leave out Twenty-fourth," and insert " First."

1. 38. After " of" leave out " June," and insert " ."

1. 40. Leave out " or Persons whomsoever," and insert " whosoever.*’

Pr. 3. 1. 2. Leave out " have" and insert " has." 1. 17. After " the" and before the Word " Debt," insert " original."

Pr. 8. 1. 31. Leave out from " elsewhere" to the End of the Bill.

In the Tide of the Bill, Line 4, After " the" insert " Claim of."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respe® to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are

mentioned in the A®, to make Discovery’of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Electiop.* — to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Occa|,‘‘n* Upon the Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from voting Voter*" in the Ele®ion of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That-this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Duties o« a Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for Surch-preventing Frauds on the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Expiring a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving L*'*-further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the Allowance upon the Exportation of BnrisA-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufa®ure of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufa®ure, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directy to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the difeon-tinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease;' to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Athes,

Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effe®uaHy encouraging the Manufa®ures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Homp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majest'y’s Colonies in America: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoiod Time.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty *s Interest is The ^ink concerned in the Bill for paving, cleaning, lighting, Paving, 4c. and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and Places within the or Bishop of

Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Hamt,

Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Allay, lead ing from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Chuxch of Saint Saviour aforesaid, and also Foul Lane, leadi ng from tbq High Street in the said Borough, towai ris the said Parish Church and the public Market, and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Wilk to the Bank Side, in the said Liberty, which Bill was, upo n the 25th 07 Day

Duties on Starch.

Reduction of

National

Debt.

Offences

committed in th# E. Indies

26 Geo. III.

Day of April last;, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

847

Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully retorting to The East Itidies; and, for the more easy

Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

2 40 M

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds' on the said Duties, be printed, 'as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of she Day, for taking into Consideration the Message from the Lords of Yesterday, desiring this House to communicate to their Lordships the Information relating to the State of the Public Income and Expenditure on which they proceeded inpafiing the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the said Message was read.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordiliips, that the Commons have taken their Lordships Message of Yesterday, relating to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, into Consideration, but conceive that it has not been the Practice of Parliament for either House to desire of the other the Information on which they have proceeded in passing any Bill, except where such Information has related to Fasts stated in such Bill as the Ground and Foundation thereof; and that the Commons think this Reason sufficient for not giving, at this Time, any further Answer to their Lordships Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the said Message.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in " India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for " the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused " of Offences committed in The East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully referring to The East Indies-, and, for the more easy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, and of the British Possessions in India, " and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the " more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused <( of Offences committed in The East as requires

the Servants of the East Company to deliver

Vol. 41.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Militia. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Sevennight, the 2d Day of June next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tobacco-the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing " the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Thread resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacturs. consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Battens and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain-,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the charges whole House, to consider further of the several Articles against of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Mr. Hastings. Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor too); the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed

by

848 24° — 2 5° A. 1786.

by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Person* to Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered

attend. to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the ClydeMariu? House, according to Order, a Bill for incorporating the S«citty. Members of a Society, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their Charitable and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Ship Matters and others, for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Pilchard

Fishery.

Hemp and Flax.

Southern

Whale

Fishery.

Jervis, 25* die Mail;

Anno 26* Georgii III" Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

SIR William Lemon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole Hous^ upon the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual " l'o much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating " a Fund established by an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for " establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising u and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the " distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund " thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the " Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great tain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a " Time limited," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Ridley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Scotch House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Judge*. Majesty certain Duties cm Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Thread to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture. consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charteris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charteris reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charteris accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread.

And Mr. Charteris moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread:

And that Mr. Charteris and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords,- by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- E*ch«<}u<<r chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Ul *'

Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditto, for raising et further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for stanhope’*, vetting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope *« Etiate*. and John Shuttleworth, Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The

Marston

Biggott

Church.

Kir Elions —

Ocealional

Voter*.

Pay and Navy Office Land Tax.

26 Geo. III. 250 Mail. 849

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle, of Marston, in England, to pull down the present

Parish Church of Marstonotherwise Marston

Bygood, in the County of Som, and for building a new Parish Church there; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Owners of Estates and Inhabitant Householders within the Wards of Broad Street and Toner, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pay Office is situate within the Ward of Broad Street, and the Navy Office within the Ward of Touer, and the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers belonging thereto, have, ever since the Year 1693, been afi'efi'ed to the Land Tax for the said Wards respectively; and that the Petitioners have heard, that the said Offices are intended to be removed to, and held within, Somerset House, which is situatein the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, within the liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, and, if the said Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers, should not continue to be afieffed to the Land Tax for the said Wards of Broad Street and Tower, as heretofore, it will necessarily lay a very heavy and intolerable Burthen upon the Owners of Estates, and Inhabitant Householders within those Wards; and that the Petitioners were not informed, with sufficient Certainty, that the said Offices were intended to be removed to Somerset House so early as Midsummer next, until the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That, in Consideration of the above-mentioned Circumstances, and the extreme Hardship of the Cafe, they may now be permitted to present a Petition to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for afieffing the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers to the Land Tax for the said Wards of Broad Street and Tower, as heretofore, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Owners of Estates and Inhabitant Householders, within the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, in the City of London.

Then a Petition of the Owners of Estates and Inhabitant Householders, within the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for aftelfing Vox. 41.

the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, to the Land Tax for the said Wards of Broad Street and Tower as heretofore, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners,

Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place: And that Mr.

Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Charitable posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for procur- l^onatJoas-ing Returns from the Ministers, Churchwardens, Chapel-wardens, or other Persons to be described therein, of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of Poor Persons in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England;

The House was moved, That an A6fc, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for obliging the Overseers of the " Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within " that Part of Great Britain called England, to make " Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Act, relative to the State of their Poor;

" and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace,

" within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales,

" to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to " be tranlinitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said proposed Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of Poor Persons in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. BlaMr. Lister, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Augmented Lift of the Livings that have been augmented from lvin6* the First Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, specifying how much each pet Annum, and the respective Dates of such Augmentation.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an First Fruit# Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the First and Tenth#. Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, from the Time of the Grant made by Queen Anne to this Day, inclusive; dist each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Letters Copy of the Letters Patent granted by Queen Anne, Q^"tt0^Kl erecting a Corporation, and settling upon them the First First'Fruit# Fruits and Tenths for Augmentation of the Maintenance &c. '

of the Clergy.

Sir John Wirottesley reported from the Committee, to Newcastle whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an LJrne Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptzcich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the

10 G Trustees

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

East India Company's Capita).

850 'll* Mail. . 1786.

Trustees who have usually acted in respect of a Part of a Turnpike Road, called The Nantw or Second District,

and who are Trustees, with others who have usually acted for the Newcastle, or First District of the said Road, all of whom are Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the " Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of " Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from JVoor to " Chester, near the Town of in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and " Baltcrley, to Ghorsty Hill,"was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. [Mr. Edward James I

Tellers for the Yeas, < Eliot, [Mr Rose: [ 86.

Tellers for the Noes, /Mr. Charteris, [Mr. Hussey: } 36.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That since the Date of the Estimates presented to this House by the Directors of the said Company, in the Months of February and May 1784, many Circumstances have arisen to occasion material Variations therein, which could not at

03

that Time be foreseen; that, on the one Hand, the Sales of the Company have already greatly ex ceeded the Amount then calculated, and may probably be carried to a stili greater Extent; but, on the other Hand, this Extension of their Trade, and particularly of the Tea Trade, in Consequence of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and " for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof,

" and also several Duties on inhabited Houses, and upon " the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for " repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon," has necessarily obliged the Petitioners to advance large additional Sums of Money, and, in order to carry into full Effect the salutary Objects of the said Act, and to secure to the Company the full Benefits which may be expected therefrom, an additional Capital must necessarily be employed to a large Amount; and that the Petitioners being also liable, in Consequence of the outstanding Expences of the War in India, to the Payment of additional Bills to a large Amount, beyond their former Estimates, will be unable to inveit so large a Capital as is necessary, from the Causes above mentioned, without the Aid of Parliament, to enable them to make Use of their Credit in providing such Sums of Money as may be necessary for this Purpose; and that the Petitioners were not able to present a Petition to the House so loon as the Day limited by the Resolution of the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying for Leave to present a Petition to the House, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon as to them shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " in Consideration " of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said " Petition."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question

It wras resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Then a Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and Praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by E. India the Court of Directors of the East India Company, a Company* Report made to them by their Committee of Accounts, Atcounts-dated the 16th of May 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by E. India the Court of Directors of the East India Company, an Company’* Estimate of Calli that may probably be received and paid between the ill of March 1786 and the lit of.

March 1790, distinguishing each Year; also, an Estimate of Sales, from March Sale 1786 to March Sale 1790.

Ordered,

16 Geo. XII -

p^_ _ India Ordered, That there Ge laid before this House, by *^e t~~ -m-e/rb and Court of Directors of the India Company, an Ac-

\_Jt‘LUDr^i:c. count of the Freight and Demorage paid between the 21 ft of January 1784 and the lit of March, 1786, and from thence estimated to the lft of March 1790, distin-guishing each Year; also, the Savings on the Six Ships taken up Season 1785* a°d the Four Ships taken up Season 1 786, at low Freights, and the Savings per Annum if all the Ships should be taken up at the same low Rates.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, an Efti-inate of the Sale Value of the Goods in Warehouse unfold on the ift of March 1786, and of those expected to arrive in England in 1786 to 1789, inclusive; also, the Value of Goods expected to be in Warehouse, unfold, on the ift of March 1790, with the Amount of Exports paid for the ift of March 1790, for which no Return will then have been made.

F- India lioods in W are house.

E- India Bills o

Each

wage.

Paper receding E. India Affairs.

Orders o( the Day.

Stamp Officers Lund Tax-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, an Account of the Excels that will probably occur in the Payment of Bills of Exchange and Certificates between the 21st of Jumiary 1784 and the lft of March 1790, more than estimated in the Reports of the Court of Di-J't'6tors to the House of Commons, dated the 14th of -February',’and 31st of May 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an JE-xtrafct of a Letter from the Court of Directors to the CT5 overnor General and Council of Fort William, dated the 4th of July 1777, including the Fourteenth, Fif-ttrenth, and Sixteenth Paragraphs of the said Letter.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j louse, upon the Bill for continuing the Salaries and profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers 45f the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire _J^ane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes £ind Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of,

ji©tw ithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Galley Knight took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

.Morning.

islands of The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

*c. " aUus> Reading of the Bill, for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, . Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also all Monies which have arilen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to anl'wer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the fame, according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, Vol. 41.

Mail- 851

addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s T^aval and Land Forces in the Leeward , dated the 30th Day of March 1781;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing " the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Importers of, and Dealers in Foreign Wines, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceiving themselves to be very much aggrieved by the several Regulations contained in the said Bill, are desirous to (late to the House the Difficulties they will labour under in case the same should pals into a Law; and that the Second Reading of the said Bill is appointed for Tomorrow, by which Time it will be irapolftble for the Petitioners to be properly prepared to state their Cafe; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, and that such Time may be allowed them, to prepare their Cafe, as shall seem just and reasonable to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of their Petition against the said Bill, if they think fit.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Wat-

son,

Mr. Alderman Neum-ham:

Mr. Rose,

Mr. Michael Taylor:

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, <

27-

77-Ordered,

Pefumery, Hair Powder, &c.

Duties on Tobacco.

Battens and Deals.

Charges

against

Mr. Mafiings.

Duties on Wines.

Ptrfumcry, Hair Powder, &c.

Re duftion of

Nalional

Debt*

IHands of St, Eaflatius. let.

85a 25° Mali. 178

Ordered, That the postponed Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day, Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

70.

14.

Mr. Edward James Eliot,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge,

Mr. Dempster:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debts without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tively hold, and further to distribute the same according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s N.aval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Dutir» on House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tobacco. House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wines exported from England, from the 5th of January 1 736 to the 5th of January 1745, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Wine.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Battens awl House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain;

And the House being informed, That the said Bill was missing;

Ordered, That Leave be given to present another Copy of the said Bill: And that Mr. Rose and Mr.

Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose accordingly presented to the House the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolvd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolve^ itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in w hose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or whoaresubject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respect

The House being informed that Mr. Irving from the Wine* Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he exported, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wines exported from England from the 5th of January 1736 to the ,5th of January 1745, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year and each Species of Wine.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

r.

26 Geo. III. 250 — 160 853

("% -jzrzrs Mr. Hu flings.

Persons to Attend.

The other postponc-d Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against WarrerC Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WiSeven-night, the 7th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, and Duties on for preventing Frauds on the said Duties, was read a Starch-Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Veneris, 26* die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii III'" Regis, 17S6. Prayers.

J^ofAngle/e m/\ BILL for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the . Chopper and Lead Mines within the Isle of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. ment-

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Admiralty Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Expence of erecting and corn-pleating a Building adjoining to the Admiralty Office, for the Purpose of procuring proper Accommodations for transacting the Business of the said Office, and for the more convenient Arrangement and Disposal of the Books,

Maps, Charts, and Papers, belonging thereto.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

y,:n ESTIMATE of the Expence of erecting and compleating a Building adjoining to the Admiralty Office, for the Purpose of procuring proper Accommodations for transacting the Business of the said Office, and for the more convenient Arrangement and Disposal of the Books, Maps, Charts, and Papers belonging the reto:

Prepared in pursuance of the Orders of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter from Philip Stephens, Esquire, the 25th May 1786.

The Total Charge of erecting a Building, for the Purpose above specified, on the Ground adjoining to the Admiralty Office, in a substantial Manner, with Brick, and such Projections, Cornices, &c. of Stone, as may be necessary in the Stile of the present Admiralty Buildings, and of finishing the same completely, in a plain substantial Manner, may amount to, and will not exceed, the Sum of - „ - - - Thirteen thousand Pounds.

26th May, 1786. Sam1 Pepys Cockerell,

Inspector and Surveyor of the Admiralty Buildings.

Ordered, That tire said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies \n America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Bn/uA-made G unpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated ‘ Vol. 41.

according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britaint and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging . the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the

10 H allowing

b

iC Mali.

Poor

Returns.

A \ 1785.

allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty's Colonies in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- DuflirM cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ,aciolure* Commons and Waste Grounds, called Belpar Ward and Chevin Ward, in the Parish of Dtiffield, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrest — His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give blue* *» Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac- Adress‘‘t-count of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, purifuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

rJbfton* Sir Francis Basset reported from the Committee, to

le* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Esquire,

deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Basset do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

and Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual so " much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a " Fund established by an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign " Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and " dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the distributing " and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of

Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called " England, by applying a Sum not exceeding Fifteen " thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Arrears and " Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited," was committed.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committe, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Grant for Account of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer of the Anny ^er* Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land victs’ c" Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Monies Account of the Imprest and other Monies remaining in remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament Exchequer.

The House being informed that Mr. Hewitt, from the Excise Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Doorj he was Office*, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Officers under the Management of the Excise discharged for Miiconduft, for the last Seven Years; distinguishing the Number discharged in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, Newport lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paf- 1*of 'Vi*ht feges, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in ®treets* the Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the Borough of Newport, in the and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Rushworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Newcastle of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His under Lyn* present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road ,load-leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle tnuler Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and to

Ghorsty Hill, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Geo. III.

6° Mdii*

&5$

Scotch

Judges.

Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church in the Town of

JNewcastle under Lyne, i'1 the County of , to the

Turnpike Road leading from JV<oor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to

Hill.

Ordered, That Sir John JVrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

F.tctfiona 7 Ocra/ionui Voters.

Ordered, That Mr. Ntcholl do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

Air. Nicholls accordingly reported from the said

0Ommittee, the Amendments which the Committee had ^^de to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re-^^-rted to the House; and he read the Report in his and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ^-^nsideration upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

-A.11 Saints tourch, 3NI «wcastle Tyne.

-oyal A (Tent Bills.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Vol.41.

An Act for raising & further* Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six,

An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for Thirty and Twenty-nine Years.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

An Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual*

" an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like " Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War,

" as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any " of His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying " Ships of War belonging to the Enemy."

An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt anti Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for regaling so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the " Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of , and for " the more ealy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a " certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and " Flour, authorized, by an Act made in this Session, to " be transported to the said Island," as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for aboliftnng the Claim of Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

An Act for laving a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to fell the lame, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, Nanine Contradicente, That Mr. Speaker Mr. Spe»ker’»

be desired to print the Speech by him made to His Ma- Speech wb* jesty, in the House of Peers, this Day, upon his present- Print, ding to His Majesty the Bill for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; which then received the Royal Assent

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Barley Account of the Quantity of Foreign Barley imported into the Port of London from Yarmouth, in the Ships Elizabeth, William Taylor — John and Thomas, Randal Barratt — The Friendship, Edward Duke — and The

Norwich.

Cheltenham

Streets.

The Clink Paving,' bcc.

Saint John, fcoulhwark.

26° Mail A. 1786:

Norwich, John Eggat, with the Time of their Arrival, and the Duties paid thereon, And the Price of Barley certified to the (Jolleftor of the Customs of the said Port, from- the last Quarter Sessions.

Mr. Richard Master reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the Footways and Paflhges in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now (landing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Joseph Maxcbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in

the County of Surrey; for the Removal of prefen t, and preventing of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Alley, leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Savioaforesaid, and also

Foul Lane, leading from the High in the said Borough, towards the said Parish Church and the Public Market, and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, in the said Liberty, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered \That Sir Joseph do make the Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed.

Sir Joseph Maivbey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in> his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manifeih. for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for moro effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine re-landing of Goods; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ttn>unlit<m for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cojnmon Fields, Illclo, urt-Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughtm, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Selby, &«. to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, puffed in Roads* the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Edinburgh for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh, treeU’* for opening a Communication from Queens Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Southern to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Southern y’ Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stanhopt’t, for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope &c.E1uim. and John Shuttleworth, Esquires, in the Counties of

York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Imprison. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ment upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Debtors-for the further Relief of Debtors, wdth respect to the imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

a6 Geo. III.

The House resolved itself into the find Committee. Mr. Sj>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phelips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland to grant British Registers to the Ships Speirs and Bowman, belonging to John Bowman, and others, Merchants in the City of Glasgow, be now read ft. Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Heading of the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Dudes in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise;

And the House being informed. That the several P’ertons, Importers of, and Dealers in, Foreign Wines, R’ho petitioned this House, Yesterday, praying to be ieard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which F^tition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being now heaa-rd, as their Counsel had not had Time sufficient to prepare themselves for that Purpose;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-p^fed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

'"The Amendments following were proposed to be nl0,de to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of Question to add the Words "upon Tuesday Morning c pext."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" £^.g.tid Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

| Mr. Steele, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Michael Angelo [ no.

[ Taylor

{Mr. Alderman Nexen- 1 ham, [ 38.

Mr. Sheridan:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the llepoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Vox.. 41.

Speirs and Bowman

SVips.

on ities.

then a Second Time, One by One, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosserf.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-lented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Report made to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by their Committee of Accounts, dated the 16th of May 1786: And also,

N° 2. An Estimate of Cash that may probably be received and paid between the lft of 1786 and the lft of March 1790, distinguishing each Year; also, an Estimate of Sales, from March Sale 1786 to March Sale 1790: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Freight and Demorage paid betweeen the 21st of Januar 1784 and the lft of March 1786, and from thence estimated to the lft of March 1790, distinguishing each Year; also, the Savings on the Six Ships taken up Season 1785, and the Four Ships taken up Season 1786, at low Freights, and the Savings per Atmum if all the Ships should be taken up at the same low Rates: And also,

N° 4. An Estimate of the Sale Value of the Goods in Warehouse unfold oti the ill Day of March 1786, and of those expected to arrive in England in 1786 to

1789, inclusive; also, the Value of Goods expected to be in Warehouse, unfold, on the lft Day of March

1790, with the Amount of Exports paid for the lft Day of March 1790, for which no Return will then have been made: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Excels that will probably occur in the Payment of Bills of Exchange and Certificates between the 21st of Janu 1784 and the lft of March 1790, more than estimated in the Reports of the Court of Directors to the Honourable the House of Commons, dated the 14th of February and 31st of May 1784: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Six ’ teenth Paragraphs of a Letter from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council, dated the 4th of July 1777.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the Five first of the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the last of the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, are referred.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of all the said Papers he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better " securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering foe Discounte on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

to I State

Accounts respecting E.India Companjr.

Duties on Tobacco.

858 26° Man.A. 1786.

fc. India Co’s.

bonded

Debt.

E. India Co’s. Arrears.

Public Credit at Port William.

Iflamls of St. EuftatLs, &c.

Charges

against

Mr. Hastings.

Papers respecting K. India Adairs.

State of the Bonded Debt due by the East India Company at the Presidencies of Fort , Fort Saint

George, and Bombay respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Arrears due in the several Departments of Government, and of the Orders on the several Trea-furies issued and remaining unpaid at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint and Bombay respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Proclamation by the Governor General and Council of Fort William, dated 29th December 1785, relative to the State of Public Credit at that Presidency.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, the Bill for vetting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums-they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the fame, according to the written Instrufitions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leetcard Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Hastings, Esquire,

late Governor General of Bengal, be now read.

And the' laid Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do upon Tuesday Morning next attend this House, with his Correspondence with Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William, together with the Jitters and other Documents which have been mutually transmitted in the Course of the fame, from the Day of Mr. Middleton's Departure from Fort William, in January 1774, to his Return iri January 1775, together with his Diary from the same Period, and all Minutes made by him in the said Diary;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " attend this " House with" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these words, " the Correspondence which parted between him and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William, in their Official Capacity,

together with the Letters and other Documents relating to public Affairs, which were transmitted in the " Course of the same, from the Day of Mr. Middleton's " Departure from Fort William, in January 1774, to " his Return in 1775," instead thereof.

And the said Motion and proposed Amendment were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Paper? posed, That the Directors of the East India Company rflf"v:li do forthwith call for all such Part of the Correspondence which palfed between Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor of Fort William, in their Official Capacity, and of all Papers and Documents relating to public Affairs, transmitted in the Course of the fame, from Mr. Middleton's Departure from Fort William, in January 1774, to his Return in |

January 177.5, as have not already been transmitted |

to the said Directors; and that they do lay before this !

House such Parts of the said Correfpoudence as have not already been laid before this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" and also any Diary, or Minutes, relating to public " Affairs, which the said Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire,

" was directed or bound to keep during the said " Period."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do forthwith call for all such Part of the Correspondence which parted between Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor of Fort William, in their Official Capacity, and of all Papers and Documents relating to public Affairs, transmitted in the Course of the fame, from Mr. Middletons Departure from Fort William, in January 1774, to his Return in

January 1775, as have not already been transmitted to the said Directors; and, that they do lay before this House such Parts of the said Correspondence as have not already been laid before this House, and also any Diary, or Minutes, relating to public Affairs, which the said Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, was directed or bound to keep during the said Period.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Ways and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rairtng the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Stamp the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Officers Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and LiU1<J TajL other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Charges ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aga,"ft House, to consider further of the several Articles of Mr' atl#s? Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered perfoi» t* to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the attend, said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck- Inge’s Efute. burgh have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

03 An

26 Geo. III.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An to empower the G uardians of Phillips,

Inquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the county of,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Evening, at Ten of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

MnSpeaker’s The Speech of Mr. Speaker, this Day, upon pre-5pe*c ' fenting to His Majesty the Bill for veiling certain

Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; when it received the Royal Assent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your faithful Commons have passed a Bill, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt;" by which they have manifested their Attention to Your Majesty’s Recommendation, at the Opening of this Session, for establishing a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt.

By the Unanimity which attended the lait and most important Stage of this Bill, they have given the most ^deciftve Proof, that they have but One Heart, and One ~Voice, in the Maintenance of the Public Credit, and ^rofperity of their Country.

The Public Credit of the Nation, which is the Result *of just and honourable Dealing, is now guarded by an additional Security — And the future Prosperity of this Country will effectually be provided for, when it is con--ftdered, that, for the Purpose of pleading the Cause of the Continuance of this Measure most powerfully with "Bofterity, Your faithful Commons have, to the Justice and good Policy of it, added the Authority of their own Example:

Qui Illejubet.

They have not been discouraged by the Burthens imposed during the lait Ten Years from submitting in the present Time, and in the Hour of Peace, to new, and the Possibility of other, Burthens; their Object being to attain a Situation for their Country more favourable to her Defence and Glory in the Event of future Emergencies.

A Plan lo honourable in its Principle, and so conducive to the future Happiness and Safety of the Kingdom, must be, in the highest Degree, acceptable to the Father of His People.

Under that Confidence, in the Name of all the Commons of Great Britain, I tender this Bill to Your Majesty; to which, with all Humility, Your faithful Commons desire Your Majesty’s Royal Assent.

Martis, 30° die Maii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786.

859

Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been prelected to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parry’s for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry, Eft»tes. Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in dil'charging the Incumbrances affecting the lame, and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Canwick for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Indofore. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of

Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an Open Common, called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the fame, and allb in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, and Waste Lands; and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Huddersfield for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waite inclosure-Grounds within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York;without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carlisle for more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, Eoad* so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as is within the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Margaret, for raising a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen, Patrols, and Beadles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of;

w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Beaumont’* veiling the Estate comprized in the Settlement made on Elhue-the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont, Clerk, deceased, in Trullees, to fell the lame, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Manner, in lieu thereof} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bamford’* enable William Bamford, Esquire, and the several other Eftale*-

Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford, Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

26° — 30° Mail,

Prayers.

Answer to rpHE Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Grant for Addrefc. X That their Addrefe of Friday last (that His the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called ArmyS* Vol. 41.

86o

30° Mail. A. 1786.

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784: And also,

An Account of the Imprest, and other Monies re- Money maining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followethviz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies granted for the Use of Hi*

Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784.

The Sum remaining in the Exchequer, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces, in the Year 1784 -

The Sum remaining in the Exchequer, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Ordnance, in the Year 1784 ——

The Sum remaining in the Exchequer for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and] other Services, in the Year 1784 - - -j

& * 390,810 4 6*

50,000-----

£340,810 4 6t

Exchequer, the 30th Day

of May 1786. Hughson

To

i6 Geo. Ill

30" Mali

8 61

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Imprest and other Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition

of Parliament.

Duty on Gum Senega, A* 1765 ....

Sugars, before 29th September 1764 -

Sugars, since D* -

Apples imported ——

Melasses, &c. since ifi November 1766 -

Verdigrease, since 24th June 1781 -

Paper, Glafe, since 20th November 1767 - - - - .

Cambricks and Sugars, A° 1766 - -

lottery Licences, A* 1784 ——

on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free -

paid by Isaac Needham, Esquire, on Account of Brandy, and other Liquors imported from Gibraltar ——

- - William Deane Poyntz, Esquire, late Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at

New York ——

- - Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in America

- - Sir Frederick Haldimand, Governor of Trois Rivers, in Canada, and the

Southern District in North America -

- - John MaUett, Esquire, Purveyor of die American Military Hospitals

- - Major William Gum, Cotnmifiary for fending Home the German

Troops -

- - Sir Robert Taylor, Knight -

- - Colonel Alex? Innes, late Inspector General of the Provincial Troops in

North America ——

- - Mervin Nooth, M. D. Purveyor of the American Hospitals

- - Adair and Partridge, Executors of /. A. F. Hesse, for Expences of the

Military Hospitals, for the Year 1769 -

> - - Francis Baring, Esquire, for the Sale of Army Provisions lent from

America and the West Indies ....

- - William Barr, Esquire, late Provider to the Military Hospitals in Canada

- - Robert Halifax, M. D. for the Sale of Medicines for the Use of Military Hospitals in America -

- - Sir Gilbert Elliott, Bart late Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy

- - Robert Jones Adean, Executor of Robert Jones, Contractor of Provisions

in Nova Scotia ——

- - John Stevenson, Esquire, late Contractor at Halifax -

- - Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s

Forces ——

- - Colonel Henry Fox, Administrator to the Right honourable Lord Holland,

late Paymaster of the Forces -

- - Major General William Dalrymple

- - Edmund Bott, George Ritso, and Nath! Esquires, Paymasters of

Exchequer Bills ——

D* - - - Josiah Martin, Esquire, late Governor of North Carolina -

Subsidy

.Money

r>°

x>-

D°

D*

r>°

r>-

D*

x>°

D°

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

X>-

D*

£. s. d. 418 9 7

45 11

1,196 18 3 606 3 — i,4> 2 7 9

61 ll 6

339 >9 8 93 7 5

1,621 17 11

860 10 if 61 6 i

2,643 3 Hi 557 5 u*

280 13 —

174 >3 9

1,424 13 —

999 1 —

493 >2 8

36,962 16 10 700------

5,101 4 11 3,200----

777 3 10 756 8 —

25.000 -

10.000 -

3,026 7 — *

1,199 14 3

495 2 9

100,508 13 if

Exchequer, the 30th Day of May 1786.

John Hughson.

Vol. 41.

10 K Ordered,

Wtfcy’s

Estate*

Pilchard

Fishery.

Williamson’s

Estate.

Irish Corn, Ac. imported.

Barking

Workhouse.

862 30* Mait. 1786.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold *Lands and Hereditaments in the County of , to the

Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Esquire,

and Elizabetha Honoria, his Wife, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatic) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool, in tire County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Blackburne, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Return of all Foreign and Irish Corn and Grain imported Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, from the 1 ft of January 1784 to the ill of May 1786; distinguishing the Sorts of Corn and Grain lb imported, and reduced to Winchester Measure, per Quarter; and also, the Prices of each such Sort of Corn and Grain as certified from each and every Sessions of the Peace holden during that Period, to the Collector of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port aforesaid.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

03

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Duffi«-ld and Waste Grounds, oalled Belpar Ward and luclolurc.

W ard, in the Parish of Dujfield, in the County of Derby,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingossed Bill to continue and render more effectual Hemp and an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Flax. Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the " Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain " Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for " establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising " and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the " distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund " thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the " Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum out of " the Arrears and Duties to the Purpose6 aforesaid, for " a Time limited," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And tlmt the Title be. An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Galley Knight, according to Order, reported from stamp the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Officers continuing the Salaries and Profits of die Commissioners, Land laJt Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed liim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tftne,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bamford’i Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and the fe- Fftatts. veral other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford, Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, in Poor the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Return*.

Great

26 Geo. III. 300

Great Britain called England, to make Tketurns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Maittwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Cheltenham An m&offeA Bill for paving the Foot Ways and treeu. Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, Vn the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuifences, and Annoyances, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for paving the Foot Ways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now (landing the rein, and' for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

TJireaJ* _ 1 he Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House,

Manufacture. according to Order, a Bin for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Thread: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Darner’# An ingvoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Darner, Widow) to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds for the Purpose# in the said Articles mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fi/her!e*. A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners concerned in the Fisheries on the Coasts of Iceland, Shetland, and in the Vicinity of the other Islands and Banks in the Northern Seas, from the Harbour of , was

Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, 9fdently desirous to promote that laudable Spirit of Ad-vc/iture, in an Attempt to improve the Fisheries of Great Britain, which distinguishes the present Period, the Petitioners have fitted out, at a considerable Expence, Seven Vessels, which are to be employed solely in thoie Fisheries in the Northern Seas, and this, they are hopeful, may in Time be rendered profitable to the Adventurer, and contribute to the general Interests of the Nation, not only as an excellent Nursery for Seamen, But in drawing from the Ocean a Part of that Wealth which it is capable of furnishing to the Indus-tiio«s; but while the Petitioners are encouraged in their pjefent Undertaking by the Prospect of future Reward, they are fully aware of the Disadvantages they mull labour under, and the Hazards they must be exposed to, in their first Attempts to ascertain the Succels of a Scheme of which Experience alone can determine the Utility; and that, as the House has had it in Contemplation to provide Bounties for the Newfoundland, and other Brandies of the British Fisheries, the Petitioners hope that the same Indulgence may be extended to the Fisheries in the Northern Seas, and implore the filtering Protection of the House to their Infant Under-

Vol. 41.

taking: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration, and to determine in tb? same as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension.

A Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society, Clyde to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better im- Marine powering and enabling them to carry on their Charitable Soc, et>r' and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Ship Masters and others for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for pulling down and re-building the Church All Saint* of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and rrhurch> for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was read a Second Time. P y Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act I-ord for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord and Lady Cameljord, and for making a further Settieinfnt. Provision for the Younger Children of the said Marriage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Watson, according to Order, reported Southern from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, was committed; the Amendments whiclt the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table*. Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of tlte Day, for the House Criminal* in to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Scotland, upon the Bill for estabjifliing a regular Method of assessing the Heritors of Counties in that Part of Great

Scotch

Judges.

Kirk wall, Ac. Election.

Duties on Wines.

30* Mali. A. 1786.

Great Britain called Scotland, to defray the Expence of prosecuting Criminals, and of managing the Fund thence arising, and regulating the Nomination of Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame took the Chair of the Com* mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed bim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Cunynghame accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

and all others, Importers of, and Dealers in, Foreign Wines, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, conceiving themselves to be much aggrieved by several Clauses contained in the said Bill, are very desirous to be heard, by their Counsel, against the faicf Clauses: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Asiheton>, for effecting an Exchange between Rebecca *c. Estates.

Widow, and the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts, was read a^econd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lister,

Mr. Cecil, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justi-dary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Importers of, and Dealers in, Wine, Duties 00 in the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and Wines, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending in the House, for putting Wines under the Laws of Excise; and that the Petitioners are sensible of the Frauds daily committed, to a considerable Extent, by smuggling and adulterating Wines, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty’s Revenue, and the Fair Trader, and while they feel an anxious Concern for every Measure which may have the most remote Tendency to endanger the Constitution and the Liberty of the Subject, they are convinced of the Necessity of applying feme effectual Remedy to prevent such gross Frauds, and will therefore chearfully submit to such Regulations as shall be judged necessary for those Purposes, trusting with fell Confidence in the Wisdom and Justice of the House, to devise such as may effectually secure His Majesty’s Revenue, and, at the same Time, preserve the Liberty of the People, with as little Inconvenieuce to the Fair Trader as the Necessity of the same will permit: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Motion made upon Tuesday last, that Sir James Riddell, of Baronet, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Dif-trict of Burghs of Kirkwall, JVidc, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Motion.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Twenty-second Day of this Instant May, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Sir James Riddell, Baronet, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Ditto, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Altering Lift resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Land T»% the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, That One of the Members for the Town of Cambridge having offered a List of Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilst the said Lift was in the Ingrossing Office of this House, in order to be ingrossed into the Bill, then depending, for appoint-

26 Geo. III. 30° Mail. 8

Commissioners for executing the said AQ;, the said lift was altered, by several of the Names of the taut Commissioners being changed, and falsely spelt, in order that the same might be Misnomere, and the Conunissioners, whose Names were intended to be ini'erted, might be prevented from acting in the Execution of the said Act; rp

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Island ®f St. The House was moved, That the Order made upon

iuftatius,&c. j?riflay iaft, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow Morning, the Bill for vetting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the I Hands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martinand , and their De-

pendencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which have orifen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Eflefts, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy; and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Pay-<m.ent of the Sums they lnay refbe&ively hold; and further to distribute the same according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward , dated the

30th Day of March 1781, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 8th Day of June next

?Vbl°n Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excile, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they iiad heard Counle), and examined Witnesses, in Rchall of the Petition of the several Persons whose Na/rjes are thereunto fubforibed, for and on Behalf of thetnic 1 ves and all others, Importers of, and Dealers in, Foreign Wines, and had closed the Evidence in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had made a Progrefe in the Bill; and that be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-ing> resolve itself iDto a Committee- of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an act-Baltetuaud ^onal Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Vox.. 41.

Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope’, Stanhope and John Shuttleworth, Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates lb to be sold in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respeaing the said Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -combe, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Perfumery, Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Hair Powder, Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair &c’ Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Starch, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Expirii* to resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, Laws, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gun-powder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Ewvpe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Affies, Wood and Weed Athes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties Jn lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Tmpriron-Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ment of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An debtor*.

Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Inriprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was committed;

to L Ordered,

Duties on Tobacco.

Charges

against

Mr.Hastings.

Persons to attend.

Middlesex House of Correction.

Slaughtering

Horses.

866 300 — 31 0 Mai . 1785.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the tail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31® die Maii;

Anno 26° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786. Prayers.

MR. Mairrwaring reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of C01-rection within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;' and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

03

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Lymington the Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter the Powers, Road* of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at , in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom R0mfey,4e. the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Road, put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street " called The Hundred, at Romsey, through,

" to the River at Sxrathling, in the County of " ton, and for connecting the same with the Road leading " from the City of Winchester, through Hurslcy, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the " Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swath ling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the said County of Southampton," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Stephen Barney being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have repaired the Road leading from the River at SwathUng, through Botley, to Sherrill Heath; in doing which they have expended a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, so far as respects the said Road, be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at through

Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Thistlethwaite do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jervoise, from the Select Committee who were Carlin* appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Rlettwa. tion of John Christian, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of

Carlisle,

Com and Grain.

Beaumont's

Estate.

Southern

\Vlia\e

Iifl.cry.

2(5 Geo. III. 31

Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a exclusive Trade of The South Sea Company, to take out Rioht to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in a Licence from the said Company.

Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of And the said Clause was Twice read} ant}, upon the an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed Q.ueltion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be the House, That the said Scleft Committee have de- made Part of the Bill.

termined, _ , ^Then an Amendment was made by the House to the

That John Lowther, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bill.

Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of Carlisle, in the County of Cumbet'land. ingrossed.

And also, that the said Select Committee have de-

termined,

That John Christian, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the said City of Carlisle,

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John Christian, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the said City of Carlisle.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend, this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cum-oerland, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of John Lowther, Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Christian, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do make the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed- in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

Mr. Strutt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be suffi-tient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont, Cleric, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled-in like Manner, in lieu thereof; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging Ships navigating within the Boundaries of the

Vol. 41.

Sir William Cunynghame, according to Order, reported Scotch

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Judge*. Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Ld. Stonr-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An £^t’eAc’

A ft for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Lady

Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, -to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 37* Leave out from " Seal" to " to" in Pr. 11. 1. 2.

Pr. 12. 1. 34* Leave out from " fame" to " and " in I. 36.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, -were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Support and En- Greenland courageinent of the Fisheries carried on in the Great-. Whale land Seas and Davis's Straits, was read the Third Fl,he,y' Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 26. After " thereto" to insert " the Blubber to be rated, with respect " to the Oil, as Three to Two."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

put

I-

868

31° Mali. A. 1786.

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved ’, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stcmp Offices An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Salaries and Land Tax. profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Stran, in the Liberty of notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of,

notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place.

Ordered, That the Lord Mulgraoe do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Folkstone, &c. Small Debta.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington neat Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham,

Acris, Sioingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Shipping and The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Navigation, further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into furtbet’ Consideration upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House P,lcbard to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ilich’< EfUu. for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich,

Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Truliees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jercoise,

Mr. Mackreth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Highland

Majesty’s Command, BrSeT*

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1786, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1786, pursuant to the Orders of lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

To putting and keeping in Repair 682 Miles of Road, at 4/. a Mile -To I>* for 938 Bridges, at 21, per Bridge -

To keeping up Bulwarks and Embankments, &c. -

Salary to the Surveyor of Bridges -

To completing a new Road 24 Miles, and building Eight Bridges from King’s House Tnn to Fort William - -

Total - - - £.

War Office,

31st May 1786. Geo. Yonge.

£ d.

2,728----

1,876-----

.300 -

100-----

780-----

5,784-----

Ordered,

A

Whichcot's

Estate.

Murfton

Bigg°tt

Church.

Charitable

Donations.

Papers respecting £ah India Company.

Bailey

imported*

L

26 Geo. Ill -

Or*r,d, TWltte Table, to be \itrutedl>y tue Members

3

Mali-

85<

do lie upon of the House.

the

to be perused by the Members of

intituled, An Act Thomas W

r ml O

Tables

House?-

'll be said Account is preferred amongst the otl Papers of this Session.

Mr- Dempster, presented to the House, accordin'

"Order, a Bill for erecting certain Light Houses, in Northern Parts of Great Britain: And the same received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Earl of Breadalbane, the Earl

Moray, and the Earl of Dunmore, and the humble -X*1 — Jo*" tition of the Honourable Archibald Fraser, Sir Fergusson, Baronet, Sir James Riddell, Baronet, — T,

bald Macdonald, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor Genera M John Call, Esquire, Henry Esquire, and

Dempster, Esquire, in Behalf of themselves and others. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That the Petitioners having seen the Reports of th& Committee for enquiring into the State of the British Fisheries, which Reports were not completed till t Time for presenting Petitions to the House for private Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Acts of Parliament had long expired; and, being satisfied Order, a Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all from the said Reports, that it is necessary, for establishing Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons in and promoting Fisheries, and the general Improvement the l'everal Parishes and Places within that Part of of die Coalts of the Highlands of Soot land, as well as the

Suppression tniigraikm from that Quarter of the Kingdom* that Towns, Villages,

An ingrossed R\\\ fi'omirri^t^0rt^s*

for vefung Part o{ the E te of __________„_________ }

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incut*1 'a»ces affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron

Boyle of Marston, in England, to pull down the present

Parish Church of Marston otherwise Marston

Bygood, in the County of , and for building a

new Parish Church there, was read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A State of the Bonded Debt due by the East India Company at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively: And all'o,

A State of the Arrears due in the several Departments of Government, and of the Orders on the several Trea-Turies issued and remaining upaid at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint , and Bombay, respectively: And also.

Copy of a Proclamation by the Governor General and Council of Fort William, dated 29th December 1785, relative to the State of Public Credit at that Presidency: And all'o.

Copy of Correspondence between Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, and Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor of Fort William, in their Official Capacity, from Mr.

Middleton's Departure from Fort William, in January i 774, to his Return, in January >775; to which is added. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Ramsay, Assistant Secretary to the East India Company, to Warren Hastings, Esquire, and Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire; also, Copy of Af effieurs Hastings and Middleton's Reply. Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

said Papers are preserved amongst the other I^apers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Welstead, from the Conirrxifiioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; lie was culled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Order,

An -A-ccount of the Quantity of Foreign Barley imported ir»to the Port of London from Yarmouth.

And tHen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the' said Account do lie upon the V v> l. 41.

0 „ and Fishing Stations,

should tx* built for the Purpose of collecting together and affording convenient Habitations to many of their Fellow Subje&», h*e Petitioners are therefore willing to subscriba a joint Stock for the Purpose of purchasing Lands, and building Towns thereon, as aforesaid, and, for their greater Convenience and Encouragement in an Undertaking -which they conceive to be fundamentally necessary to the -Attainment of the Objects above mentioned, are delirous of obtaining a Charter of Incorporation for themlel ves and others, with certain Powers necessary for the conducting of their Affairs: And therefore praying; in 13eh u.1 f of themlel ves and others, That they may be permitted to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circucnstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Earl of Breadalbane, Earl of Moray, Earl of Dunmore, Archibald Fraser, Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir James Riddell,

Archibald Macdonald, John Call, Henry Beaufoy, and George Dempster.

Then a Petition of the Earl of Breadalbane, the Earl of Moray, and the Earl of Dunmore, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Archibald Fraser, Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, Sir James Rid Baronet, Archibald Macdonald, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General, John Call, Esquire, Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, and George Dempster, Esquire, in Behalf of themlel ves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Petitioners and others for the Purposes aforesaid, and giving them other necessary Powers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Beaufoy, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Storing Lift to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, CoSaLu-

10M upon era.

870

3i0 Mali. A. 1786.

upon the Report which mbs made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, That one of the Mem*: bers for the Town of Cambridge having offered a List of Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act for the said Town, whilst the said Lift was in the Ingrossing Office of this House, in order to be ingrossed into the Bill, then depending, for appointing Commissioners for executing the said Act, the said Lift was altered, by several of the Names of the said Commissioners being changed, and falsely spelt, in order that the same might be Mifno-mers, and the Commissioners, whose Names were intended to be inserted, might be prevented from acting in the Execution of the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That the said Report might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That it appears, by the said Report, That several material Alterations were made in the List of Commissioners of the Land Tax Act delivered in by General Adeane, One of the Members for the Town of Cambridge, after the said Lift had been delivered in by the said Member, and that the said Alterations were made without his Privity or Consent.

Resolved, That any Alteration made in any List of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act, delivered by a Member of this House, whereby the Persons whose Names were included in such Lift might be prevented from acting in the Execution of such Act, is highly criminal, and a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That; for the future, every List of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act shall be delivered in signed by the Member delivering in the fame, that the said Lift be carefully kept by the Officer to whom the same shall be intruded, and that no Person whatever do presume to make any Alteration in such Lift without the Order of this House, or of a Committee thereof.

Resolved, That every Member delivering in such Lift, shall, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, sign and deliver a Duplicate thereof, which Duplicate shall be kept upon a File, open to the Inspection of any Member of this House.

Means8"*1 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Imprest and other Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Dif-' position of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1784 to the 24th of December 1785, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Gilbert reported, from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which- they had 07

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved , That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kirkwall,4c. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of IFiek,

Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, in the Room of George Ross, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Perfumery, Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty HairPowder, certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Election* — further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Occasional the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Occasional Voter* Voters from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Winei-to consider further of the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

‘ The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr.

Gcx>£ „

Supply-

X> a ties on Starch.

Expiring

Laws.

26 Geo. Ilf ~ 31 °

Mr. Gilbert accorcJ*p®^i^^5jrte^ from the said Com-roittee, the Amendmei*3. w h . n^. mrnittee had made to the Bill, and wYncV. , ac, c ted him to report

to the House; and *ea Report in his Place;

and afterwards deVwered the "ill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: \V here the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further Consideration, upon this Da^ Seven night.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America', to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-me.de Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in' Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Flogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Albes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the Jregistering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the JVf anu fa ft ures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and lo revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be continued on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respcCk to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resotueei^ That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better locuring the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties or* Tobacco.

That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mr. Haftinft8* Consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of.

Vol. 41.

Junit.

87

Imprison-nient of

Debtors.

That the several Persons who were ordeL to attend the said Committee this Day (except M LumsJfQine) do attend the said Committee Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, MTen of the Clock.

erf< >rvs ^Ueud.

Jervis, 1° dieJunii;

Anno 26° Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Duties on Tobacco.

Prayer*.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Carlin* cording to Order, amended the Return lor the City Return of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland. "mended-

Mr. Alderman IFatson presented to the House, aC- Pay and cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Salaries and ^av Y r* Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers La " of the P®y Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tarver, "'thin the City of London, notwithstanding the said Of&ces should be removed into any other Division or Place: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A IVfeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Westminster Mr. & reeves* Pavl"8’

3VTr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty s Reigib for itn-powerirg the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lancs within the City and liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls, on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Phelips, according to Order, reported from the imprison-Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

pr. 3. 1. 9. After " only" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A).

Charges

against

And be it further Enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of " Prisons are hereby directed and " required to give Notice of this Act to all Persons in their Custody for Debt, within Three Days after such Persons

If

872

VOT

Returns.

Swathling

Hoad.

Lymington

Roads.

Ld. Stour-ton’s, See. K Oates.

1* Junii.

A. 1786.

" Persons shall have been respectively committed, or charged in " Execution, so as to make the " same clearly and perfectly understood; and if any Gaoler or Keeper of a Prison shall neglect " to give such Notice, according to " the true Intent and Meaning of " this Act, he shall forfeit and pay,

" to any Person who shall sue for " the fame, the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

" to be recovered by him or her by " Action' of Debt, in any of His <€ Majesty s Courts of Record at " Westminster wherein no Essoign, " Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every " such Action the Proof shall lie on , " the Person against whom the fame

shall be brought; Provided nevertheless, that such Action shall " be brought within Six Calendar " Months after the Cause of Action " accrued."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Moraine next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill , in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to etllarge the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymitigton, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady Stour-

ton, his Wife* the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge ttieir Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Earl of Surrey reported from the Committee, to Coa* Trade, whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Om by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. n

Sir Wat kin Lxwes reported from the Committee to Ditt*. whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for altering the Oath to be taken by the Labouring Coal Meters.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Paul Maylor and JViUicnn Pagett, Two of the Agents appointed to dispose of the Property su Euttatiu*, captured at the llland of Saint Eustatius and its De- dependencies, and to distribute the same among the fevered Persons entitled thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill having been brought into the House, for vetting in Trustees

all

1

Way. a Cleans.

6 Geo. III. i° Junii. 87 j

all the Spaa* Mia* StW»> Efe^J. *J»* %; For and in respea of erory such Ticket,

and Proper?* WfoeV^1*VuOF ti®aT tife Two Pounds on or before the 20th Pay of July next 5. Islands of Saint Eiutati^'tS? *tnd One Po«od Eight Shillings on or before the 30th DajT

their Dependencies. W q s Forces, in the of Augt&st next; Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings on oc

Month of February *7®1’ I?1 For other Purposes before the 20th Day of October next; Two Pounds or*-therein mpre particuin1^ the Petitioners or before the 21st Day of November next; Two PoujnLsfc

bee Leave to reprefept to *00 Honle, that, soon after ’ " ' —

beg Leave to reprefept

the said Capture, Aspen*3 neie appointed to conduct the Bufinefe of the fa,\d in the West Indies, and the Petitioners on the part" Navy, and George Jackson, Esquire, and John Lloy Esquire, on the Part of the Army, were appointed to conduct the Business of the said Capture in England *, and that the Petitioners have ever since a€ted in the Execution of the Trust so repoled in them, but, on Account of the great Number of Claims made to the said captured Property, and now depending, no Dvftrvbution has yet been made; that, as there is no Charge brought against; the

on or before the 18th Day of December next; and, Tw Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence on or before th 17th Day of January 1787, and that Tickets, as lix>. as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to tt«<2 Contributors so completing their Payments; that tfca-e Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distri — buted into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Priz< shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year" 1786, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the lft Day of June 1787, as soon as Certificates

and

Integrity, or Doubt raised as to the Solvency of the . -

Petitioners, there cannot be, as they think, auy just Cause can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and for removing them from the Execution of a Trust regu- that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers larly vested in them: And they therefore, confidenng shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exche-and feeling the said Bill as injurious to their Characters quer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services and Fortunes, pray the House, That the said Bill may as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be of Parliament heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against. the fame.

did

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, untu the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the I Hands of Saint Fustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effe€fcs, and Property, as w.as not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Eroperty now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distri-hute the same according to the written Instructions of His 1VIoft Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1 78x, be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners Be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerfurther of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas follQvreth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred Eighty-eight thousand

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Three hundred and Forty thousand Eight hundred and Ten Pounds, Four Shillings and Six Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784.

Resob&ed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of One hundred thousand. Five hundred and Eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings ajjd One Penny Three Farthings, of the Im-r prell and other Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Difpwifition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tt*e Sum of Sixty-five thousand Five hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, Four Shillings and One Penny Half-peinny, being the Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages in the Year 1785, be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 25th Day of December 1784 to the 24th Day of December 1785, both iticlusive; and not provided for by Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Three hundred and " Forty," and inferring the Words "Twohundred and " Ninety," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two hundred and Ninety thou-

Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be raised by Way sand Eight hundred and Ten Pounds, Four Shillings and of Lottery, fUeh Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Six Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, remaining Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and r ’' 1 r ’ 'T"

Six Pence each; and that the Contributors towards

ice , __________________

the same shall, on or before the ad Day of June next, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England^ of One Pound Eight Shilling^ in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments -to the said Caftuers on or before the Times herein after limited; Vox,. 41.

in the Exchequer of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, in the Year 1784.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

10N" Chancellor

874

i° Juttii. A. 178 6.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marqub of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot,' Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duties on Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Vellum, See, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on . Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom, or State, from Low by Fire: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pilchard Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported Fiiheiy. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Duties on t Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Tobacco. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better " securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the difeon-tinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes,

Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. (Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barking for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given Vicarage by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing H°ufe-or re-building the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye,

Mr. Rolle,&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Starch. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, uud for preventing Frauds on the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Expiring Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Law*. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Duties on thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves Wines, and all others Importers of, and Dealers in, Foreign Wines, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are informed a Report b to be made upon the said Bill on Wednesday next, and conceiving themselves to be very much grieved by the said Bill, they are desirous to be heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Report: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Report, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon the Table, until foe Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration: And that foe Petitioners

be

Electiooft —

County

Voters.

a6 Geo. Ill- i6 — s

be then beard, by aSaiaft the said Bill,

upon their Petition, if they think fit.

3

The Order of the X>®y read, for taking into

further Consideration the Report from the Comtoittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was committed.

Ordered, That the fold ®*port be taken into further Consideration upon Sevennight, the lath

Day of this Instant June, at Twelve of the Clock.

LightHouses. A Bill for erect.\ng certain Bight Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

875

Resolve That the Bill do pa6: And that the Tithe An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries o" the Loros of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary': and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britos* called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry tba4 Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Payment Senteuce Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Just^gjass of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great —

tain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburg’^* for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of" the said Judges, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titles be. An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence

C barges

sninft

Mr.Hi

Haft iogs.

That this House will, upon Wednesday Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Copy of a Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, dated Sa'mt James's Place,

30th May 1786; and also, the Gfopy of a Letter from Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, to Mr. Morton, Secretary

to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, dated Harley Street, 3lit May i7^« contained in the Copy of Correspondence between Mr. Middleton and Mr.

Hastings, which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to

Admiralty

called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts, ira lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Scotch Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Judge*, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the lame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh, was read tl»c Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, A.n Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties 00 Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in

them referred; and that he was directed by the Com- Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh.

Per Tons to attend.

mittee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till after Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the £ud Committee this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

-And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 2* die Junii;

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, Pilchard made in "the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Fbheiy. present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing fit farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anno 26° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1786.

A. y t rs.

Scotch Lords A ingrossed Bill for augmenting and fixing the of Session, Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commis-

fcc. fiemers of Judiciary, mid Barons of Exchequer, in that

P®A of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Time.

VOL. 41.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to jnge’gEstate whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act to empower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge, Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

Tonbridge

Road.

Newcastle under Lyne Road.

Berwick St John, Inclosure.

Newport,

I. of Wight, Streets.

Hemp and Flax.

Ld. Stour-ton’s, &c. Estatet.

Adjourn-

ment

Edinburgh Streets, fee.

g7 6 rjmU. A. 1786.

found the fajfce to be true; add that the Patties. concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the had gone through the Bill* and made an Amehdment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amehdihent, id at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. at. 1. 11. Leave out " Daughters," and id-fert " Daughter and."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and.Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwkh, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balter ley, to Ghorsty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Englandwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holrhe, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the lame, and allb to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration a

the Amendments made by the LUrds to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 9. After Majesty " insert Clauses (A) and (B).

Clause1 (A) " And whereas the several Purposes " of the said recited Act would be " more effectually answered, if the " said Trustees were empowered " to purchase and become pof-" felled of certain Houses and Premisses, not described in the " said Act; Be it therefore Enacted, That the said Trustees, or any " Six or more of them, shall be " and are hereby authorized and " impowered to purchase and become possessed of such Houses " and Grounds as lie between " Nidderys Wynd and Dickson's " Close, from The High Street, to The Cowgate, and such other " Houses and Grounds, which the " said Trustees are not empowered " to be become possessed of by virtue of the said Act, lying on et the South Side of The Cowgate " l)etween Robertson's Close and " the Area adjoining to the South <( Bridge now building, and to open " Streets and erect Buildings on " such Ground, in like Manner " and according to such Plan as " they shall think proper; and " that the several Powers and " Provisions contained in the said " Act shall extend thereto, and be " put in Execution for the Purposes aforesaid, as if such Houses " and Grounds had been Part of " the Premisses included in and " authorized to be taken and made " Use of by the said Act."

Clause (B) " And whereas it is proper that the

" laid Trustees should be irnpowered to let, fell, or dispose of, by " Private Contraft or other wise, " such Pieces or Parcels of Ground " or other Premisses, which they " now have or shall hereafter become possessed of, and shall not " make Use of for the Purposes of " the said recited Act, or this Act; " Be it therefore Enacted, That the " said Trustees, or any Six or more " of them, shall be and are hereby " authorized and impowered to " let, fell, or otherwise dispose of, " by Private Contraft or in such " other Manner as they shall think " proper, any such Pieces or Pareels of Ground or other Premisses, which they now are or " shall hereafter become possessed " of as aforesaid, and shall not " make Use of in or for any of the " Improvements or other Works " intended by the said recited Act,

26 Geo. 111.

Jimii -

877

Imprisonment of Debtors.

any Thing in frona British Colonies in America; to the Allow-

u *-he ... n':o contrary here- ance upon the Exportation of made G import- —

w (notwithstanding." 1 1 "

Ordered, That b® taken into

further ConMcr&Uoti upoti tb A nree Months.

Edinburgh Arc. Streets.

The House was

der; to the further encouraging the Manufacture o^~ British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign* Sait Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugaa*^' of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any

Parts

accordirm j

move^i Ihe Petition of the His Majestys Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign

Lord Provost, Magnates* Council of the City of in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated ace Edinburgh, for themfeWes, ® . iP14 Behalf of the Coin- to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into tt^ mnnity of the said City Was preienied to the Province of Quebec in America-, to the discontinuir

House upon the ift Dav of March last, might be again the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallo--

1 d rv____ v . *V.

Duties on Tobacco.

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord

Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom;

the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Athes, imported into Great Britairr, and f< r granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to registering the Prices at which Com is fold in the several-Counties 01 Great Britain, and the Quantity exported

Advocate of Scotland, Sec.’. And they are to meet upon and imported; and to the effectually encouraging, the Wednesday Morning next at Nine of the Clock, in the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, Speaker’s Chamber °and have Power to fend for Persons, and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the Papers, and Records. allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as

Stores to be confuuied on Board Merchant Ships on An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Im- Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from prisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who His Majesty’s Colonies in , was committed;

shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the in the Asst, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after-their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, was read the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Third Time. Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; pass. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the agreed to by the House.

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Scotch Mornir»g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Distillery. whole i ouse, to considerof the Duties now payable upon

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fermerated Wort or Walh, brewed or made from Malt, enforcing an A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, and intituled" "An Act for the better securing the Duties also, vipon Low Wines, and Spirits, and also, upon Li- payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts cences taken out by Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines, on the Prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco, was or Spirits, from Corn, or Malt, in that Part of Great committed; the Amendments which the Committee had Britain called Scotland. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, der, a jjm for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum Lottery, in at the-Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were of iVloney, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dune* on

Starch.

Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Duties on der, a Bill for the more effectually carrying into Exe- Vellum, Ac. cution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped hfr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for certain Stamp Duties on Polices for insuring Probetter securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing perty in any Foreign Kingdom, or State, from Lois by Frauds on the said Duties, was committed; the Amend- Fire: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ments wLjch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk 3 'Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to Chelw«rth whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Indufute. the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and

l\xp'rin"

and, ujxjo the Question severally put thereupon, were Pastures, and also, a Piece of Common adjoining to agreed to by the House. Common, all within the Manors and Tyth-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing of Great and Little or One of them*, in

ingrolTbd. the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of

Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Air. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the on Behalf of himself and several others,

Covm«ittec of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Owners of Lands lying in the Manors and Tythings continue several Laws relating to the giving further of Great and Little Chekcorth, in the Parish of Crick-Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores lade Saint Sampson a, in the County of Wilts, and also Vol. 41. 10 O Occupiers

BntiHi Fiflv eries and Scotch Towns.

East India Company's Capital.

Supply.

878 Junii. A 1786.

Occupiers of Lands and Iioufes in the said Parish of

Cricklade Sami Sampson's, and in the Parish of Crick-lade Scant Maty’s, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hoafe, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the said Petition, and had also beard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that die Pardos concerned had given their Content to the BHI, and acto to the changing One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands in the Fields and Meads intended to be inclosed, amounting to 97 Acres 3 Roods and 7 Perches, or thereabouts; and that the Whole of the said Fields and Meads intended to be inclosed amount to 561 Acres 1 Rood and 37 Perches, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto, which they had drafted him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Piece, and afferwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Orefer being Mad adcordingly*

Ordered, That the Eftknate of the Exphnee of compleating and improving the Old Wotfa at 'Portsmouth and Plymouth, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which wvts made flotn the Committee, to whom the Petition Of Louis Bordl, on Behalf of himself and Partner Akrdhabt Henry Bareli, was referred, be referred to the said 'Committee.

Then the House refehted itself -htto tile said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert aHo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this Hoafe will, tipon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Earl of Breadalbane, the Earl of Moray, and the Earl of Dunmore, and the humble Petition of the Honourble Archibald Fraser, Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, Sir James Riddell, Baronet, Archibald Macdonald, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General, John Call, Esquire, Henry Esquire, and

George Dempstei', Esquire, in Behalf of them lei ves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had drafted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followelh; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Members present informed your Committee, That the building of Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, will be of great Advantage for establishing and promoting the lilheries, and the general Improvement of the Highlands and Islands of; and that, for the greater Convenience and Encouragement of this Undertaking, it will be absoliltely necessary to incorporate the Subscribers thereto into a Joint Stock Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, to be therein named, for building Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day 9e-vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Inches, w inch was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of May last.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Militia, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Gi'eat Britain called England, Was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Iflaml* of Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Thurs- Euftmnu*, day next, the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Speoie, c‘ Bullion, Merchandise, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatms, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 178-1, and also, all Monies which have arifon, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandise, Stores,

Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whole Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who ore subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment ctf the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the same according to the written Instructions of His Most Graoioue Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His laid Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orderbe discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Severnight, the 13th Day of this Indent June, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘

Morning

a6 Geo. Ill- 2° — 7

Morning ne«, re(ol<e IOto *>» (M Co">-

mittee.

The other Order of if Tead;

Charges The House resolved ?to Committee of the against whole House, to confide* ® r. the several Articles - ir.HaftingE. of -Qiarge of High Cth0®9 ^tilclemeanors against Warren Hajlings, EJquti©> «tte Governor General of Bengal

Mr. Speaker left the Ch®11*,

Mr. St.John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and that he was d'tfefted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Persons to Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered

attend. to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant June.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Seven of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii7° die Jttnii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIIfil Regis, 1786.

Pra yeks.

v.dmburgh 'OT R Adam Fergusson repotted from the Committee, streets. Sec. to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Ma-

giftrutes, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for them lei ves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Paid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, -as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Mealier Ross being examined, said, That the Street at the Luckcnbooths is so narrow as to be exceedingly inconvenient, and it will be necessary to widen, improve, and extend several of the Streets, and to purchase Houses and Grounds for that Purpose, and also to purchase Property in the Barony of Broughton, required for a Street frotn B Loan into Quem Street, and to extend the Royalty over the Purchases in the said Barony.

And he further said, Thai it is ’proper to enlarge the Burying 'Ground within the said City, and to purchase certain Houses alhd Areas -for that Purpose on the West Side of the ‘ GreyFridrs Church Yard.

WifficernAdam, Esquire, being examined, laid. That it will be a. great Improvemfent to the said City to vary the Line of the South Bridge, and to widen the fame, as also the Streets leading to and from the said Bridge, and to open several other Communications, and for that Purpose to purchase Houses and Grounds lying l>et'veeu Nidderys Wytid and Dickson's Close, from the Jiigh S’tr-eetto the and also other Hodfes and

Grounds on the South Side of the between

Robertntm's Close and the Area adjoining to the South Bridge now building.

And Mr. Rots further laid, That, in order to enable the Lord ProvUft, MagHi fates, and Council, to Vol. 41.

1 8 7

widen *he laid Streets, and to take away the Luck&r^ — booths, Prison, and Weighhouse, it will be necessary "ft. impow^r the Trustees named in an Act, passed in Twenty-fifth Year of His Majestys Reign, for maki a Bridge over the Cozvgate, and Communication fro* w the High Street to the South, to levy and collect fro«.xi every Proprietor of the City of Edinburgh, South a.rx <1 North Lath, Carmongate, Pledsance and of the Ei gl»t

Districts on die South Side of the City, a Sum not ^succeeding 10/. per Centum, of One Years valued Ren and to pay the same to the said Lord Provost, Magistrate?s, and Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fc»r widening several Streets in the City of Edinburg*-Ale, for opening a Communication from Queen Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton: And that Sir Adczrr* Fergusson and Mr. Dwtdas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, s»*thu„B made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present ^0atJ* Majesty, so far as the -feme relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swath-ling, through Bat ley, to the Turnpike Road at SherriU Heath, ir* the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resohyed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. voise, Mr- Bastard, ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. JEwer reported from the Committee, to whom Darners the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the ferviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Arm Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow) to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the lai«j Articles proper Powers for raising the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said ^Articles mentioned, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend* ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do path.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the <^raeI

ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Settle-rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord ment." and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Rode do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. °

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for

L

Middle fox House of Correction.

Tarry’s Eft ales-

Inge’s Edate.

Coals nfod in Isle of Anglesey.

Co^kfts of ( uftoni5, ^Scotland.

880

A. 17 86.

for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,', That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Maimcar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pairy reported from the Committee, to-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry, Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge, Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Ril I to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Cockets taken out of the different Custom Houses of Scotland, and of Bonds made to His Majesty on Goods carried Coast-wife for the last Year, and also the whole Amount of the Fees thereon; specifying the several Fees taken at each respective Custom House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Exifc. Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Excise Taxes, from Christmas 1784 to 5th April 1785, and from Christmas 1785 to 5th April 1786: And also,

An Account of the Number of Officers of Excise in North Britain discharged for Milconduft in the last Seven Years preceding 5th April 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Southern Southern Whale Fishery, was read the Third Time. Whale

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 18. After " Fishery " to insert " except " the Premiums hereinbefore " granted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houseand the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southera Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bainford’s to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Arm Bamford, Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr, Ewer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill for providing a proper Work- u^kins house, and . better regulating the Poor, within the Workhome. Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That' the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom william Ws the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatic) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool, in the County of Lancafia', in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates,

to

Vi flua! ling Office Land Tax.

26 Geo. III. i* Junii- 881

to> be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Office io East Smithfield aforesaid to the new Office ap-Coromittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, pointed by Government in the and the Officers and found the same to be true; and that the Parties of the said Office, in respect of their Salaries, will thereby concerned bad given their Content to the BUI, to the be liable to be charged to the Land Tax for that Division,

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Addition of had directed biin to report the Bill to the House, with- their Taxes (who at present are burthened with numerous out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at Assessments) unless Power is given to the Commissioners the Clerk's Table. of the Land Tax of the County of , acting in

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. and for the said Tower Division for the Time being, to

Resolved, That the Bill do pals. assess the Officers of the Victualling Office towards

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the raising the Land Tax for the said Manor and Parish, in Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the same Manner as hath been heretofore accustomed to to the fame, without any Amendment. be done: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Houses and Land, in the Manor of East Smithfield, continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the Clerks, and other Officers of the Victualling Office, rc-Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of spectively, rateable to the Land Tax, in the Manor of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, Owners, and Oc- East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of cupiers of Houses and Land in the same Place, was pre- Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Offices should be relented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there moved into tiny other Division or Place: And that Mr. hath been Annually charged upon, and paid by, the Pe- Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and titioners and other the Inhabitants, Owners, and Occu- bring in, the fame, piers of Houses and Estates in the said Manor of East

Smithfield, the Sum of £. 2,322. gs. 6d. towards the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Litbt Quota of the Land Tax raised by the County of Middle- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Houses. sex, a very great Proportion of which Sum bath been the Bill for erecting certain Light Houses, in the North-usually charged upon, and paid by, the Victualling ern Parts of Great Britain, be now read.

Office situate within the said Manor, and upon the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Salaries of the Officers belonging thereto; and that the The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Petitioners have just now received Information, that the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

said Officers lb transacting the Business of the V ictual- Sir William took the Chair of the Com-

ling Office will shortly be removed from the Office in mittee.

East Southfield aforesaid, to the new Office appointed Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

by Government in the Strand, and such Officers, in re- Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Commit-

spect of their Salaries, will thereby be liable to be charged tee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made to the Land Tax for that Division, to the Prejudice of several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed the Petitioners, and in Addition of their Taxes (who at him to report, when the House will please to receive the present are burthened with numerous Assessments) unless fame.

Power is given to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow the said Tower Division, to assess the said Officers of the MorniDg.

Victualling Office towards railing their Proportion of the

Land Tax in the same Manner as bath been heretofore The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Shipping and done: And therefore praying, That the House will further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Navigation, receive a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further In-Purposes aforesaid. crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation,

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- was committed; cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further to present a Petition, as desired by the said Inhabitants, Consideration upon Friday Morning next Owners, and Occupiers of Houses and Land, in the

Manor of East Southfield, in the Parish of Saint Botolph A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco in the Dutlfg on without Aldgate, in the Tower Division, in the County of Royal Burgh of Dundee, was presented to the House, and Tobacco. Middlesex. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are certain,

Then a Petition of the several Persons whose Names from Experience, that the late Tobacco Law is quite are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Owners, and inadequate to the purpose of preventing illicit Trade,

Occupiers of Houses and Land, in the Manor of protecting the fair Dealer, and securing His Majesty’s East Smithfield, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Revenue in that valuable Branch of the Customs; and Aldgate, in the Tower Division, in the County of that those new Regulations, lb far from preventing the Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and other Inba- Evil for which the Law was intended as a Remedy, have bitants. Owners, and Occupiers of Houses and Land had a very different EffeQ, and, the Petitioners are of in the same Place, was presented to the House, and Opinion, One Half of the Consumption of Scotland (and read; Setting forth, That there hath been Annually more particularly in the Neighbourhood of is

charged upon, and paid by, the Petitioners and others supplied^froin the North and WestCoafts, with smuggled the Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses Tobacco, and at a Price not exceeding from One and Estates in the said Manor of East Smithfield, in Shilling to One Shilling and Three Pence Sterling the said Parish, a large Sum of Money towards the per Pound, and the fair Trader, who contributes to-Quota of the Land Tax raised by the County of wards the Support and Increase of His Majesty’s Re-Middlese.r, a very great Proportion whereof hath been venue, is thereby undersold and brought to Ruin; and usually charged upon, and paid by, the Victualling Representing to the House, That Men of desperate Office, situate within the said Manor of East Smith- Fortunes, from the Greatness of the Temptation, will field, in the said Parish, and upon the Salaries of the be led to rHk every Penalty attending Detection, how-Officers belonging thereto; and that the Business of ever ftri& Regulations may be formed, and, that a the said Office will be very soon removed from the Reduction of Duty on this Article, would more effectually Vol. 4*1. to P prevent

Supply.

British

Fisheries.

Elections —

Occasional

Votcn.

Ship Buxton.

Exporting Wool, &c.

882

7* Junii.

A. 178

prevent Smuggling, by removing the ObjeQ;, and while it answered the valuable Purpose of easing the fair Trader, would augment His Majesty’s Revenue: And therefore praying, That the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; 1'is.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards completing and improving the Old Works at Portsmouth and Plymouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opyiion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Louis Bor ell and Abraham Henry Borell, Dyers, upon a proper Discovery to be made by them, for the Use of the Public, of their Method of dyeing the Colour called Turkey Red, upon Cotton in Hanks and in the Piece.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 4th Day of May last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Occasional Voters from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent Occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve hi Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Orders received and made by the Commissioners of the Customs relating to the Ship Buxton, Henry Horne Matter, laden with Foreign Barley, together with an Account of the Time of the said Ship’s arrival at Yarmouth, and when unladen, and also, an Account of the Time of her failing from Yarmouth, with what Cargo laden, and to what Place consigned.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the illicit Exportation of Wool, Live Sheep, Worsted, and Yarn; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Phelips, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. force, Mr. Drake, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Joliiffe, Sir Har-bord Harbord, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Millar, the Lord Newhwven, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lascelles, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir

William Dolben, Mr. Buller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rose, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Steele, Mr. Page, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Moysey, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Brett, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Penruddocke, Sir Janies Pennyman, Mr. Goddard, Sir Edward Astley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hants, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, Durham, Nottingham and Lincoln, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ana all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State, from Loss by Fire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tellers for the Yeas,

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, was committed;

And the House being informed, That the several Persons, Importers of, and Dealers in, Foreign Wines, who petitioned this House upon Thursday last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Report, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report should be taken into further Consideration, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committedj

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Newn-ham,

Sir William Cunyng-hame:

'Mr. Rose,

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Michael Angelo [ Taylor: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far the Amendment in Fo. 25,1. 6. being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 25, 1. 6, which was, after " Wine,’’ to insert " Provided always, That nothing in " this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Dealer or Dealers in, or " Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, liable " to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, for or by " reason of any Sale of any Foreign Wine, whilst the " same shall be lying openly on the lawful Quays on " which such Wine shall have been first landed," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " or which shall have been received by

" Permit

1

22.

6l.

Duties on Vellum, lr.

Duties on Wines.

1,6 Geo. III. 885

" Permit into their private Cellar, for their own Consumption."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the First Amendment in Fo. 31, l.i, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The First Amendment in Fo. 31, 1. 1, which was, after " Wine," to insert " whether in Bottles or in " Calk, or any other Vessel or Vessels," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " not left than One Quart."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing certain Clauses in the Acts of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting taking out Certificates upon the Removal of Wine.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving to Persons accused of certain Offences against this Act, an Option to have a Trial by Jury.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into poor further Consideration the Report which was made from Returns, the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Distillery. consider of the Duties now payable upon fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made from Malt, Com, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, and also, upon Low Wines and Spirits, and allb, upon Licences taken out by Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines, or Spirits, from Corn, or Malt, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morniqg Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } 3°-

TeUers for the Noes, {: } »5'

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Commissioners of Excise and Customs, in certain Cafes, to restore Goods, Ships, or Carriages, seized as forfeited under this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Attorney General to enter a Noli prosequi in such same of Prosecution for Penalties as he shall think fit, as well with respect to the Part belonging to the Prosecutor, as to the Part belonging to His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 9, 1. 6, by leaving out the Words " or ought to " have."

And the Question being put,' That those Words Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 41.

Jovis, 8° die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1786;

Praters.

MR. Lister reported from the Committee, to whom Afcbeton’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *c- Estates’ Act for effectingan Exchange between Rebecca Assheton,

Widow, and the Right honourable J Earl of Salisbury,

of certain small Parts of their Estates, in the County of Herts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lister do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beaumont’s for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settlement Estates. made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont, Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the

Purchase

British

Fisheries.

Queen

Anne’s

Bounty.

Conviction

Felonies.

8^4

8° Jumi.

A. 1786.

Purchase of other Lands of HereditMAdMS, to be settled, fn like Mariner, in Lieu thereof, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Robert Button, Mr. Voting, fee.: And they are to meat (his Afternoon, at Rye of the Clock, in the Spanker’s Chamber.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, appointed to irttfulre into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their EnoOOraiment and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hoofs; That the Committee had - made a further Pregrefo in the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they hid directed him to report to the Hoofe; and he read the HepOrt in his Place} and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ott all such jBrif«A*caught Herrings as shall be landed froth any Boat* or Vessel, not entitled to a Tonftige Bounty, and shall afterwards be properly felted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty alter, the Rate of One Shilling per Barrel, and that such Bounty (halt tfe ekclafive of that which is paid on Herrings exported:

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table,

Ordered, That fudh a Number of Copies of the Aid Repdrt be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Houl'e.

The said Report is pfeferved amongst the other Tapers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed that Mr. Chester, from the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, Specimen of the Mode of " keeping the Account of Dyings augmented, by the

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, with the Revenue " arising from the First Fruits and Tenths, and from " private Benefactions:" And alfO,

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Tenths of the Clergy for the last Ten Years, distinguishing each Year; also, an Account of the Annual Expences paid by the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty out of the Revenues of First Fruits and Tenths: And also,

A State , of the Average Annual Produce of the lietfeniie of die first Pruitt of the Clergy for the last Ten Years, with (he Outgoings for One Year; And also,

A Taper, intituled, " Letters Patent, 3d " Hid Anne:" And also,

A Taper, intituled, " Letters Patent, 5th March,

" Ytlth Anrie.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tkles of the said Papers, Account, And State, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, Account, and State, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said PapCrs, Account, and State, are preserved afnOOgft. the other Papers of this Session.

f The House being informed that Mr. im, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the DoOr; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prCfertted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Returns of Periods oonvifoad of Felonies, their

Offences, and the Sentences passed on (och Felons, on the several Circuits of England and Wales, and at the several Sessions of Gaol Deb* very held at the Old Bailey, in the Year 1785, And in the present Year; vie.

N° 1. Home Circuit.

N* 2.\ N */

Midland Circuit.

N° 4. Oxford Circuit.

N° 5. Norfolk Circuit.

N Northern Circuit.

N° 8. Western Circuk.

N* ?oJWe 6f Ely'

N' Circuit.

N* \\3ANorth Wales Circuit.

N° 15.]

N° 16. [Chester Circuit.

N; l7J

N* 19 }^^ Radey Sessions.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

Ana then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy in*... of the Propofol made by the Directors of the India Bond Debt-Company, for bringing Home and paying the Company’ar Indian Bond Debt in England.

An ingrafted Bill to continue several Laws relating Expiring to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation Laws, of Naval Stores from the British Colonies, in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of -

made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, direCfcly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec ip America -, to the discontfriuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Talk*, Hogs Lard, attd Greafo; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repeating the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; to the registertng the Prices at which Com is fold in toe several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great; and

to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confomed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp arid rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to Continue several Laws relating to the giving farther Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the Allowance upon the Exportation of made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the

Manufacture

i6 Geo. III. %°Junii. 885

Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great and

navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into thi6 Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Com is fold in the several Counties of Great and the Quantity

exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties on An ingossed Bill for enforcing an Act, made in the Tobacco. ]aft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco," and for altering the Discounts on the prompt Payment of the Duties on Tobacco, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 15, To leave out from " fame" to " Provided," in Line 31, and in-v fert " according to the Weights

" of such Tobacco taken by the " proper Officers of the Customs " on landing of the fame, at the " Importation thereof," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations and the United States of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties on An ingossed Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch. Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. I

I Hands of The House was moved, That the Order, made upon St. Euflatius, Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Tuesday "c‘ next, at Twelve of the Clock, the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty's Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also, ail Monies Vox.. 41.

which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whole Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the same according to the written InstruCfcions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March, 1781, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Difliiluiy. consider of the Duties now payable upon fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, and allb upon Low Wines and Spirits, and also upon Licences taken out by Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, from Corn or Malt, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report] be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Petition of his Exchequer Grace Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor, Philip Earl of Hardwicke, George Nugent Marquis of Buckingham, n" the Honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Edward Roberts, Esquire, late Deputy to Sir Edward Walpole, late Clerk of the Pells, which was presented to the House upon the lft Day of May last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tlte Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Coal* u(Vd in Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ^ofAnslt* whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties ‘ upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and _ in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Light Hou(V». the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britan, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

to Q Ordered,

886 8° — 9°

Ordered, That the said Report be received open Monday Morning next

Charge* The House was moved, That the Order made upon against Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a' Com- Mr. Hauings. mjttee of whole House, upon Monday next, to cori-fider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mifdfemeainofs against Hastings,

Esquire, late Governbr Generat of Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being rdad accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Militia. Ordered, That Mr. Young do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed.

Mr. Young accordingly reposted from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the fcoramittee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (C) being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (C) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, declaring, That at the jFirll fleeting for Annual Exercise, the Commanding Officer shall cause fuel) a Number of Men to be ballotted as shall be equal to Two Thirds of the compleat Number, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. , .

{Mr, Edward James 1 Etipt, > 49.

Mr. Young: I

f Mr. Mar sham, , J

Tellers for the Noes, ! Mr. Alderman Saxv- >13.

I . bridge: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing Persons, having more than One Child, from offering themselves as Substitutes.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lands taken Mr. James Liilirell presented to the House, pursuant yr d cic to the Directions offeverhl AHs Of Parliament, ttr ' A Paper, intituled, " Decrees and Judgment of the Commissioners impowered by His Majesty for carrying " into Execution Jin AH Of PwRahterit, made in the " Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, in " Trustees, ifor the further feciiring His Majesty’s Docks,

" Ships, and Stores at hnd for the more

" fhfe and convenient carrying ‘on of His Majesty’s " Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of " Favers'ham Arid also,

Justii. 17

A Pajfer, intituled, Decreed atxf Judgmeat of the " Commissioners iiripowered1 by His Majesty for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made " in the Twenty-fourth Yeas of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands,

" Tenements, and Hefedkatnents* in Trustees, for better " feciiring His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at " Portsmouth and Plymouth, and also for re-vesting " certain Messuages, Larida, Tenements, and Hereditamentt, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall) and " Deism, in the former Proprietors tlrereof; and for other " PdrpOfes therein mentionedAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Judgments and Decrees of the " Commissioners hnpowered by His Majesty for carrying " into Execution an Act of Parliament* made in the " Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better " securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at " Portsmouth and Plymouth, and also for fe-veftiifg " certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and " Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Haslemere the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the eleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County Of Surrey, in the room of Thomas Postlethwai/e, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Bill for amending, and reducing Militia, into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till To-rfiorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vtfttris, 9* Justii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 178C.

Prat eus.

AN ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and CoalTradt.

reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeufurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Wand that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, las lies In the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Rtsohed, That the Bill do puts: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several AHs passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeafarement of Coals within the City

6 Geo. III. 9 Jun887

City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That the Earl of Surrey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Attanues in The House was moved. That the Petition of Thomas Court. ^or* Beach> mlliam Nash, George Rhodes, and William Win-dale, the Four Attornies of the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to* the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Neumham, 8c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edinburgh Sir Adam Fcrgusson presented to the House, aecord-Streets, See. ing Order, a Bill for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh, for opening a Communication from Queens Street to Broughton Loan’, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

N. Shields Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do make the Waterworks. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better supplying with Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping resorting to the Harbour of the said Town, was committed.

Sir William Middleton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stanhope’s, Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttleworth, Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates lo to be sold in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for confirming the Ele£lion made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined die Allegations of the BH1, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vo l. 41.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Barking the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vicar&ge applying Part of the Trull Fund which was given by the House‘

Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the Vicarage House of the Parish of in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with — out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, PoorRetums. to whom the Bill fof obliging the Overseers of the Poor, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

o

Ordered, That the Court of Directors of the East F.aft India India Company do lay before this House, an Account Annuities, of the Sum subscribed, and now standing, in Annuities, called East India Annuities, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-third of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for giving further Time to the Proprietors of " Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum " per Annum, to subscribe the same in the Manner,

" and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for " redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not " be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India " Company to raise certain Sums by transferrable " Annuities."

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from India Bond the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; ha was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of the Proposal made by the Directors of the East India Company, for bringing Home and paying the Company’s Indian Bond Debt in England: And also,

An Account of what was subscribed, and is now standing, in Annuities called East India Annuities, pursuant to the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, Chapter the 22d.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Account were read.

Ordered,

888

9° Junii. 17 86.

Adjourn-

ment.

Exchequer Fees on Pensions.

Marston

Biggott

Church.

Duties on Stamped Vellum. &c.

Shipping and Navigation*

Ordered, That the said Copy and Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

The said Copy and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of his Grace Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor, Philip Earl of Hardwicke, George Nugent Marquis of Buckingham, the Honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Edward Roberts, Esquire, late Deputy to Sir Edward Walpole, lateClerk of the Pells, be nowread.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle, of Marston, in England, to pull down the present Parish Church of Marston Biggott, otherwise Marston Bygood, in the County of Somerset, and for building a new Parish Church there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom, or State, from Lots by Fire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Scotch Committee of die whole House, to whom it was referred Distillery. to consider of the Duties now payable upon fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, and also, upon Low Wines, and Spirits, and also, upon Licences taken out by Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Malt, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Rates and Duties now payable upon fermented Wort, or Walh, brewed or made from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or from Cyder, Perry, or other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or from Worts or Walh made from Melasses or Sugar, or from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) or any Mixture therewith; and also upon Low Wines and Spirits; and also upon Licences taken out by Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Malt, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do cease, and be discontinued, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Yearly Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings Sterling be charged for and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be ul’ed or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn,

Grain, Malt, Tilts, or Cyder or Perry, or other Walh or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, or which shall be erected, kept, or used within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller, or Maker of Corn Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Yearly Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling be charged for and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Me-lasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or which shall be erefited, kept, or used within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller, or Maker of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Yearly Duty of Three Pounds Sterling be charged for and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar) or any Mixture therewith, or which shall be erected, kept, or used within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller, or Maker of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Shillings Sterling per Gallon be laid upon all Spirits brewed or made from Corn, Malt,

Grain, or Tilts, or from Cyder, Perry, or other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or from Worts or Walh made from Melasses or Sugar, or from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) or any Mixture therewith, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be imported into England from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The

26 Geo. III. 9° Jan $89

The fidd Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rutter, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eli, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coolider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1786, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Total Charge of completing the Building intended to be built at the Expence of the Public near the Office of Admiralty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive) the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbertalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Milica Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare

Estimate. an Efthnaite of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of die Militia, for the Year 1786.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Management The House was mowed, That an Act, made in the last of Taxes. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain " Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of " Exdfe and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively,

" to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and " also far making further Provisions in respect to the said " Duties so transferred," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, so much of the said Act as relates to the Duty on Hories;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " so much " of," and also the Words " as relates to the Duty " on Horses."

And the Question being put, That the Words so " much of" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words *f as " relates to the Duty on Horses" stand Part of the Question;

Vo l. 41.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, befog put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act:

And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an American Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Loy&lifts. Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into die Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State chelsea of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies Hospital. voted for the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Duties 01* Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing certain Wines. Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring. That Officers of the Excise shall not enter Warehouses, 8$c. in the Night, without Oath being first made before a Justice of the Peace, of probable Cause of Suspicion of Concealment;

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to exempt Retailers of Wine from taking out the Retail Licence they are now liable to.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That no Wine shall be liable to be forfeited on Account of the fractional Parts of a Gallon not befog mentioned in the Permit from the Quays.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That if in same of Accident the Time limited by the Permit shall expire, then the fefoed Calk shall be delivered up, on the Person to whom it belongs entering into a Recognizance before a Justice of the Peace to prove the Cause of the Delay.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for foffifting a Penalty on Persons forging or counterfeiting the Certificate or Indorsement.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read Twice, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with the Words " Five handled Pounds;"

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Claafe.

The House accordingly resolved kself into the said Committee.

10 R Mr.

East India Company’s

Capital.

890

9* — -12° Junii.

.1786.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which' the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 7.

Pr.

Pr.

48.

52.

16.

5.

1. 8.

1: 22.

1. 23.

After " Night" to insert " upon " his or their Request."

To leave out " by Wholesale."

After " for " to insert " any or either " of," and to leave out " Penalty" and insert " Penalties" instead thereof.

To leave out " the said " and insert " such " instead thereof, and after " Penalty " to insert " or Penalties."

To leave out " the said " and insert " such " instead thereof.

After " Penalty " to insert " or Penalties."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the N oes,

’ So it was resolved in Title be, an ACk for

Mr. Edward James

> 71.

Mr. Rose:

Mr. Alderman -

Mr. Alderman Saw- ’

bridge:

the Affirmative: And that the repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;

Ordered, That the Five first of the Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 26th Day of May lasty by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the . laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Three first of the Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 31st Day of May last, by Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of die East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sweets* House, to consider of the present Duties on Sweets.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum Supply Bill; of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Lottery. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mea#*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12* die

Anno 26* Georgii IIIrtI Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Gilbert do carry to the Soathsm Lords the ingrafted Bill for the Encouragement of Whale the Southern Whale Fishery, and desire the Concurrence Fishery. of their. Lordships thereto.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for . better cleansing and lighting the said Town: for taking down certain old Buildings now standing the rein, and for ' removing and preventing other Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and

deliver

Greenland

Whale

Fishery.

Battens and Deals.

Cheltenham

Streets.

Impriftm-ment of Debtors.

t, 1

2,6 Geo. III.

12° Ju

Victualling Office Land Tax.

Exporting Wool, drc.

deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors consuming more; for-in the Period during which he Benefit. had been engaged in Business, he had known a Stock

And then the Messengers withdrew. of Wool generally remaining at the Time of the Iheer-

ing of the Sheep; but that for Four Years past, so far Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according from there being any Quantity remaining, there had

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits not been a Supply for the Manufacturer: He spoke of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the of the finer Sort of Wool only — That this must arise Victualling Office, sespectively, ratable to the Land Tax, from the Manufacturers being able to consume a in the Manor of East Smthfield, in the Tower Division, greater Quantity, or from a Deficiency on Account of in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said the Quantity sent out of the Kingdom; or else from Offices should be removed into any other Division or the Deficiency of a Quantity of the finer Wool, on Place: And the same was received; and read the First Account of the increased Growth of the coarser Kind

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the illicit Exportation of Wool, Live Sheep, Worsted, and Yarn, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Gilbert Affleck, Esquire, being examined, said, That he was Resident at Boulogne last June and July, and has seen, at different Times, Five or Six of the Smugglers Boats laden entirely with Wool, and for the most Part unwashed; and that he has afterwards seen the same Wool carried out of the Town in Waggon Loads.

Your Committee then called John Anstie, Esquire, who has been Chairman of several Meetings of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Wool, held for the Purpose of enquiring into the illicit Exportation of Wool, ever since September 178.4.

And being asked. What Proofs he had in his Possession of the Practice of smuggling British Wool, Yarn, and Live Sheep ? he said. He was possessed of the Informations communicated to him by several Persons examined at the above Meetings. — These Informations he delivered in to your Committee — they are annexed to this Report, in Appendix N* 1.

And being asked, Whether the Manufacturers conceived. that they were injured by the Exportation of such large Quantities of Wool? he said. They do conceive themselves to be essentially injured.

And being asked, What Sorts of British Wool the French covet most to be possessed of? he said, From the Information he had been able to get, he understood they most desire the Combing Wool of England', but he made, no Doubt that they are also desirous of considerable Quantifies of the Cloathing Wool of England.

And being asked. What induced Persons to fell Wool to the Smugglers in Preference to others? he said, The Temptation arises from the higher Price that the Smuggler gives for his Wool than what can be procured from the fair Dealer.

And being asked, What induces the French to give such an exorbitant Price for British Wool? he answered, That there may be various Reasons assigned for this — But, he did presume, from thelateft Observations he had been able to make from the Evidence communicated to him (of which before he confessed himself doubtful of) that it arises from the superior Quality of English Wool, and its being absolutely necessary to the French Manufacturers for producing particular Species of Goods; and that without such Wool (meaning the Combing Wool of England) he had Reason to believe that such Goods could not be produced.

And being asked, Whether he conceived that the Manufacturers of Great Britain were able to consume all the Wool Annually grown in the Kingdom ? he said. He did conceive that they are able to consume afi the Wool grown in general; and, from his own Experience, he was able to say, that they are capable of

Vol. 41.

of Wool, arising from the Introduction of a larger Breed of Sheep, and from the present Mode of Agriculture.

And being asked, Whether if a much greater Quantity of the finer Sort of Wool was grown in England, he apprehended there would be a Market for it, without felling any Part of it to Foreigners ? he said. He spoke with a Degree of Certainty that there would.

And being asked, What Steps had been taken by the Manufacturers to prevent the Exportation of Wool? he said, It was resolved, at the First Meeting, that the Practice did exist, from the Evidence he has produced; — That at the Second Meeting, in December 1784. a Memorial was agreed on to be presented to the Lords of the Treasury, stating the Grievances of the Manufacturers, and requesting that the present Laws might be duly enforced; — That in 1785, Abstracts of the present Laws were published by the Chairman of the Meeting, and distributed into various Parts of the Kingdom; Rewards were also held out to any Persons who would make Discovery of Offences against the Laws in being; — That they continued their Meetings, receiving various Informations, rill about February last, when the Gentlemen of Exeter, and also the Wool Dealers in Kent, requested a General Meeting might be held by the Manufacturers and others in London; at which Meeting it was unanimously determined to apply to Parliament for Relief, by obtaining a Repeal of all the present Laws, and that a more effectual Law might be enacted.

And being asked. What was the Price of the finer Sort of Wool be spoke of? he said, He spoke of Wool worth from Sixteen Pence to Two Shillings per lb.

And being asked. Whether that Wool was worth more now than it was before the American War? he said, That it was worth Three Pence per lb. more now, speaking within Compass; and that the finer Sort of the Combing Wool, that the French are most desirous of, has increased in Price Two Pence per lb.

And being asked, Whether he had received any Account from the Custom House of the Quantity of Wool seized ? he answered, That he requested to be favoured with an Account of all Wool that had been seized in the Years 1784 and 1785, specifying the particular Places where the Seizures were made, and distinguishing those Parcels that were actually condemned, from those that were either given up, or remained in a State of Suspence. — And he produced to Your Committee the original Account which he had received from the Custom House, together with an Abstract, which he had taken therefrom of the Quantity of Wool actually condemned: Which Abstract is hereunto annexed, in Appendix N° 2.

And the Witness added. That he had received within a Fortnight, from a Wool Dealer in Cornwall, who had been employed to communicate Intelligence respecting the Exportation of Wool, an Account of a Seizure of Worsted Yam of about 240 lbs. and about 15 C.wt. more had been rescued by the Smugglers.

He likewise produced Two Letters from France, containing Orders for Wool from; and point-

ing out the Method by which such Wool might be exported.

﻿i a° Ju

1786.

Exporting Wool, &c.

exported. — Translations of which are annexed, in Appendix N* 3.

And he stated, That in Justice to the Character of the Person to whom they were addressed, he, the Wit-nefe, thought hiraself bound to declare, that he bad Reason to know that such Orders were absolutely refuted to be complied with.

And he concluded with saying, That, exclusive of the foregoing Fa&s, which were chiefly collected during the Time he acted as Chairman of the Meetings in the Country of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Wool, and others intereffced therein; a great many strong and important Fads and Circumstances had come to his Knowledge since his Arrival in Town, where he had also acted as Chairman of the Meetings held by the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others interested in the Woollen Trade, for the express Purpose of enquiring into the illicit Exportation of Wool, and the several Frauds and Abuses above-mentioned; Which additional Evidence he should be ready to give whenever called upon so to do.

APPENDIX, N* 1.

Evidence and Information respecting the illicit Exportation of Wool — produced by Mr. Anstie.

Mr. Brown.

In the Beginning of August I bought Wool of a Fanner in the South Coast of Dorset. — After weighing, he tells me, Had not the Lugger been taken, Sir, the other Day, this would not have come to your Share. — For Years pall I have fold it to France.

Mr. George Oakley.

I was lately applied to by a Smuggler of Wool; he evidently was not a Judge of the Article — Without enquiring its Quality, he offered me 1 s. per Pound by the Hundred Weight. — I refused, presuming he meant to export it, from the high Price he offered to me; and hinting my Idea, he told me, that was no Business of mine; he would pay me for it immediately.

Mr. Hine.

I have been lately in London, where I met a particular Friend, a Merchant of Ostend. — He allured me, he had been often applied to in the strongest Terms, to buy jEnglish Wool for France — has often seen Quantities at Ostend', at Times 100 Bags together.

Mr. Richard Oakley Read a Letter from a Person at St. Makes, by the Hand of a Smuggler, with Orders for* any Quantity of Wool; at the same time quoting the different Sorts he would buy, and the Prices he would offer, which were considerably higher than the Current Prices; consequently, might be a Temptation to many to fell their Wool.

Mr. Samuel

In Conversation with Mr. Jones of Hastings, a Custom House Officer, Jams informed him, that he had lately seized 20 Packages of English Wool, which were sold by public Sale at Hastings — That One Package, in particular, being marked by him with a private Mark, was bought by a Woolstapler in that Neighbourhood, and mat such Package, so marked by Jones, was. a Second Time feised and brought again into the same Port.

In the Month of June lall, Mr. Reynolds, Draper in Dover, informed said Mr. Wathen, that, being at

Boulogne, in France, he saw Two Vessels come into that Port laden with English Wool.

Mr. Follett.

In July 1783, he saw in C a Ship unloading and that die principal Part of the Cargo, if not

the Whole, conftfted of English Wool; and that the Burthen of such Vessel was about *200 or 300 Tons.

Mr. Boughton Was some Time finee at Dunkirk, and saw a Cargo of English Wool landed.

Mr. William James Has been often applied to to purchase English Wool for France; but refused, knowing the Hazard of such Trade; was told by a Person, that same was a profitable Trade, and that he had lately received about 80 Packs that Way: That he has frequently seen large Quantities of English Wool in FranceThat die Quantity of Wool allowed for Guernsey, Jersey, 8cc. is more than is made ufie of in such Islands, and that the Overplus is usually lent to France.

Mr. Thomas Collins Was lately in Company with a Farmer in the Neighbourhood of Sherborn, who informed him that a Person who came to purchase his Sheep, in Discourse concerning the Price of them, informed him, that if he purchased such Sheep, they were intended to be sent to France.

Mr. Anstie,

The Chairman, having, in a Letter to Charles Baring, Esquire, intimated, that when he was at he was informed by a Person of Reputation, that an English Vessel belonging to a Port in Devonshire had lately been strandea near Cherburgh, loaden with English Wool, and that Ihe had made Two Trips that Season laden with the same Commodity — The following Answer was received.

Mr. Charles;

That the Chance, Captain John Ford, used the Coalting Trade occasionally, and sometimes smuggled: He is supposed to have bought the Wool from Combers, and not from Farmers.

Mr. John Simpson Deposed on Oath, That being in the County of Norfolk to buy Wool, he applied to a Wool Dealer to purchase his Wool: That the Price could not then be fixed, as he was informed another Person was to fee it the next Day: That be was at the Wool Grower's with the said Person the next Day, who purchased the Wool at an advanced Price of 1 6d. per Tod. — After

the Person was gone, Mr. Simpson hinted to the Grower that the Person was a Smuggler, and he confessed that he was — Being alarmed by Mr. Simpson’s informing him what Penalties he was subject to, he declined felling the Wool to the said Person, and Mr. Simpson afterwards bought the Wool at a left Price; and on examining the Wool, it was made up in small Quantities, tied round with Banda — Mr. Simpson was informed, that the said Person had bought Wool, in that Neighbourhood only, to the Amount of 1,000 L Sterling.

The Chairman has received repeated Accounts of Persons felling Wool in the County of Norfolk to Smugglers, though they are not particular enough to be given in.

Copy of a Letter from a Gentleman at Flanders, dated 17th November 1784.

At Dunkirk I find considerable Quantities of Wool are imported, in Packages of 150 to 200 Pounds Weight^ brought over principally in small Lug-fail Boats from the Shores opposite, that, by giving a Commission, can, at almost any Time, buy from too to 10,000 Pounds Weight.

One of my Friends have lent me a Sample of Combed English Wool, which, he lays, sold at 40 French Sola per Pound, neatly done up in twilled

Bundles,

a 6 Geo. III.

i a" Junii.

893

Bundles, of which, he fays, Two or Three thousand Pouods Weight might be procured immediately.

Account of a Seizure of Wool.

In June 1784, an Officer of the Customs, on ad

information, seized in The Dawns, on Board The deaoour, Wilburn Elliott, for Dunkirk, 8 Bales, Weight 2,456 lbs. of English Wool — It appeared they were shipped as Slops, and so specified in the Cocket, and consigned to Dunkirk; the Ship was for some Time detained, but at Length permitted to proceed.

Information of Mr. Peter Maber.

That being at Dunkirk a few Years ago, he saw a Quantity of Wool, which, he would make Oath, was of the Growth of England; and that the Malter of the Vessel with whom he returned to England, offered to take any Quantity of Combing Wool from him he could procure, at a Price much superior to what it would yield at the English Market. — That he believes, from the Information he has obtained, that great Quantities of Wool are constantly smuggled to France.

Extra# from the private Book of a Bankrupt (the Original having been put into the Hands of the Chairman) as delivered by him to the Affigoee of the Bankrupt’s Estate.

APPENDIX, N* 2.

Exporting Wool, &c.

An Account of Wool seized and condemned in the

Year 1784-5; specifying the particular Places the Seizures were made. where

In the Year 1784. Lbs. In the Year 1785. Lbs.

London - - 2,751 London - 204

Hastings - - 604 Deale 749

Berwick - - 1,470 Dover 137

Deale - - 943 Faversham 512

Chichester - 243 Hull 2,640

Dover - 28 Rye - 4,330

Folkstone - 390 Hastings - 1,388

Harwich - - 11,520 Ramsgate 601

Ipswich - - 12,558 Margate - 3,112

Penzance - 50 Poole - - 3,296 Rye - - 8,409 Woodbridge 36

42,262 Lbs.

13,709 Lbs,

Wool fold and paid for, which was exported from February 19th 1779 to October 1780 -

c

5,855

19

d.

8

An Officer of His Majesty’s Navy also informed the Chairman, that as he was walking on the Quay at Boulogne, he saw several Bags of English Wool landed from a small Vessel.

And a Lady, who has resided with her Father for many Years at Boulogne, being lately in England, declared, that never a week passed without Wool and Live Sheep being brought into that Port from England.

Mr. Anstie, The Chairman, is in Possession of several Facts that would lead to criminate several Persons; but he is not willing to involve them in Charges for what has been done some Time pad, and therefore he chuses to withhold such Accounts, conceiving that they are not necessary to establish the Truth of what is so fully proved from other Circumstances.

He has been informed, in Confidence, that One House in France has received Wool from England Annually, to the Amount of 50,0001. Sterling, and he can rely on the Veracity of the Information.

On examining at the Custom House, what Quantity of Wool was on Board a Vessel lately brought into Margate, he found that it amounted to above 3,000 Pounds Weight; and as there were Six other Vessels in Company, laden with the same Commodity, that made their Escape, it appears that full 100 Packs were sent off at One Time.

Vo l. 41.

An Account of Woollen Yarn seized and condemned in the Year 1785.

London - - - 1,106 Lbs.

APPENDIX, N* 3-

Translation of a Copy of Two Letters transmitted from Mons Del Porte, Merchant at Boulogne, to Mr. Decafour, Wool-comber at Canterbury.

Sir, Boulogne, 31st October 1775.

If you can furniffi me, in a Port of France, such as, Dunkirk, Calais, or this Place, with very fine White Wool of the finefr Quality, I will take One hundred Pounds Weight for Sample — It is for a Manufacture of Breeches Pieces which I have here — but I mult have the very First Quality, combed twice — Can you not easily fend it to Dunkirk or Calais by the Smugglers of your Parts, who go to those Places to fetch Brandy; or else fend it to London by Sea ? — Bales of Stuffs are never examined in England on Exportation — You may make the Tops of a Pound and Half or Two Pounds each; tie them tight, put them under a Press, then pack them as if they were Stuffs, and fend them to London to any Friend of yours who is a confidential Man; or otherwise to Folkstone or Rye — Let them be cleared out as Calimancoes or Stockings — I have at London a Captain of a Ship for this Place, a very l’afe and confidential Man, who would take them on Board after the Rate of Three Pence per Pound.

Answer — and the Price of these Sorts of Wool, delivered in France.

I have the Honour to be perfectly, Sir,

Your moll obedient Servant

Boulogne, 7th Nov. 1775. Since the Letter that I had the Honor of writing you, Sir, last Week, for White Wool, I have found out an Opportunity of getting it over to France. — It will be very easy for you to fend it to Dover; and you will run no Risque in doing it, as you do not export it to France. I will pay you punctually at the Time we shall agree upon, in Bills on London or Paris. — You may esquire my Character of my Friend, Mr. Claris, Silk-weaver at Canterbury. — If you are reasonable, I will take a great Deal of Wool from you in the Course of a Year; if not, I shall take it from others. — Inform me then the very lowest Price at which you will fell Wool by the Pound of France, of 16 Ounces, or the Pound of

10 S,

North

Shields

Waterworks.

Basingstoke

Inclosure.

Slaughtering

Horles.

Poor

Returns.

894 x Jumi. -<#.1786.

England, of 14 Ounces, combed Twice, of the very fined Quality — At what Price you will fell it combed Once; at what Price you will fell it combed Twice, and at what Price without being at all combed, only washed very clean with Water and Soap; or otherwise without being at all w'allied; but you*will take Care to fend the very fined and first Quality. — You will pack up these Tops very tight, and make them of Two Pounds each. — You may fird fend me a Hundred Pounds for Sample. — It mud be the very fined, rather long; above all, tightly packed, that it may take up little Room. — Give me an immediate Answer.----1 have the Honour to be, <§'C.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill for better supplying with Water the Town of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and the Shipping resorting to the Harbour of the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping resorting thereto, with Water.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 26. After " as" to insert " belong to " the Owners of Houses and " Tenements within the Town " of B

Pr. 33. 1. 30. After " Land" to insert " belonging to the fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Earl of Surrey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwarin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions, specified in the Bill relative to the State of the Poor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Trade, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeal’urement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Touer Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining and collecting the St. John Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, Southwark-maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 34. To leave out " at Saint Margard's

" Hill, Sou." 1. 35. At the End of the Line to add " and for."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the IndlJ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the East India Company be enabled to raise a Sum of Money, for the Purposes mentioned in their Petition, by the Sale of Thirty-six thousand Tw'O hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings, being an Annuity due to them from the Public, in Consideration of One Million Two hundred and Seven thousand Five hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings, Part of Four Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by the said Company to the Public under the Authority of several Acts of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Company be enabled to raise a further Sum, by adding Eight hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock to their present Capital of Three Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock, in future, Four Millions; and that such Addition be made by opening a Subscription to the Amount of the said Eight hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock, at the Rate of One hundred and Sixty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock, or at such other Rate as the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, shall direct; and that the Subscribers1 to the same be declared entitled to the like Profits, Benefits, and Privileges,

in

6 Ge6> III. i a0 yam8^5

in respect thereof, as the Proprietors of East India Stock are, or may be, entitled to in respect of their present Stock.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upota the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. tlose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dwtdas, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Mr.

Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. 'Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Militia. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain, called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies respecting of all Accounts and Estimates relating to Orders for * Importation of Tea, or to the Prices for Sale, or Quan-

tities put up to Sale, which have been laid before the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-fourth of George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing the fevered " Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in Lieu thereof; and also several Duties on " Inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of Cocoa " Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties " of Excise thereon."

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex-Company’s tracts of all Letters received by the Court of Directors

venue. 0p j?ast India Company, since the lft of January

last, relating to the probable future Amount of the Nett Surplus Revenues of the Company’s Possessions in India, and also of all Letters relating to the Amount of Sums which may probably be remitted, on the Company’s Account, from India to China, in the next Four Years.

Coals used in Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the Isle of Angle- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ejr* allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in

smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey, was committed, the Amend-mends which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Billl with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Vol. 41.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Fees on red to consider of the Petition of Ms Grace Henry Duke Pensions-of Newcastle, Auditor, Philip Earl of Hprdwicke, George Nng&ntMarquis of Buckingham, the Honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Edward Roberts, Esquire, ldte Deputy to Sir Edward iValpole, late Clerk of the Pells the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon Issues of Money which have been or shall be, made for the Payment of any Pension at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, (the Payment whereof has been transferred, by an Act passed in the Twenty-feconct Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the Treasury, or from the late Office of the Paymaster of the Pensions, to the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer) there be issued and paid to the Officers and Clerks of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, out of the Monies which have arilen, or shall arise, by any Savings accruing from Salaries and Fees of lupprcfled Offices, or out of any other of the Civil List Revenues, such Sums of Money as such Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer would have been entitled to have received as their legal Fees on the Issue of the like Sum of Money, under the Head of Secret or Special Service, or to the Paymaster of Pensions respectively: And that the said Officers and Clerks of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer may demand and take, upon all Pensions granted since the passing of the said Act, or hereafter to be granted, the like Fees of Two and a Half per Cent. which were heretofore paid to the late Paymaster of the Pensions, on Pensions paid at that Office.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Attorney Genera), do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. from issues on the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Addresses. in; and, at the Bar, pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Hughson also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to American the Secretary of the Commissioners' appointed to enquire Loyalists. into the Loifes of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

American Loyal ills.

12° Jutiii. A. 178

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament

To Arthur Benson, Gentleman, Clerk to the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries -Henry Hughs, Gentleman, for printing 1,500 Copies of the General Index to the first Seven Volumes of the Printed Journals of the House of Commons -Edward Webster, Esquire, as a Compensation for the Loss he sustained by removing the Turpentine Manufactory -John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Exjience of printing the Journals of the said House -Henry Hughs, Esquire for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, cgc. which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -

John Nichols, Esquire, for defrayin the Expence of printing am [ delivering the Votes of the House of Commons -Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay 40/. per Cent, upon the Sums found and allowed to the several Persons respectively by the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses and Services of such Persons as have suffered during the late DifTentions in America -

Sir William Chambers, Knight, Surveyor and Comptroller of His Majesty’s Works, to defray the Charges of erecting an Office for the Use of the Clerk of the Records in the Rolls &c. - -

From 5th July to

10th October 1785.

£. s. d. 220 -

500----

2,000 -

From 10th 0&. 1785 to

5th January 1786

£. s. d.

1,500-----

3,160 5 6 632 18 6

2,720 —

5,293 4 —

From 5 th January to

5th April 1786.

From 5th April to

5th July 1786.

£ s. d.

2,345 5 H

2,345 5 i?

£. s. d.

1,901----- i

1,901----£

2,720 -

5,293 4 — 2,345 5 if

12,259 9 2

Exchequer, the 12th Day of 1786.

John Hughson.

To

26 Geo. Ill

12° Jmii

897

Irish Cora imported.

Light

Hodes.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of the American Loy&lifts, which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Forster, Gentleman, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists -

Exchequer, the 12th Day of June 1786.

Between 5th July and 10th October 1785. 1 Between 10th October 1785, and 5th January 1786. Between 5th January and 5th April 1786. Between 5th April and 5th July 1786.

£ s. d. £ s‘ d. £ s. d. £ s- d.

M50 800 1,138 4 — 500 — — 1,450 800 — - — 1,138 4. —

£ 3>888 4 —

John Hug

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Iroing, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Foreign and Irish Corn and Grain imported Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, from the itt of January 1784 to the lit of May 1786 , distinguishing the Sorts of Corn and Grain so imported, and reduced to Winchester Measure, per Quarter; and also, an Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain, as certified from each and every Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Lancaster, from the lft of January 178410 the ift of May 1786, to the Collector of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of sundry Merchants and Ship Owners, in Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the Trade to Archangel in Russia, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is brought into Parliament, for erectine Four Light Houses in Scotland, One at Kin-nurds Head, or the North Point of Aberdeenshire, the Second on the Island of North Roneldsha, in The neys, the Third on the Point of Scalpa, in the Island of Skerries, and the Fourth on the Mull of Kintire, and that every Ship passing any of those Outward or Homeward-bound, either on Foreign Voyage, or Sailing Coastwise, are to pay One renny per Ton, Vat. 41.

Foreign Ships Two Pence per [Ton, and Greenland Ships, and those on any Northern Whale Fishery, to be excepted; and that the Petitioners conceive, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now stands, that their same would be Angularly hard, by subjecting the Ships employed from the East Side of England to Archangel in Russia to pay for Lights manifestly erected for the Use of Fishing Boats and Coasting Vessels; the' Archangel Trade, being conduced in large Ships fel-dom come near that Coast, and consequently are not likely to receive Benefit therefrom: And therefore* praying, That the same Exemption may be granted to those Ships that go and return from the East Side of England to Archangel as to the Greenland Ships, and those on any Norihern Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Suppty* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Xhat a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the erecting a Building adjoining the Admiralty Office, for the Purpose of procuring proper Accommodation for transacting the Business of the said Office, and for the more convenient Arrangement and Disposal of the Books, Maps, Charts and Papers, belonging thereto.

Resolved, That h is the Opinion of this Committee,

i£t That

898 11° Junii. A. 17

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thou land Seven hundred and Eighty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, mi building Bridged, in the Highlands of North , in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the QuestSon Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Charitable A Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all

Donations. Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Seoond Time.

Resobed\That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of die whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Costoms and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Excise Laws. for the more effectual Punishment of Persons going armed and disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs and Excise, and for the further Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resohxd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Sweets. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present Duties on Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties charged on Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duties paid at the Excise Office in Scotland fix* Sweets, from the Year 1720 to the present Time, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the find Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refemed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert repotted from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolunoos; which they had directed him to report, when (be House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered \That Rich a Number of Copies of the ^4Indl* Three first of the Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 31st Day of May last, by Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India Company, he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ditto. Proposal made by the Directors of the East India Company, for bringing Home and paying the Company’s Indian Bond Debt in England, which was presented to the House, upon Friday last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do make the Report Light from the Committee of the whole House, to whom House*. the Bill for eroding certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Dempster accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House British to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fifoerie*. to consider of the Report which, upon the 4th Day of May last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Exteofion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> Lottery, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be rafted by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means’

n° — 3° Juttii.

EUdioDt —

County

Voters,

26 Geo. III.

to cotrfider further of Ways and Means for the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn., ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the D&y being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the

899

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the Hdufe, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and noticing, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned;

32.

10.

Hoy a] Afient

oyai 1 Bills.

better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of was committed; W, the Lord Archbishop of the Lord A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President ‘k* ' of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and

notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain:

An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Sms and Doris's Streights:

An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more eflfeftually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine re-landing of Goods:

An Act to continue and render more eflFeftual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls, on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts:

An Act for raising a competent Sum of Money, to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen, Patrols, and Beadles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster:

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and for the Removal of pretent, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for paving the Foot Ways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now (landing the rein, and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Post ling, Elkam, Paddles-

worth, Acris, Stringjidd, and Hawktnge, in the County of Kent:

An Act for more eflfeftually repairing, and keeping in RepaUr, so much of the Road from the Town of

Newcastle

That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question

The House divided. *

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,i~ *^r* Bankes,

I Mr. Steele:

Tellers for the Noes-P/wmer,

L Mr. Rolle:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 19, 1. 15, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 19^ k 15> which was, to fill the Blank with " Twenty Pounds," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Toner. for ’

{Mr. Walker Heneage,

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville: J

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division, by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, tilf Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

29.

2.

Mhrtts, 13* die Junii;

Anno 26° Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Pray ers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Vol. 41.

900 *3° Junii. A. 1786.

R#yai Aflfent Newcastle, upon Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as is within to Bills. the County of Northumberland:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne,' in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from to Chester, near the

Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and to Ghorsty

Hill:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cawden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lo far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of ill: County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant Building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford:

An Act to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Widow)

to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for ruling the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord and Lady and for making

a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage:

An Act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William Esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his Wife:

An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be Ibid.and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttleworth, Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold, in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life torrent Building and Repairing Leaies, and for con-

firming the Election made between the said Parties re-

spefting the said Estates:

An Act for effecting an Exchange between Rebecca Assheton, Widow, and the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain finall Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts:

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatic) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry, Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for fuhftituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the fame, and allb in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, and Waste Lands; and for making Compen-fetions in lieu thereof respectively:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Coals ufei.i Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead I.ofAngkfr Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Illeof Anglesey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the lile of Anglesey.

Ordered, That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Chelsea to their Order, Hospita).

State of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies voted for the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785.

And the Title of the said State was read.

The said State is as followeth; viz.

STATE

26 Geo. III.

i3* ymii.

901

STATE of the Surplus remaining in hie Exchequer of the Monies voted for the In and Out Pensioners

of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785.

Voted for In and Out Pensioners, &c». for 1785 . _

Voted on Guards and Garr\fonSj D°, being Poundage and Hospital on Foot Guards - - - . - -

In all

Received from the Exchequer, on Account of Chelsea for 1785

Surplus to be applied.

- £ s. d.

- 191,226 — 6

Horse and

- 9,828 5 —

- c 201,054 5 6

" — 179.485 12 3*

21,568 13 2*

War Office, 13th June 1786.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Th* Clink An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting,

Taring, Stc. and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Clink, or Bishop of Winchester’s Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey’, for the Removal of present, and preventing of future. Encroachments, 1ST uifances, and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Alley called Frying Pan Alley, leading from, the Borough of Southwark to the Parish Church of Saint Saviour aforesaid, and also Foul Lane, leading from the High Street in the said Borough towards the said Parish Church and the Public Market; and for making a new Street from Bandy Leg Walk to the Bank Side, in the said Liberty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink; or Bishop of Winchester’s Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Soutlacark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out Two New Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discoDtinuing the Passage through Globe Alley, and for shutting up, in the Night Time, the Way leading from Clink , in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-All Saint* Church, Newc&ftle upon Tyne.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to Vol. 41.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds called Belpar Ward and CheoinWard, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 200 Acres, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 160 Acres, who were Abroad; and that the whole Property interested n the Inclosure consists of 4,500 Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed ot by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was

10 U committed;

Duffield

Iiiclofurt.

Whichcot's

Estate.

Pay and Navy Office Land Tax.

Duties on Sweets.

Exchequer Fees on Pensions.

Supply.

902 1Jmii. A. 1786.

committed; That the Committee had examined the in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-true; and that the Parties concerned had given their eth;

Cenfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee; and that the Committee had directed hiip to That the Sum’ of Two Millions be granted to His report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-Table. first- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, m-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. tituled, " An Act for establishing an Agreement with

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. " the Governor and Company of the Bade of England,

Ordered, That Mr. f*opham do carry the Bill to the " for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards Lords, and acquaint them, that this Hoorfe hath1 agreed w the Supply for the Service of the Year One thou land

to the fame, without any Amendment. Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and charged upon

the Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of A Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Parliament, by an A6fc, made in the Twenty-fifth Year Coinmifffonters, Clerks, and' other Officers' of the Pay of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the " further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and* Tower, Millions advanced by the Governor and Company within the City of London, notwithstanding the said " of the Bank of England towards the Supply for the Offices should be removed into any other Division or " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Place, was read a Second Time. " Eighty-one.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the of the whole House. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 22d Day of this Instant June, resolve Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply BUI; itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lottery, said Bill. granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to

be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amend- Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred which they had directed him to report to the House; to consider of the present Duties on Sweet* the Resolu- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards tions which the Committee had directed him to report delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the to the House; which he read in bia Place;, and after- Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; same were read; and are as followeth; viz. and, upon the Question fever&lly put hereupon, were

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House.

That an additional Duty of Six Shillings be laid upon Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be every Barrel of Sweets made fee Sals. iogrossed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty be subject and Liable Mr. Jenkimon presented to the House, pursuant to the Hemp ud to the respective additional Duties of Five Pounds per Directions of an Act of Parliament, Flax.

Centum, of Five Pounds per Centum, and of Five An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax Pounds per Centum, charged by three Acts, made raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second together with the Amount of the Claims for the Bounties Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to granted by Parliament, as exhibited to, and allowed by,

His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sef-the several Duties under the Management of the re- fions held in then' respective Counties, at Midsummer spective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in 1785: And also,

Great Britain. A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by The said Resolutions being severally read a Second " the Justices of the Peace for the within-mentioned

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Counties to the several Clerks of the Peace, for

agreed to by the House. " Bufinefe done under the Act for encouraging the '

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said " Growth of Hemp and Plax."

Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were the Exchequer, Mr. BuUer, the Marquis of Graham, reach

Mr. Edteard James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Steele, do prepare, and bring io, the fame. House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, amongst the other Papers of this Session.

a Bill to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the Iffoes of Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were Militia Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be appointed to prepare am Eferaate of the Charge of the Estimate. made, for the Payment of certain. Pensions at the Re- Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1786; ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer: And the same was That the Committee bed prepared an Estimate accord-received; and read the First Time. ingly, which they had directed him to report to the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House; and he read (fee Report in his Plaoe; and after-

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the wards delivered ft in- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Committee of the whole House; to whom it was re- feme was read:; and is as followeth; viz. for red to coafider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutkut which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read

ESTIMATE

1Junii.

9 05

36 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1786.

Pay to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s. per Diem each - ....

D* - - 1,542 Serjeants, at is. per Diem each ....

D* - - 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d. p^Diem each . ....

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6 d. per Diem each -

D* ' ’ 7° Drum Majors, at 6d. per Diem each -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, 50/. per j[nnum eacjj . _ -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, computed at -D* - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences,

at the Rate of 6a.per Month for each private Man and Drummer -

Clothing for 1,542 Serjeants, at 3/. 10 s. each - - ....

D* - for 1,200 Drummers, at 2/. each -

Additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at 1 /. each

L

I. s. d.

7,665-----

28,141 10 —

10,950-----

455 -

638 15 —

3,500-----

4,000-----

10,023-----

5,397 -

2,400-----

108-----

I 73.278 5 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mad Houses. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for regulating Mad Houses, for a " further Time therein limited,’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the find Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr.

T&wmkend, the Lord Mtdgi'Ove, vtA Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Stamped Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Vellum, tfcc. the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State, from Lois by Fire, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in hb Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that notbiag therein contained shall extend to Transfers of Stock in the public Companies.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrofied.

Hills of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

.Exchange. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland " Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Noteay " payable otherwise than upon Demand; and for " granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of F.rrh««g» V o I*. 41.

" Promissory and other Notes, and allb Stamp Duties " on Receipts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the said Act more effectual: And that Mr.

Rose, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the charges whole House, to consider further of the several Articles against of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Mr. Hastings. Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St.John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Articles.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon s,.

Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, thb Nav^atfon" Day, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Supply. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, thb Day, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the feud Order be discharged.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Frtday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee,

The

9°4

13°- — 15" Jmii.

A. 1786.

Ways and Means.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon other Division or Place; without any Amendment: And Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lymingtoo Act to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of an Road*-Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at , in the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And next, resolve itself into the said Committee. also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duties on And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for Starch.

mittee of the whole House, this Day, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered \That the said Order be discharged.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15° die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

P E a y e it s.

preventing Frauds on the said Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duties on Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Tobacco. Removal of* Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of j without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Expiring Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Laws.

Perfumery, A M F S A from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Lncouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores Hair Powder, x V. Mr. Thomson -

&C.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons

from the British Colonies in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Britisk-m&de Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Ma-

Scotch

Judges.

Scotch Judges of Admiralty.

uttering or vending the fame} without any Amendment: jesty>a Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in

a^> Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stamped province of Quebec, in; to the discontinuing the

Aellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part 01 Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue Laid, and Grease} to the permitting the free Importa-the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Par- tion of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom} to the

liament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Afties; Wood

Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for and Admiralty Court, in Scotland, and Commissary granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering Court of Edinburgh; without any Amendment: And the Prices at which Com is fold in the several Counties

a », ‘ ... of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and im-

Ihe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manu-

Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, fastures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to

and other Fees ot Court to the Judge of the Court of revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing

Admiralty, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges; without any Amendment: And also,

Scotch Lords The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of Session, &c. Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the

Southern

Whale

Fishery.

Pilchard

Fishery.

a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation 0? Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Middlefe* Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County Hvufe of of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein Correction. Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Bri- the said County} without any Amendment: And tain called Scotland] without any Amendment: And also,

also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Basingftoh

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Indofur*.

for the Encouragment of the Southern Whale Fishery; and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Paf-

without any'Amendment: And also, tures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke,

in the County of Southampton , without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Barking Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better re- Workhouse,

Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken,

cured, and exported; without any Amendment: And gulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the

Stamp Officers Land Tax.

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office, rateable to the Land Tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary It Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any

County of Essex, and for regulating the common Wharf within the Town of Barking; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made Inge’s by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to im- ElUte. power the Guardians of William Phillips Inge, Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities;

' ’ - and

i(> Geo. III.

i 5 ~ yunii.

905

Bam ford’s Eli ate.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed-

and also to make Exchanges of intermixed lands or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and A Bill for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Edinbur for opening a Communication from Queens Streets, Ac. Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the Street to Broughton Loan’, for enlarging the Burial several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City belonging to Arm^Bamford, Spinfeer, deceased, upon over Part of the Lands of Broughton, was read a Second

t, cl . Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 23. Leave out " Etchels.n

Leave *« apply" and insert " pay." Leave out from " for" to " reserving" in 1. 30, and insert " Estates " sufficient to induce Persons to " take such Leases, and to erect

Pr. 3. Pr. 9.

33-

1. 29.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Commit- Attornies in tee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Beach, William Lord Mayo* Nash, George Rhodes, and William Winddle, the Four ^ourt* Attornies of the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

Buildings on the Lands so de- Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

1- 33-

Grain

imported.

Crain

exported.

i€ mifed, such Leases."

After " Fine0 insert u lave as here-u inafter mentioned.’

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grain and Com imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 177* to Christmas 1781; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all British Grain and Com exported from that

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with rel’pest to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be " entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned," was read. And,

Mr. Nathaniel Highmore being examined, feid, That the Lord Mayor’s Court of the City of London is an inferior Court, and confined to the Limits of the City of London. That the Fees charged by the Petitioners, the Attornies practising the rein, are very small — That the Charge allowed for every Action entered in the said Court is no more than 5 * 4 out of Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas which the Duties payable by former Acts of Parlia-

1771 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing each Year.

Irish Grain imported at Liverpool.

Price* of Crain in L&noafter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Foreign and Grain and Corn imported Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, from the ill of January 1782 to the id of 1784; distinguish-

ing the Sorts of Grain and Com so imported, and reduced to Winchester Measure, per Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prices of Grain and Com, as certified from each and every Quarter Sessions of the Peace

Swathling

Road.

ment amount to 2 and the additional Duty

charged by the hereinbefore-mentioned Act amounts to the Sum of 2$. 6d. more, which leaves a Profit of 4 d.only to the Attorney suing out such Action —

That the Costs allowed in the said Court for every Common Bail is 6 s. out of which is paid to the Clerk of the Bails (including the Duties granted.by former Acts) the Sum of 3s. and that the Duty charged by the before-mentioned Act amounts to 2j. 6 whereby the Petitioners receive no Profit whatsoever by the Bails — That the Number of Causes proceeded upon in the said Court are very few In pro-holden for the County of Lancaster, to the Collector portion to the Number of Actions and Appearances; of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Liverpool, and that he apprehends there is not One Action in from the lft of January 1782 to the ill of January Twenty, in which any further Proceedings are had —

1784- That the Petitioners are admitted Attornies of the Superior Courts at W and are admitted Attornies

Mr. Thistlethwayte reported from the Committee, to of that Court by Purchase. whom the Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His pre- Table. v

sent Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, Beaumont'* Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Eftat*. Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton, was An Act for vesting the Estate comprised in the Set-committed; That the Committee had examined the dement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Thomas Beaumont, Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to fell and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, the fame, and apply the Money to arile by such Sale

in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettied, in like Manner, in lieu thereof, was

10 X committed;

and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read Vol. 4L

pa6 i 5<W>i6° Junii. A. 17 86.

cppimhed; That the Committee had examined the Attfc-gatfong of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeot to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the {Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

I Hands of St. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

EulUtius, See. thereunto subscribed, Officer* belonging to -His Majesty’s Navy, and entitled to a Distributive Share of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, and its Dependencies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having been informed that a Bill has been brought into the House for vesting in Trtyiees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at of near the I Hands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saif a, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s forces, in the Month of February 1781, and for other Purposes therein more particularly mentioned, beg Leave to represent to the House, that loon after the said Capture, Agents were appointed to dispose of the Property captured, and to divide and distribute the same according to His Majesty’s most gracious Instrutitiops for that Purpose, and the Petitioners know of no Instance of Misconduct in the said Agents, and are satisfied that the Delay of a Distribution of the said captured Property has been solely occasioned by the very great Number of Claims thereto and now depending; and that the Persons at whole Instance the said Bill was brought into the House, and who have in any Way afiented thereto, are very few in Number, and their Interest in the captured Property very small or inconsiderable; and, the Petitioners conceive that the said pill will not in any Degree tend to the Interest or Advantage of the Petitioners and the Captors in general, nor hasten or forward a Distribution of the captured Property, but will iubjeCi; the same to a very heavy and upneceflary Expence: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, at tye Bar of the House, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Sqint Eustatius, Splint Martin, and*and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in tpe Month of February 1781, and also, all Monies which, have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Safe thereof, or fe much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize* Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-pap, tyred by the Enemy, and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whose Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the same according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, be read a Secpnd Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Coup? fql, against the said Bill^ upon their Petition, if they think ft.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to heard, a£. the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order «£ the Day, for the Second Reading of I (W. of St. tye said Bill, being read; Euflatio#,*.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were galled jo.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Paul Maylor and Two of the Agents appointed to dispose of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, and its Dependencies, and to distribute the same among the several Persons entitled thereto, which was presented to the House upon the lft Day of this Inftent June-, and also, the Petition of the feyenal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Officers belonging to His Majesty’s Navy, and entitled to a Distributive Share of the Property captured at the Island of Saint Eustatius, and its Dependencies, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were dirf&ed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard, Mr. Secretary at War, 8$c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election* — the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better fe- County curing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was Voters* committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1& die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii III‘"' Regis, 1786.

Pkatehs.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Qjuartne, Yeoman Ulber RoyalAfat of the Black Rod: to Bilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring, His Royal AlTent to several Acts agreed upon, by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in tye House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House, wept up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, Tfrat the House, at. the De-lire of the Lqrds authorized by virtue, of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been, at fee House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great-Seal was read* giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Adept to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also irppoweriqg his Royal Highqeft the Prince of Wales, the Lord Areb? bifeop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain*, fee Lord Presideat of the Council* and feveiial other Lords, to declare, and notify the Rqyal Affirnt <9 the feed Bills; and that the Lend

o Archhiffiop

a6 Geo. Ill*

Junii.

907

ArchbHhop of Canterbury, the Earl,

Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission* accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; ©is:.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Statnp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justidary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court, in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh:

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties:

An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies to the

Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Hard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flex and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America:

An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in £ for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges:

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officert of the Stttnp Vol. 41.

Office, rateable to the Land Tax in Shire Lane Ward, Aftat

within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint to Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place:

An Act to enable the JulHces of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Monty, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County:

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of in

the County of Essex, and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking:

An Act to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in foe Fifth Year of foe Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in foe County of Southampton:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Which cot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fatme, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to empower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge, Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant Building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town or Birmingham, in foe County of Warwick:

An Act for vesting the Estate comprized in foe Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont, Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the lame, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in foe Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Manner, in lieu thereof:

An Act for applying a Part of foe Trull Fund which was given by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or re-building the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands^ and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

An ingrossed Bill for pulling down and re-building All Saints the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Charch, Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making U[^ Tyne. convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for pulling down and re-building the Church of All Saints, in foe Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging foe Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Chelworth foe Open Common Fields, Common Meadows; and Inclosure. Pallures, and also, a Piece of Common adjoining to Chthoorth Common, all within foe- Manors- and Tythtog of Great and Lttlk Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wiltb, was read for Third Time.

Rtsohxd, That foe Bill do pase: And that' the Tide be* An Act' for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the ’ Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, aha Pallures, and allb, a Piece of’ Common- adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Ty-fosn^ of Great and Link Chelworth, or One of them.

-ed by t

Swathling

Road.

Exchequer Fees on Panfions.

Duffield

Inclosure.

Bamford's

Estates.

Adjourn-

ment.

Shipping and Navigation.

16° Junii. A. 1786.

in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Walker Heneage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Sxmth-ting, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill

Heath, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords> and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ait ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds called Belpar Ward and Chevin Ward, in the Parish of in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons called Belper Ward and Chevin Ward, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of Duffield, Belper, Hazelwood, and Mackeney, within the Parish of Duffield, in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford, Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that several other

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Message from that he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ^own"8-signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous that an Inquiry should be made into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, in order that the same may be rendered as beneficial and productive as possible, recommends it to the House of Commons to take this Object into their Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon, as they shall judge to be most for the Public Benefit.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s' said Most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Charges Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a against Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven- Mr-Haft,n§!> night, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, do, perforate upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee attend, of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That Major Williams do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Duration of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Ptalianetti. Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman

Tellers for the Yeas, { bridge, 20.

[ The Earl of:

Mr. Phipps, "I

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Michael Angelo 53.

Taylor:

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered,

Supply.

46 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Order of the I>ay, for the H^fe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to

consider further of the Supply granted to His be now read.

And the said Order being read, accordingly;

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Compenfetion to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House> That His Majesty recommends to the Confederation of this House the making such Compensation to the said Commissioners, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do coulider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and, state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

al Motion being made. That it be an Instruaion to the said Committee, that they do consider of feme Allowance to be made to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalifis;

Mr. Chancellor^ of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of this House the making such Allowance to the said Commissioners, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of feme Allowance to be made to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalifis.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1786, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled " Decrees and " Judgment of the Commissioners impowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing " His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, " and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of " His Majesty’s Gun-powder Works and Mills near " the Town of Favershambe referred to the said " Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Decrees and " Judgment of the Commissioners impowered by His Majesty, for carrying into Execution an Act of Par

// 1* J _ a *1 XT___

yunii. 909

of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for veftfog certain Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Doeks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, and also for re-vesting certain Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the.

" Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in

" the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Statement of the Reports made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Commissioners appointed for inquiring into the Losses and Services of American Loyalists (which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Coeo# Nut# ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Coffee. House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Cocoa N uts and Coffee, granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for East Florida, appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses and Circumstances of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for American appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Loyalists. Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele

liament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for do prepare, and hring in, the fame. " vetting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks,

" Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth,

" and also for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of " Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former " Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," be referred to the said Committed

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Judgments Pare> a bring in, the fame.

" and Decrees of the Commissioners impowered by " His Majesty, for carrying into Execution an Act

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hackney explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty- Coaches, fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Act* of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches:" And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do pre-

Vo l. 41.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Putie* °a

10 Y better *!*', &c.

9*o 16° Junti. ^.1786.

better leaning the Duties on Paper, printed, punted, or stained, in Great Britain: And that Mr. Rote and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fees, &c,of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Offices. appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare and bring in, the lame.

Pawn- A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

brokers. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceiving the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment " of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue " Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; " and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," to far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, were beneficial to the Public, they Applied to the House, in the present Session for a Bill to make that Act perpetual, and to consolidate the former Acts passed for regulating the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker therewith, and to amend and render the same more effectual; and that the said Bill having been rejected in the House of Lords, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, and thereby the Petitioners, and others carrying on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, will be involved in all the Difficulties and Distresses respecting the Trade from which they were relieved by the Regulations contained in the said Act, and without which, they apprehend and believe, their Trade cannot be properly carried on; and that, as, from the latenels of the present Session, it may not be practicable to frame a new Act for the full and complete Alteration and Amendment of the Laws in being for regulating the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, the Petitioners apprehend, it may be expedient to continue the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for a limited Time: And therefore praying, That, as the Cause for their Application did not aril'e till after the Time fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed, they may be permitted to present a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to Continue the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Persons, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality.

Then a Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented

to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s- Reign, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Management a Bill to explain, amend, and fender more effectual, an of Taxei‘ Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from foe " Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of " Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for foe " Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties To transferred And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, East India a Bill to enable foe East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their apu Capital Stock: And the same was received; and read foe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That foe said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose, presented to the House, according to Bills of Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made Exchange, in foe Twenty-third Year of foe Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made " in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon " Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other " Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand; and " for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange,

" Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on " Receipts And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Scotch Order, a Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, Distillery. the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for. granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof:

And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near Laws, expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Inquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to foe House; and he read foe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britishmade Cordage, and for difoontinuing foe Drawbacks

" upon

Es

w,

26 Geo. III.

*< upon Foreign rough Hemp exportW,'1 which to be in Force from the ift Dw of 17Q&1 4v*^n8 the Term of Five Years, and non* thence to the of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which, by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, mqde in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upop the Exportation of British-made Cordage, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

.The said Resolutiop being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider

911

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 8th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Ifoufe refetlved jfself iqtp the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of fop Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Repqrt he received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Account* of the United Company of Merchants of England trading Te*» *c* to The East Indies, attepded at the Door; he was called

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts to their Orders, mentioned in foe said Resolution.

Rich’s

Estates.

Exporting

Wool,

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom iu Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the illicit Exportation of Wool, Live Sheep, Worsted, and Yarn, and to report the same to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir flarbord Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

’ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

«n«s.

British Fish- The Order of the Day befog read, lor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon foe 4th Day of May last, was made from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension;

Vol. 41.

N° 1. An Account of the Quantities of Teas put up to Sale since the passing of the Commutation Act:

And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Quantities of Teas fold since the Commutation Act took Place: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Quantities of Tea that will be in the Company’s Warehouses, unfold, on the lft of December 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, supposing the Ships to arrive as calculated or ordered: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Prices at which the Teas have been put up to Sale since passing the Commutation Act; also, an Account of the Cost, in China, of the Teas that arrived in England in 1784 and 1785, with the Freight, Interest, Insurance, and other Charges thereon: And also,

N° 5. A Paper, intituled, " Quantity and Assortment of Tea expected from China in 1787, according " to the Orders last lent outAnd also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, in Obedience " to their Order of the 12th June 1786."

Together with a List of the said Accounts, Estimate, and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Estimate, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts, Estimate, and Papers, are . preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, bd'ifbw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ch&ntxbl® ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dona on*‘ House, upon the Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Pe^fons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Northum-

berlaadWrit

N. Shields,

Water-

works.

The Clink Paving, kc'

Coal Trade.

Ditto.

Offences committed in the £. Indies.

912

19° Ju

A. 1786.

Lords

Luna, 19* die Junii;

Anno 26° Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

P r a r eas.

f\RDEREDt That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-'' rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of land., in the room of the Right honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Al Percy, now Lord

Lovain, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graces;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping retorting thereto, with Water; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the* County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future, Encroachments, N uifances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out Two New Streets, and widening and regulating fevered other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for (hutting up, in the Night Time, the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the fevered Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of

Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the fevered Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the ParHh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lime-house Hole, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Reaptation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and " of the British Poflessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual " Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in " The East Indies," as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to The East Indies; and, for the more eaiy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India; with

Tax.

some Amendments; to which Amendments the desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Bamford’* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Wil-Ham Bamford, Esquire, and the several other Persons

therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford,

Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Victualling Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Vic- °®ce Land tualling Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithjveld, in the Tower Division,

in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division, or Place, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Indent June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

Mr. Gilba't, according to Order, reported from the Sh- 1

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for and Naviga-the further Increase and Encouragement Of Shipping and tion. Navigation, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had. directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Harbord Harbord, according to Order, reported Exporting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Wool, *c. referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the illicit Exportation of Wool, Live Sheep, Worsted, and Yarn, and to report the same to the House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That large Quantities of Wool, Yarn, and Worsted, are illegally exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the several Acts of Parliament now in force for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as that the same may be reduced to, and made Use of as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, 1

into Foreign Parts, are ineffectual for the Purposes |

thereby intended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Acts of Parliament now in force, for preventing Frauds and Deceits in the winding of Fleece Wool, are defective and insufficient

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the more effectual Prevention of the Exportation

Charitable

donation*.

06 Geo. III.

9° Junii.

9*3

tation of Live Sheep, V oo\, and the other Art*4- es , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

before enumerated, and for better preventing Fraud* incorporating certain Persons, to be therein named, by

Deceits in the winding of rleece Wool, it is necevarjr the Nanoe and Style of 7 Society for extending

that the several Acts of Parliament now in Force rel^^Hg /^c Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this thereto be amended. dom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to purchase

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Time, were, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that agreed to by the House. ... Part of Great Britain called , and for other

Ordered, That a Bill be brou^t in upon the said Refo- Purposes And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dundas, lutions: And that Sir liar bora Harbord, Mr. Pketips, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the

Sir Edward Astley, and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Exchequer Fees on Pensions.

fame.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to

Ordered, That the Order of Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, upon the Bill to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the the liesolutions which the Committee had directed him Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on to report to the House; which he read in his Place; the Ifluesof Money which have been made, and shall ant* afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’9 Table: Where hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pen-

fions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, be now read. J 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; the same were read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be

ganted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make ompenfetiou to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trust repoled in them by Parliament;

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they and that said Sum be ifibed and paid without any had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Fee^or other Deduction whatsoever, thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, Thai the Report be received Tomorrow,

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Britain called England,'be now read/1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phelips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereutito, which they had directed him to report, when* the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Lottery

OQices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Tome Allowance to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee1, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied as a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have fullered in their Rights and Properties, as have given fetiafaftory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the " Losses and Services of all such Persons who have " suffered in their Rights Properties, and Professions, " during the late unhappy Dissentione in America, in " consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and *« Attachment to the British Government," to be distributed and paid, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion not exceeding Forty

‘The House was moved, That an Act, made in the pounds Centum to such of the said Persons as hore Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Arms, or rendered Services in America, and in a Pro-

jesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office " Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and more effectually carrying into Execution, the said Act: And that Mr. and

portion not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Centum such others of the said Persons as were resident in America during the War; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sinn, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Pounds,

British Fisheries and Scotch Towns.

Mr. Alderman Townsend do prepare, and bring in, the be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence *ame' of Allowances to be made for One Year, for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers and others, The House was moved, That the Order, made upon who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to the ad Day of this Instant June, "That Leave be given His Majesty’s Government.

" to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " be therein named, for building Towns, Villages, and That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight bunFishing Stations^ in the Highlands and Islands of that dred Eighty-eight Pounds, Four Shillings, be granted

to His Majesty, to make good the like* Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the Loyalists.

io Z Resolved,

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vol. 41.

oi4 19° Jun . 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds, Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuaace of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred and Thirty-two Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further

securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at " Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient

" carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and " Mills near the Town of F to make Compensation to the* Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Faversham, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to tlis Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting " certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in " Trustees, for better securing His Majestys Docks,

" Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, and " also for revefting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of " ampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprie-

" tors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near. Portsmouth, as have been purchased or damaged for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Twelve Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for " better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores " at Porlsmbuthand Plymouth, and also for re-vesting

certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall " and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof, and " for other Purposes therein mentioned," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands, and Hereditaments, at and near Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, and for Damages sustained, and Expences incurred, by several Persons, in consequence of an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Two hundred Ninety-nine Pounds, Ten Shillings, be grauted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, employing, or transpordng, Couvids for One Year.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Eighth,

Ninth, and Tenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Aldridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The‘House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seamen’s Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Powers of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encou- Attorney* " ragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy,

" and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual,

" frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and " for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the " fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families,

" and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such " Payments," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing ib much of the said Act as directs that the Powers of Attorney granted by inferior Officers and Seamen, shall be ligned before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside, or by a Clerk of the Cheque; and for otherwise preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty s Ships or Vessels: And that Mr. Dundas and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M*an». consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the State of the Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of the Monies voted for the In and Out 'Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accord- British Fishing to Order, a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, g"*c^nd to be therein named, by the Name and Style of The Towns. British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Crown Lauds. Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Friday last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the laid" Message into Consideration.

And

a6 Geo. III.

10° Junii.

915

Aud the same was again read by "Mr. Speaker. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a for

appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Stotts ^tid

1. 37] and}

38-J

Leave out " from henceforth."

Condition of the Woods, Loretta, and Land Revenues, The Laid Amendments being severally read a Second belonging to the Crown: And that Mr. Chancellor of Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor agreed to by the House.

General, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

prepare, and bring in, the fame. JLords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Offence* The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

committed in Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Reading of the Bill to enable the East India Company to Company’s the E. Indies. ^ft for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons raile Money by Sale of Annuites, and by increasing their Capital, a ecu fed of certain Offences committed in The East ’ J

Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act; for the better Regulation and " Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in and for

" establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy " and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences " committed in The East Indies'" as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully referring to The East Indies, and, for the more easy Proof,

in

Capital Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- £aft India counts, Eliimate, and Papers, which were presented to Accounts, the House upon Friday last, by Mr. Morton, from the *c- 10 be United Company of Merchants of England trading to pnnte ' The East Indies, be printed, as ih&U be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Air. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, re- British ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Fisherio*.

certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great whom it was referred to consider of the Report which,

Pr. 20.

L 13-

Pr. 26. L 3-

Britain or India.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as foioweth; viz.

1. 9. Leave out "fetisfying" and insert " submitting to.

After " direct" insert " Provided " always, That it shall and may " be lawful for the said Commissioners to order any Person,

‘ in Custody under any of the Provisions of this Act, to be from " Time to Time brought up, and " remanded, in such Manner as * to the said Commissioners shall " seem meet."

After " Demurrer" insert " unlefe " aW rit of Error shall be brought " thereon, and then within Eight " Days next " ment shall

" such Writ of Error shall be " non-prossed."

Leave out from " Prosecutor" to the End of the Clause, and insert the following Words, carry on " such Proceedings, and award " such and the like Process and 1* Processes, as is and are competent, by the Law of that Part of Great Britain called 45 Scotland, for Recovery of Debts due to the Crown."

’.eave out " property" and insert " proper."

-4ter " Offences" insert " which " shall be."

A er " committed " leave out " since," ind insert after."

Aftr " Eighty" leave out to " against"

»Line 24, and insert " Seven." Acte " Penalties " insert " to "be."

Leav» out " since" and insert " fter."

1. 3*. After Eighty" leave out to " for" in Le 33, and insert " Seven."

Pr. 29

\.\4\

Pr. 37* L *4-1. 20.

1. 21.

1. «3-1. 29. 1. 3°-

Vol. 41.

upon the 4th Day of May last, was made from the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension, the Resolurions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty which was granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, and which will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament, should not be renewed; but that, in the Place thereof, there should be given, on every Decked Vessel of not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, employed in the Herring Fishery, and fitted out and navigated according to Law, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton; and that, on. such Herrings as shall be landed from any such Vessel, after such Ju5g- during any One Year, there should be paid a Bounty be affirmed, or after the Rate of Four Shillings for every Barrel of Herrings Twice packed and completely cured; provided that; if the Number of Barrels of Herrings imported in such Vessel shall in any One Year exceed the Proportion of Two Barrels and a Half of Herrings, so packed and cured, for every Ton of the Vessel’s Burthen, there shall be paid, on every Barrel so exceeding the said Proportion, a Bounty of no more than One Shilling; which Inland Bounties of Four Shillings, and One Shilling, as the same may be, shall be exclusive of the Bounty granted on all Herring exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds, the Quantity of Herrings in any Cargo, entitled to the Bounty, shall be computed at the Time of their being un-shipped, while they are in the State in which they are denominated Sea Steeks, or Herrings not re-packed, and that Four Barrels of Herrings in that State shall be considered as equivalent to Three Barrels of Herrings packed a Second Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, on all such caught Herrings as (halt be

landed from any Boat, or Vessel, not entitled to a Tonnage Bounty, and shall afterwards be properly felted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty after the Rate of One Shilling per Barrel; and that such Bounty shall be exclusive of that which is paid on Herrings exported.

Resolved,

British

Fisheries*

916 190 Junii.1786.

Resolved., That for the Encouragement of the deep in the Fifeeries, or in the Tianfportation from one Place Sea Fitliery, on the North and North-Ealt Coasts of the to another of Fife, or of Salt for the Use of the Fisheries,

Island, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Pre- or for or on Account of the Payment of any Bounty miums of which the Total Amount in any One Year or Debenture on Fife, on Pain of forfeiting, for every feall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Guineas, feall, such Offence, Treble the Value of the Sum received, for a Time to be limited, be paid at the End of each together with Costs of Suit, and of being ipso facto dif-Season, to the Four Vessels that feall have taken in the charged and rendered incapable of serving His Majesty Course of that Season, in the aforesaid Fifeery, the in any Civil Office in future.

greatest Quantity of Herrings. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Fife Curers m every Part of Great Britain,

That all Duties, at this Time payable by Law oh such (b far as they are allowed by Law to employ, in the Herrings, Cod, Ling, and Salmon, or other Fifti, caught Cure of Fife Home-manufactured Salt, Duty-free, feall and cured by British Subjects, as are removed for Home be permitted to take the said Salt from any of the Salt Consumption, feall cease and determine. Works within the said Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That as, by the Duty on Coal carried Coast*

That the distinction of Haberdine, and not Haberdine, ways, the Inhabitants of many of the Distri&s of Scotland in the Cure of Cod, shall be abolished; and that the are deprived of the Benefit which the Abundance of Bounty of Three Shillings per Hundred Weight, at this Article in the neighbouring Distri&s would other-present payable on British Haberdine Cod exported, wife afford, it would, in the Opinion of this Committee, shall be paid on all British Cod exported, whether be highly expedient, that the Inhabitants of those Dif-Haberdine or not. trifts in Scotland, in which the said Duty is paid, feould,

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, for a Term of 'Years, be permitted Annually to raise,

That on all Barrels and Cafes, in which any Fife what- by Assessment, or other Mode of Commutation, a Sum ever (frefe Fife excepted) shall be packed, either for equal to that, which, on an Average of the last Five Exportation or Home Consumption, the respective Years, those Districts have Annually contributed to lh«

Names of the Curers shall be marked in conspicuous and said Duty, and feould, on that Condition, be liberate! permanent Characters: And that the Staves of all Bar- from this burthensome Impost.

rels, in which White Herrings shall be packed for Ex* The laid Resolutions being severally read a Secoid portation, feall not be of a left Thickness at the Bulge Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon than Half an Inch; and that all such Barrels shall be agreed to by the House.

full bound. Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in u>on

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Fourteen first of the said Resolutions: And feat That, for the Encouragement of the Fifeeries, the Right Mr. Mr. Dempster, Mr. , and Sir

of exercising any Trade or Calling, in any City, Town, or Adam Fergusson, do prepare, and bring in the same Borough, in the Kingdom, shall be extended to all such Persons as feall follow, for the Space of Seven fuc- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Scotch CmI cessive Years, the Occupation of a Seaman, or Fifeer- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoise, to Trade, man, on Board of any Vessel, or Vessels, employed in consider of the Duties now payable upon Coalscarried any of the Fifeeries of Great Britain. Coastways in that Part of Great Britain called Gotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That further Regulations feould be adopted, to prevent Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in i Bill to Office* »»<1 the Importation of frefe Fife taken by Foreigners. indemnify such Persons as have omitted to quaffy them-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify demnhy. That Red Herrings, and all other Fife, on which, if Justices of the Peace, or others, who have emitted to cured in England, and exported from England, or if register or deliver in their Qualifications withh the Time cured in Scotland, and exported from Scotland, a Bounty limited by Law, and for giving further Tine for those is payable by Law, feall also be entitled to that Bounty Purposes; and to indemnify Members anc Officers in if cured in England, and exported from Scotland, or if Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns whose Ad-cured in Scotland, and exported from England. miffioos have been omitted to be stamped according to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law, or, having been stamped, have been felt or mislaid,

That such Fife Curers as shall receive into their own and for allowing them Time to provide ^dmissions duly Custody, for the Purpose of preserving Fife, Salt of Ramped; and to give further Time to Aich Persons as British Manufacture, feall not be required to give any have omitted to make and file Affidavits if the Execution other Security respecting the said Salt, than their own of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And Bonds, justly and truly to account for the fame; and that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele, do prepae, and bring in, that Credit for such Quantities of the said Salt, as the fame, feall have been used and duly accounted for, feall

Annually be given, by the proper Officer, on the Back Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Haekwy of the said wind; and that such Bond shall continue a Bill for explaining and amending a* Act, made in the t-Wl*. in Force till a proper Account feall have been rendered Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-of the Whole of the Salt specified therein, or till the jesty, intituled, " An A for laying an additional Duty Duty shall be paid on the Deficiency. " on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amend-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " ing several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney That all Bonds, or other Securities, demandable from " CoachesAnd the same was received; and read the the Takers or Curers of Fife, or from the Matters or First Time,

Owners of Boats employed in the Fifeeries, or in the Resolved, That the Bill be reade. Second Time. 1 Exportation of Fife, or in the Conveyance of the fame

from one British Port to another, shall be written on Mr. Rose presented to the' House, according to Atneiican undamped Paper. Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to r.iyaliii*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, inquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Per-That no Officer shall be permitted to a(k or accept of fens who have differed in their Rights, Properties, and any Fee, or other Perquisite, for or on Account of any Professions during the late unhappy D men; ions in Transaction relative to any Vessel, or Boat, employed Americain consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty,

04 and

6 Geo. III.

190 Junii.

917

and Attachment to the British Government: And the Resolved, Thattliis Housewill, upon Wednesday'Morn-fuine was received; and read the First Time. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, upon the said Bill.

Duties on Paper.

Pawn-

brokers.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or ltained, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Joseph Christian, on Behalf of himself, Me of Man and all other the Merchants and Herring Curers of the Isle of Man, was-presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Island, previous to the Purchase of the Sovereignty of it by the Crown in the Year 1765, carried on a very considerable Trade with foreign Countries, as well as with Great Britain and Ireland, and, subsequent to such Purchase, sundry Acts of the British Legislature have passed for

and that several of the Islanders, upon Occasion of the Restraints and Difficulties to which their Trade was thus subjected, and which prevented them from carrying it on in its former Extent, emigrated to America, and other distant Countries, and the Inhabitants who remained in the Island had Recourse to the Extension of the Fisheries

4c. Of Offices.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty -fouvth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and restraining the Trade of the said Island, prohibiting the render more effectual, an A6fc, made in the Thirtieth Importation of various Goods and Merchandizes, and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the impofingDuties on such Imports as were allowed, whereby Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual great Advantages have accrued to the Public Revenue; Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by falle or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned and for preventing Gaming iti public Houses by J ourneymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful upon that and the neighbouring Coasts, and many of Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of them in particular vested their Property in the Erection Goods pawned: And the same was received; and read of large and expensive Buildings for smoking and curing the First Time. of Herrings for Exportation; and, that the said Fishery

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. has, hom Time immemorial, been carried on during

’ near Five Months in the Year, beginning in July, in

Ir. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, open Boats by Night, in an open, and frequently

a Rill for appointing Commissioners further to inquire bouterous Sea, and a considerable Number of Vessels,

into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, born 1 wenty to Sixty Ions Burthen, have been usually

'w'hich are, or have been lately, received in the several employed in collecting Fish Irom those Boats, as well for

Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any the L ie of the Island, as for different Markets when

-AHules which may exist in the fame, and to report fuerti

Observations as shall occur to them for the better con —

Coding and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill J Lottery.

cured, and in other Purposes connected with the Fishery; and that not only Sailors by Profession, but also Farmers and inferior Tradesmen. with their Sons and Servants, are employed in the Fishing Boats, to the Number of near Three thousand Persons, exclusive of those belonging to the larger Vessels, the whole Island forming, as it were, aNurfery of Seamen, and, the said Island furnished near Three thousand Sailors who served on Board His

An insrrofled Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Majesty’s Fleet in the Course of the late War; and that

Third Time. during the Period of Five Years immediately preceding

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Year 17S2 the Number of Barrels of cured Herrings be. An Act; for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of exported from the said Island amounted to 104,537, as Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the I-ords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Management yt Taxes.

appears by the Custom House Books, but this Export Trade is of late diminished, and has been attended, for the moll Part, with Loss to the Proprietors of the Herring Houses, in regard that they are not admitted to a Participation of the Bounties, and other Encouragements, granted by Parliament to the British Herring Curers; and that the British Inhabitants of the neighbouring Ports are deterred from engaging in the said

lvn 1__.1 ______________ J .11 O_

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act. made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management 4* of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Cora.

" niissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, Fishery by the imminent Danget and 111 Succefe attend-respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of ing the same to all who are not trained up to an exact Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect Knowledge of the Coast, and of the Shoals of Herrings, «« to the said Duties so transferred ;" was read a Second but purchase considerable Quantities of fresh Herrings Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

from the Boats, of the Isle of Man, on which they lolely depend for a Supply, which Herrings, lb purchased, they cure and export from Great Britain, and are enabled, by the Bounties they receive, from which the Inhabitants of the said Island have hitherto been excluded, to under*

Scotch

Dithllery.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fell them at foreign Markets; and that the Duties payable the said Bill. in England upon the Importation of Herrings from the

Isle of Man, and the Custom House Fees in that Island, cannot but be felt as operating to the further Discouragement and Decline of their Fishery, and the Petitioner begs Leave to submit to the Consideration of the House, that should any further Exemptions, Bounties,

A Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Waft, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a or other Encouragements, be granted to His Majesty s Second Time. " ‘ ...

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 41.

British Subjects concerned in the Herring Fishery, or should further Regulations be adopted tending exclu-fively to encourage One particular Branch or Mode of carrying on the British Herring Fisheries, by which, from

11 A Situation

Coco&Nuts and Coffee.

Elections —

Count/

Voters.

Light

Houses.

19° — 20° Junii. 178

Situation and Circumstances, the Merchants, and others adventuring in the Fisheries of the of cannot be benefited, the Fishery of the said Island, unable any longer to support such a Competition, must be completely ruined, the British Empire will be deprived of a valuable Nursery of Seamen, and the Merchants and Fish Curers there will suffer the total Loss of the considerable Property they have expended in their Buildings and Vessels, which, from the Nature of their Construction, are not applicable to any other Purpose: And therefore praying the House, to grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upoo the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Impor-taiion of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tp-morrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20° die Junii;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coals ufVd in for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used Antipin smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines ley' for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey; w ithout any Ainendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act PoorRetum*. for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein relative to the State of the Poor; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords haye passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Foley’* veiling Part of the devised Estates of the Right honour- Estate*. able Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey, Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Eliate of equal Value, and for eftefting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for investing the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Iming, from the Grain and Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Corn* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Grain and Corn imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1781; distinguishingeach Year:

And also,

An Account of all British Corn and Grain exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tire Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Anno 26° Georgii III1* Regis, 1786.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 17. After " aforesaid, to insert " and

such further Sum as shall be " sufficient to discharge the Expences of obtaining and passing " this Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graces:

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Lottery to Order, a Bill for amending, and more effectually Gihces. carrying into Execution, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery TicketsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Luttrell presented to the House, according to Powder Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Proprie- "'ork« at tors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been E*ver‘hluI,» purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faoersham, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from CharitabU the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill l>««ahons. for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable

Donations

\6 Geo. III. 20° Junii.

919

Seamens 3>owers of , Attornty.

>’ays and ^Aeans.

V

Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in the feve-' ral Parishes and 'Places within that Fait oi Great Britain caller! England was committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the lion fe;and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Attorney General presenterl to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, " and for establishing a regular Method for tire punctu;d, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, " and for enabling them more easily and readily to " remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives an(l Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments," as directs that the Powers of Attorney, granted by inferior Officers anti Seamen, shall he ligned before, and attested by, ^'layor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or l*ce were such Officer or Seaman shall then re-hde, or by a Clerk of the Cheque, and for otherwise P^e^enting Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment " ages. Prize Money, and other Allowances due *or Oie Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessete: And the same wa* 1received; and read the First Time.

Solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Air. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for mifing the Supply granted to llis Majesty, the Refo-lulions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jeliy, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Exccfies, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jettv, the further Sum of Three Millions be raised, by "Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the fivft Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and fuel) Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1787, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty-one thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Three Far.hmgs, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Monies voted for the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 41.

That the Charge of the Pay an(1 Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called,

for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of -

" made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign rough Hemp exported," which was to be in Force from the ift Day of July 1766, during the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another A6fc, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which, by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, lb far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British made Cordage, is expired and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

'1 he said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

<17 iiancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Mar-q 11 is of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey,

2VXr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Air. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Ways and upon the 21st Day of March last, was reported from Mean*, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was t.lien agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followed); viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply grant-e cd to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the " Sum of Five hundred Eighty-two thousand Four " hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, remaining " in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 178b,

" of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the " Disposition of Parliament."

The House was also moved. That the Resolution which upon, the 2d Day of May last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Sup-

" ply granted to IJis Majesty, there be issued and " applied the Sum of Six hundred Twenty-eight " thousand is ine hundred and Eighty-two Pounds,

" and One Penny, remaining in the Exchequer on " the 5th Hay of April 1780, of the Surplus of the " Sinking Fund, subject to the Dispoliiioa of r-

" lianient.’’

The House was also moved. That the Five Brit of the Resolutions which, upon the 18th Day of May

last.

Ways end Btleana.

92O 200 Junii. 1786.

last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; ,

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum " of Eighty-two thousand Three hundred and Eightysix Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the " Surplus of the Deductions of Six Pence in the " Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, " Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other " Chaises then due ana payable out of the fame."

Resolved, That, towards making good the SupPly granted to His Majesty, there be applied the " Sum of Sixteen thousand Four hundred Ninetyone Pounds and Five Shillings, remaining in the " Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April " 1786, of the Money that remained of the Duties " on Wines, granted by an Act of the Eighteenth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying " Annuities on Single Lives, pursuant to the said " Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several " Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786."

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred and Eightyone Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Money that remained of the " Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, " granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786."

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twelve thousand Seven hundred Thirty- five Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of " April 1786, of the Monies that remained of the " Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for " paying Annuities on Lives granted by an Act of the " Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1786."

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Suppl.V granted to His Majesty, there be applied the " Sum of Forty thousand Four hundred and Four-<c teen Pounds, Nine Shillings and Five Pence Three " Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the u Monies that remained on the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth " and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satislying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.*’

The House was also moved. That the Second of the Refelutions which, upon the lit Day of this Instant June, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then amended and agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as amended and agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the " Sum of Two hundred and Ninety thousand Eight " hundred and Ten Pounds, Four Shillings and Six " Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, remain-02

" ing in the Exchequer, of the Monies granted for " the Use of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other " Services, in the Year 1784."

The House was also moved, That the Third and Fourth of the Refelutions which, upon the said lit Day of this Instanl June, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

"Resolved, That, towards making good the Sup-u ply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the " Sum of One hundred thousand Five hundred and " Eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and One Penny " Three Farthings, of the Imprest and other Monies " remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of " Parliament."

" Resolved, That the Sum of Sixty-five thousand Five " hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, Four Shillings and " One Penny Half-penny, being the Amount of Army " Savings and Stoppages in the Year 1785, be applied towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences " of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services,

" incurred from the 25th Day of December 1784 to " the 24th Day of December 1785, both inclusive,

" and not provided for by Parliament"

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Rill, or Bills, pursuant to the Refelutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Refelutions now read.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the ^*UJluUS' Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Offices and Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Employm-s omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em- "ideuiuity ploy ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been llamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for better securing the Duties on Paper Duties on

printed, r^per-

Gc

9^i

2(5 Geo. III. ao°- —

printed, painted, or llained, in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resotoed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

Fees, &e. of Office*

Hackney

Coaches.

American

LoyalifU.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emolu* meats, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may ex id in the lame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducing and managing the Buhnels tronfefted in the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in die Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional Huty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and <c amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches," was read a Second Time. Hesoloed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee °* "'hole House.

4T^€s°lved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have fullered in their Rights, Properties, and Profefimn, during the late unhappy Difientions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read a Second 111X16;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

ofTiaes!1*0 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned «« from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making << further Provisions in respect to the said Duties lb it transferred," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Trade. to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable upon Coals carried Coastways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Haghton took the Chair of the Committee.

V ol. 41.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Duties on a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets. Sweets: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of George ®hhop’s Bishop, Proprietor of the Maidstone Geneva Manu- Geneva‘ factory, which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,21* die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers-

A BILL for amending, and more effectually carry- Lotteiy ing into Execution, an Act, made in the Twenty- offices, second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and " regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Duffield Mr. Graves: Inclosure.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosine certain Commons, called Belper ffrard and Chevin tVard, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of Duffield, Belper, Haslewood, and Makeney, within the Parish of Duffield, in the said County of; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for procuring, upon Oath, Returns charitabl# of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Donations. Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals And that the Title be, An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

11 B Ordered,

922

21° Junit. A. 178^.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, And desire their Concurrence.

Shipping and An ingrossed Bill for the further Increase and En-Navigation. couragement of Shipping and Navigation, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 19. 1. 17 "I To leave out " such proper Officer and > "or Officers as," and insert " the

18. J " Person or Persons who" instead thereof.

T. 19. After " to" to insert " make such " Registry, and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

British Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to

Fisheries. Order, a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement

of the British Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Powder A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors

Works at of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been pur- am chafed for the more safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refdlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hackney Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Coaches. jq ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional " Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and " amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

for the better conducting and managing the Business transefted in the said Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Paper, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the' House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Loyalist*. upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when’ the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distillery. upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resobed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, reiblve itself into the said Committee.

Fees, tcc.of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Offices. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and

Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Sa*t* Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain

" Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on " Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glais, made from Salt,

" and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt " to be used in Manuring of Lands," might be read.

And

6 Geo. Hi. ai° 923

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act, as relates to the

obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea

Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, X>uty-free: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

p„tie» on Ordered, That Teave be given to bring in a Bill to Servants, &c. i;mit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages, by the Commissioners of Excise, and also, on llorfes, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excile: And that Mr. Hose, and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Call of the That this House be called over upon this Day Fort- House. night, the 5th Day of July next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. John James Ha- 1

Tellers for the Yeas, 1 milton, V Major Scott: J f Mr. Steele, \

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Michael Angelo j 1 Taylor: J

So it passed in the Negative*

30.

99-

Commission- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for counts*'" appointing and enabling Commissioners farther to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Mr. Hose presented to the House, according to Order,

Bills, *quer a for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sapply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Adr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of* -VToney out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer-tein Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the *'ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six: And she same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crown

Lands.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, ft Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Be venues, belonging to the Crown: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Florida. Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lodes and Circumstances of all such Persons who have differed in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cordage.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, continue, and amend so much of an A Gt, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a " Bounty on the Exportation of British-meide Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Brt'/ifA-made Cordage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second company's Reading of the Bill to enable the East India Company Capital. to rajfe Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 41.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Proceedings provide, that the Proceedings now depending in the "§"*{5* -

House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High n0^to be'dlt Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited continued, against Wirren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Difsolution of the Parliament:

And that Mr. Sheridan and Mr. Anstruther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an AQ, made in the Customs and Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Excise Laws, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually preventing " the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been " guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs " and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going " armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs " or Excile, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned, and " for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures:

And that Mr. Steele and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported Scotch Coal from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Trade, was referred to consider of the Duties now payable upon Coals carried Coastways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the ^Duties now payable on Coals carried Coastways, and imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do cease and determine, for a limited Time, as soon as the Counties or Distri&s, into which such Coals shall be so imported, shall, by Assessmeny or otherwise, raise a Sum or Sums that shall be equal to the Amount of the Duties on Coals imported into the said Counties or Districts, the said Amount to be computed by the Average Payment of the said Duties for the last Six Years.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

HoUfer

Ordered,

Charges again it Mr. H &stings.

Edinburgh Streets, &c*

Exchequer VeSs on Pensions.

Madboufet.

924

ai° — 22° Junii. A. 1786.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Dempster, Mr. ,.

and Sir Henry Hoghton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jolliffe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22* die Anno 26* Georgii IIP Regis, 1786.

Praters.

OIR Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to O whom the Bill for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh, for opening a Communication from Queen’s Street to Broughton for enlarging the

Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions' at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses;" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in Stieeto-the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, ana enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a Temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over feme other Part of the said River, within the find City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City; without any Amendment: And alfe.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chelworth for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Iwclofur*. Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and alfe a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and little Chelworth, or one of them, in the Parish of Crichlade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts’, without any Amendment: And alfe,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia, for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Councurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Luttrell, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for P*P«r-better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Luttrell, according to Order, reported from Hackery the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Coache*, for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional " Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and " amending several Acts of Parliament relating to " Hackney Coaches," was committed; the-Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Luttrell, according to Order, reported from Ac of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Offices. Bill for appointing Commissioners further to esquire

into

26 Geo. III. 220 Junii.

9*5

jnt0 the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the lame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducing and managing the Bufinefe transacted in the said Offices, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and' he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

American Mr. Rut trell, according to Order, reported from the toyal ' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Lolles and Services of all such Persons who have suffered ' in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Llerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once throughout; and then a Second Time, One by ^De I and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, a8reed to by the House.

*-rdered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrofled.

Navynoffice p ^he House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Land Tax. V°*?Inittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad-street and Tower, within the City of I^ondon, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, paled in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber " or Epsmn Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux fe>r Glass, made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of " Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Pock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glals, Duty-free: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Commit- Mr- Rose presented to the House, according to Order, lioners of a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further Account*, to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 41.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Duties on der, a Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Servants, Ac. Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons,

Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Wool Cards. Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to " Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton,

" Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an " Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent " the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk " Manufactures of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Acts as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited: And that Mr. Henry Thornton and Sir Robert Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Supply Bill; "Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Supply Bill; of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying linking certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the un Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to revive, continue, and amend so much of Cordage, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a " Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage,

" and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign " rough Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-msde Cordage, was read a Second Time.

ResoloedThat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into Ett Florida.

11 C the

Crown

Lands.

Duties on Sweets.

Pawn-

brokers.

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

926 22® Junii. A. 178 6.

the Losses and Circumstances of all such Peribng who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of Florida to the King of Spain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill-be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners, to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to " attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue " Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; " and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so iar as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the eaiy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons'as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden-dures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Steele prefeoted to the House, according to Supply Bill > Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March Ooe thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Bodies of so Order, a Bill to regulate the Disposal, after Execu- Criminal*, tion, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

And it appearing to the House, (hat the said Bill is not properly prepared:

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of lie whole House, ®i®iUeiy. upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the several Duties payable in Scotland.upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Powder to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Worke at upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Pro- £*v,rtliain> prietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more fate and convenient carrying -on His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Management resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0 axes‘ upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and " Management of certain Duties therein mentioned " from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners " for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making

K " further

"by

Lottery

Offices.

Ordnance

Office.

Militia.

26 Geo. III.

2 20 — 23* Junii.

9*7

u further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so trans-

" ferred

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill for amending, and more effectually carrying into Execution, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office " Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive ffie fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the several Papers which were presented to this House by Mr. Aldridge, from the Office of Ordnance, upon the 10th Day of May last, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, and that they do examine, and report their Observations thereupon to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 23* die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

f\RD EREH> That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 9. After " shall " insert " then."

1. 10 1 Leave out " during the Ab-and > " fence of any such Lieute-

a

11.

nant.

Pr. 14. 1. 18. After " every" insert <c Deputy " Lieutenant, and every."

1. 26. Leave out " next," and insert " from and."

1. 27. Leave out " passing of this Act, " and insert " First Day of July " 1786."

Pr. 15. I. 3. After " his" insert " Deputation

u or."

1. 5. After " of" insert " being a De-

" puty Lieutenant of ;" and in the same Line, alter " serving " insert " as an Officer."

Vol. 41.

Pr. 20. 1. 33. After rc Time" insert " of Five " Years."

Pr. 30. 1. 4. After " or" insert " of."

1. 10. Leave out " and."

1. 11. Leave out from " shall" to <c be" in Line 12.

I. 15. Leave out from " and" to " Person" in Line 23, and insert " also for such further Time as iC the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the Space of " Five Years, His Majesty shall " order and direct the Militia,

" for which such Man is enrolled,

" to be drawn out and embodied " as herein after provided; and " such Substitute shall take the " following Oath:

" I A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I " will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and " I do swear, that I am a " Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom " of Great Britain, for the " Defence of the fame, during " the Time of Five Years, or " for such further Time as " the Militia shall remain <c embodied, if within the " Space of Five Years His il Majesty shall order and c< direct the Militia to be " drawn out and embodied,

" unless I shall be sooner " discharged; and any."

J. 25. Leave out " and, " and in the fame

Line, after' " approved," insert €i enrolled and sworn."

1. 28. After " himself" insert " had."

Pr. 74. 1. 12. After " Subject" insert " unless " such Person or Persons shall " be usually resident or have his " or their Place of Abode in " such Town or Place."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. PheUps reported from the Committee, to whom Marston the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bigg°u for enabling the Right honourable Edmund Earl of Church-Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ and Baron Boyle, of Marston, in England, to pull down the present Parish Church of Marston Biggott, otherwise Marston By good, in the County of Somerset, and for building a new Parish Church there, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved\

Diaitized hv ~

23° Junii. A. 1786.

Adjournment- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

MadhouTes. A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Proceedings Mr. Anstruther presented to the House, according against Mr. to Order, a Bill to provide that the Proceedings now to'be'cHs-BOt depending in the House of Commons upon Articles continued. of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Hastings, Esquire,

late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diffolu-tion of the Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I (lands of Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, St. Eustatius, to whom the Bill for vesting in Trustees all the fcc* Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and

Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Blands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month of February 1781, and also all Monies which have arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or so much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not recaptured by the Enemy; and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whole Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, and further to distribute the fame, according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His said Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Pay and Mr. Alderman Watson, according to Order, report-Navy Office ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Land Tax. the Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the ingrafted Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gordon: } -

tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Young, Mr. Plumer 1 16.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for incorporating certain Persons, to be therein named, by the Name and Style of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland’, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered That the said Committee have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " further Punishment of Persons going armed or " disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or " Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those " Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for " the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations " upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackbume, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and more effectually carrying into Execution, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for lfcensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Wool Cards.

Elections -

County

Voters.

British Fisheries and Scotch Towns.

Customs and Excise Lam.

Lottery

Offices*

26 Gfe 6. Ill,

rodder Works at Vaverfc&m, &c.

Sfamtn*

Powers of Attorney,

j° Jutiii.

929

the Amendments, in at ttie Clerk's Table: Where the A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passeiJ in the Amendments Onpp tpaH thmimKnnt anri nr_r._» v_° u:0 Roim Salt.

Second Time,

in m traa j i uuic > uere me A Dili for repealing lO mucu oi an/vci, paneu m uie

were Once read throughout; and then a Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, - One by One; and, upon the Question intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty ad-

" ditional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon " Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glafe, made from Salt, and to prevent " Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in " manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Com- Servants, tee.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands tl . , . „ , rM r

and Hereditaments, as have been purchased for the more Rn^pose of ma ing mera! Alkali, or Flax for Glass, safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gun- Duty-free, was read a Second Time, powder Works and Mills near the Town of Favers/iam, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships,

and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of AOs of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, missioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the -Amendments were an(i Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, R*e Management of the Commissioners of Excise was Were agreed to by the House. read a Second Timei

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repealing so much ,of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the puuftual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Pay- payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and " ments," as directs that the Powers of Attorney, granted upon Worts, Waft, and other Liquors there used in the by inferior Officers and Seamen, shall be signed before, Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty and attested by, the Mayor, or Chief Magistrate of the other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amend-Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and then reside, or by a Clerk of the Cheque, and for other- which they had directed him to report to the House; wife preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Pay* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards inent of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Hoard any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House. ______ __________

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- after the Commencement of the Act, paying a Propor-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tion of the Duty.

House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to dif- Distillery, continue, for a Time to be limited, the several Dudes

at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling Persons to take out Licences within Six Weeks

ers of Ac-

CUUttlSs

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall, within One Month transmit a Copy of the Permit to the Commissioners of Excise in England.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole made Part of the Bill.

House. upon the said Bill.

Siipply Bill; AJiiitia*

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called for One Year,

beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-iix, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Vo i.. 41.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Geode- Bodies of men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Criminals, to regulate the Di/po/al, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Women convicted of Petit Treason.

D Mr.

Bodies of Criminals*

Fees, &c. of Offices.

Duties on Vellum, &c.

American

Loyalists.

Hackney

Coaches.

2 3° Junii. A. 1786.

930

Mr. fVUberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Wom'en convicted of Petit Treason, and for regulating the Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducing and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ao ihgrofled Bill for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Polices for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom, or State, from Loss by Fire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdqm, pr State, from Lose by Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" amending several Acts of Parliament rclatiogto Hackney Coaches."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire then Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House CordaSe* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a " Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage,

" and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign " rough Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-ma.de Cordage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gon$ through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That foe Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for foe Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of foe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed foe Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-ents thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please receive the same.

Ordered, That foe Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty; and Attachment to the British Government,'was read foe Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of thdir Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an " additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament " relating to 'Hackney Coaches," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title oe, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional 4i Duty ou Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and 02

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East Florid*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon foe Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire into foe Losses and Circumstances of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of foe Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into foe said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Sweeti upon foe Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for foe House Pawnbro-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, kers* upon foe Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who

" shall

2,6 Geo. III.

230 Junii.

931

" shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of their residence in India, or on their Return to Great " Goods or JXfoney by false or untrue Pretences; for Britain; and that the Petitioners have, on all Occapreventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for lions, manifested a most unequivocal Attachment to the easy ltedetnption of Goods pawned; and for pre- the Glory and Prosperity of their Country, and they

" venting Claming in Public Houses by Journeymen, beg Leave to observe, that, in a late memorable " Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," lo far as the Instance, when the Empire, under the Pressure of feme relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of numerous Calamities, was tottering to its Foundation, Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, India supported herself through the Zeal of His Ma-

1 __________________ 1 Twal t.mnl/

jesty’s Subjects, and came out of the Trial, weak, it is true, but totally unimpaired in the Extent of her Dominion: Such Exertions are not, perhaps, entitled to any other Approbation, than that which is commonly bellowed on the drift Performance of a necessary Duty; the Petitioners claim no other, yet.

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House r efolveditself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. _ . _

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they under this Claim, they are surely entitled to the same had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment Measure of Protection and Security for their Persons, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, Properties, and Characters, that is extended to His when the House will please to receive the same. Majesty’s Subjects in every other Part of the Em-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday pire; but it has been the Misfortune of the Peti-Morning next. tioners to labour under the Effects of a severe and

indiscriminating Censure, and to perceive this Spirit, Management Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House which they had hoped was confined to the ignorant to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and the prejudiced Part of their Countrymen, trans-upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more fused into the leading Principles of a British Act of effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- Parliament -The Act of the Legislature, passed in roent, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Re- th® Twenty-fourth^ Year of His present Majesty, and " ceipt and Management of certain Duties therein " mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and al so " for making further Provisions in respect to the said <c Duties so transferred," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Itesolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself iqto the said Committee.

ui Taxes.

Offices and Employments In-ileinuity.

Offences in E. indies.

intituled, €t An A6fc for the better Regulation and " Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and for edabliffiing a Court of Judicature " for fee more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East proceeds on a Principal, that Guilt is attached to the Conduct of every Person holding Offices of Employ, ment and Trull in that Country: In Conformity to this Principle, the 55th Clause of the Act requires, that every Person now being, or who may hereafter Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House be, in the Service of the United Company, shall, on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, his Return to Great Britain, deliver in, upon Oath-, ppon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as Have an Inventory of his Efiefts and Property of every omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em- Kind; and, that this compulsive Disclosure may ope-ploynients; and to indemnify Justicqs of the Peace, rate more effectually to the Conviction of the Party or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in tnaking , it, Informers are invited, by considerable their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, Rewards, to impeach the Authenticity of the Ac-and for giving further Time for those Purposes and count, and this Impeachment is followed by criminat-to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpo- ing Interrogatories, to be answered, upon Oath, by rations, and Borough Town?, whose Admissions have the Party accused, of Falsification or Concealment^ been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, and the Party himself is subjected to Imprisonment, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and if he refuseS to answer, and to be kept in safe Custody for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly until he shall have fully answered the said Interroga* Ramped; and to give further Time to such Persons tones, to the Satisfaction of the Court; and that the as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Petitioners, with great Concern, observe, that this Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and severe Procds, by which their Persons and Property Solicitors, be now read. are subject to so much Vexation, is dictated upon no

And the said Order being read accordingly; previous Accusation of any Crime committed by the

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Party who delivers the Account of his Effects — Po-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. verty mull fuller great Inconvenience and Distrefe,

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. by being exposed to the World, and Innocence may,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. from the interested and malicious Zeal of Informers,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That be subject to all the Consequences of Guilt: And they had gone through the Bill, and made several further setting forth, That by the 64th, and other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him subsequent Clauses, in the said Act, a new Tribu-to report, when the House will please to receive the nal is established for the Investigation and Punish-fame. ment of Offences committed in the East , which

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday takes away that inefthnable Birthright of the Subject, Morning next. the Trial by Jury — After maturely and deliberately

reviewing the Arguments that have been urged in A Petition of the British Inhabitants of the Prefi- Favour of this Measure, the Petitioners confefe, with dency of Fort Saint George, in the East Indies, and its all Deference to the House, that its Necessity is not Dependencies, was presented to the House, and read s apparent; and, they hope, as this Part of the Act so Setting forth, That the Petitioners embarked for that immediately affects their Privileges, that they, may be distant Country, in the fore Confidence that those Pri- allowed to ate the Objections that have occurred vileges, which are inherent in them as British Sub- to them on the Subject: The Petitioners highly rejects, would, in no Shape, be abridged, either during spe& the FYinciple which equitably inclines to the V01.41. jo Selection

Offencts in £. Indies.

93a 3° Junii. A. 1871?.

Selection of Men of high Rank, and liberal Education, to determine upon Charges supposed to involve a Variety of complicated Matter, and, had the Act provided such Persons to officiate in the Character only of Jurors, the Petitioners do not conceive any possible Objection that could have been made to them; but the new Judicature has nothing like that separate and distinct Character, which is performed by a Jury — The Tribunal is to consist of a certain Number of Commissioners, drawn by Ballot, from the Members of both Houses of Parliament, to which are to be added Three of the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts, the Whole amounting to Thirteen, of whom Seven (including One of the Judges) are to form a Quorum, and to meet and adjourn, from Time to Time, as they think fit; by this Means the Petitioners conceive the Court itself must be in a State of constant Fluctuation during every Trial, the same Commissioners will not be present at the Examination of all the Evidence, and, it may so happen, if the Trial be long, that the Majority of those present at the Time of passing Judgment may consist of Members that have attended but little, or perhaps not at all, during the Examination of the Evidence; a Court so constituted cannot, the Petitioners conceive, take in all the Circumstances of a Trial, so as to pass Judgment with a safe Conscience; an ordinary Juryman does not venture to pronounce upon the Truth of an Accusation unless he hears the whole Evidence himself; but in this new Court the Two distinct Offices of Judge and Jury (incompatible by the Constitution) are to be performed by the same Persons; the Fast too is to be found by Men who attend partially during the Examination of Evidence; the Judgment is pronounced according to the Effect of the Judgment of the Common Law, by a Court, the major Part of which cannot be supposed, from the Want of professional Knowledge, competent to such legal Decisions; and, the Petitioners observev with Concern too, that from this Court there lies no Appeal; and that the Petitioners submit, with the ereatelt Deference and Respect, that His Majesty’s Courts, before the Institution of this new Tribunal, were adequate to the Trial of all Offences committed in India, without touching, in the smallest Degree, upon the Constitutional Rights of the Subject; and, they further beg Leave to Shew, that, by the 80th Clause of the said Act, " All Writings transmitted " from the East Indies to the Court of Directors, by " their Officers or Servants, in the usual Course of " Correspondence, and Copies of all Writings which " shall have been transmitted by the Court of Directors, or any Committee of them, to their Officers " and Servants in the East , and which in any " Manner relate to the Subject Matter of the Charge <l to be contained in the Information, or the Defence " to be made, may be admitted as Evidence, and not u be deemed inadmissible or incompetent, unieis upon " Objections arising upon the Nature of the Contents of " such Writings, subject, nevertheless, to be impeached, 41 in Point of Credibility, by such Observations and 41 Objections as the Nature of such Evidence, or other " Circumstances, may fugged, any Rule of the Common " Law to the contrary notwithstanding and the Petitioners are apprehendve, that the above Clause admits of too great a Latitude in the Construction of written Evidence, by allowing a discretionary Power in the Court to admit all Writings, of whatever Nature, entered upon the Records and Confutations of the Company, and, among the rest, the Letters of Government, and of Individuals, containing Matters of Representation and Opinion; whereas the Petitioners conceive, that the Admission of public Writings ought strictly to be confined to Orders from the Court of Directors and Government, and Military Orders, proved to have been regularly

04

communicated to the Party at the Time, and those issued by him, if in Command, or in Station distant from the Presidency; with this strict Limitation, such Writings might be received in Evidence, subject to Impeachment in Point of Credibility, according to the Nature of such Evidence, but all other Writings lent from that Country, in the uiual ('ourse of Public Correspondence; ought, the Petitioners conceive, at once to be declared inadmissible; and that the great Distance at which the PeA titioners reside from the Seat of the British Empire, has induced them to Itate their Circumstances under this new Act more at large, and with a more pointed View to the Means of Redress, than they should otherwise have done; they trust, however, to the Candour of the House for their Excuse, and to the Wifdona and Justice of Parliament, and of their Most Gracious Sovereign, for Relief in the Object of their Petition, and they entertain a favourable, and even an auspicious, Hope of Success, from the lacred Motives which have guided them in this Pursuit, and the high Respect with which they have endeavoured to mark their Proceedings: And therefore praying, That the House will vote a Repeal of those Clauses in the said Act of Parliament, which have given such just Cause of Uneasiness and Alarm to the Petitioners, and that the House will grant such further and general Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

Mr- Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. i&we reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

East India Company's Capital.

British

Filbcriit.

2'6° Junn.

26 Geo. III.

LutU3!9 26* die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1786.

Prayers.

Lord Foley's A N ingrossed Hill from the Lords, intituled, An Estates. JrY Act for vesting I»art of the devised Estates of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of TVarcester, in Samuel Skey, Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Ellate of equal Value, and for effeaing a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for investing the Money anting from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Young, Mr. Gilbert^ &c. 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Renfrew Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Renfrew, in the room of William M’Dozvall, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Shaftesbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to 'Vrit- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleChng of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Adam Drummond, Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. JVIontagu:

Mr. Speaker,’

Natation*1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ga °n* Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of . Shipping and Navigation; without any Amendment: And allb,

Jj'Sbt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Houses. Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern

Harts of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And allb.

Charitable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Donations. Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; without any Amendment: And

also.

Elections — The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Occasiona.1 Act to prevent Occasional Inhabitants from voting in

Voters. the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for

Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales; without any Amendment: And also,

All Saints The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Church, Act for pulling down and re-building the Church of

Hewcastle^ faints, in the Town of Newcastle upon and

uP°n yne. for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues ana Passages thereto; without any Amendment: And allb,

Consecrating The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Foreign to empower the Archbishop of , or the

Bishops. Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects Vol. 41.

933

or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for further continuing fa much of an Act, passed Customsaud in the Nineteenth Year of his late' Majesty’s Reign, Excise Laws, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs for Excise, and or indemnifying " Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein " mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of Jhe " Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Powder Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carry- &c> ing on His Majesty’s Gun-powder Works and Mills near the Town of Faoersham, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gun-powder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His presentJHajesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Luttrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for changing the Sentence to be pronounced Bodies of upon Women convicted of Petit Treason, and for re- Criminals, gulating the Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Offices and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employ-indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify nients *n* themselves for Offices and Employments; and to in- demiuty‘ demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

11 E have

934

26° Junii.

A. 178 6.

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

rawi> Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

brokers. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt " to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawn- ing of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of Goods " pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public " Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and " Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the ealy Redemption of Goods pawned, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Customs and The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Excise Laws. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue several Laws relating " to the opening and establishing certain Fr^ Ports " in the Island of Jam; to the allowing the free " Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli from " His Majesty’s Colonies in North America; to the " free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins " from Ireland and the British Plantations in America;

" to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions,

" Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places " in North America, which are, or may be, under the " Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such " Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; to the clandestine Running u of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Insection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of " Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in " to the preventing the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts, and to revive and continue several " Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to

*'His Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America; to the " impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper " in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a " Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores " to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their " Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the

" Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral " Ships," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going " armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of " Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders " against those Laws, upon the Terms therein men-u tioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the Cuf- toms on Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts."

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Salaries and Pro- Pay "d fits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office, and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for Comm" for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings certain Acts. of Commissioners, or others Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

And that Mr. Henry Thornton, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Colonel Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to provide that the Proceedings, now depending Proceedings in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of against High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been ex- ^r.^Haftingi hibited against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor discontinued. General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to charges, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to against consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Mr. Hasting*. Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Wo«l Cards. Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of

His

0.6 Geo. III.

His present Majesty, as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

26° Juttii.

935

An ingrafted Bill for investing in Trustees all the Islands of St. Specie, Bullion, Merchandize, Stores, Effects, and Euftatius* *c-Property whatsoever, captured at or near the Islands of Saint Eustatius, Saint Martin, and Saba, and their

Dependencies, by His Majesty’s Forces, in the Month

Ordered, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, of February 1781, and also all Monies which have

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

(tarda ge.

cotch Coal 'rude.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fot railing a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of die Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: . Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of JB.ritish-xsaAe Cordage, and for discon- turning the drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp " exported,* as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Air. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discontinuing the Duties now payable upon Coals carried Coastways, and imported into that Bart of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First "Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lottery

Office*.

Jamei Deep-mug Stone Dridge Roads.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peters Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of jUorcot, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of in the County of

Rutland.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 41.

arisen, or may hereafter arise, from the Sale thereof, or lb much of the said Specie, Bullion, Merchandize,

Stores, Effects, and Property, as was not re-captured by the Enemy; and to enable the said Trustees to call upon the several Persons in whole Possession the said Monies and Property now are, or who are subject to answer the fame, for an Account thereof, and for Payment of the Sums they may respectively hold, nad further to distribute the fame, according to the written Instructions of His Most Gracious Majesty, addressed to the Commanders in Chief of His laid Majesty’s Naval and Land Forces in the Leeward Islands, dated the 30th Day of March 1781, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Stores, Effects, and Property, captured from the Enemy by his Majesty’s Forces, at or near the Islands of Eustatius,

Saint Martin, and Saba, and their Dependencies, in

the Year 1781, and for enabling the said Trustees to place out the Amount of the said Property at Interest, upon Government Security, for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled thereto, until the Claims made thereon shall have been determined, and a just Distribution thereof can be made.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and more effectually carrying into Execution, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers,

" and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, and more effectually carrying into Execution,. an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers,

" and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets."

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Madhouse*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One

Year,

e

6* Junii. A. 1786.

Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverat Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Duties on S»It.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing lo much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties " upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral " Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, and to " prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be " uled in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Servants, Ac. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill to limit a Time ‘ for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

East Florida. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Circumstances of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of 1 Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into, the said Committee.

Sop« Manu- A Petition of the Manufacturers of Sope in London, facture. and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, confiding in the Protection of the Laws, have erected Buildings, and purchased Utensils, at a great Expence, for carrying on the Maoufacture of Sope; and that the Petitioners, alarmed -at the Depredations which Smugglers and fraudulent Manufacturers have committed on their Trade, and consequently on that important Branch of the Revenue which depends upon it, are impelled by a Sense of public Duty, as well as of private Interest, to submit the following Fasts to the Consideration of Parliament, and beg Leave to inform the House, that those Frauds arise from Two Causes, First, That the Public, at present, finding themselves heavily burthened with the Tax on Sope, as it now (lands, seek to relieve

themselves by encouraging the Smuggling of Irish and other Foreign Sopes into this Kingdom, which they can and do purchase at much lower Prices than the Fair Trader can afford to fell Sope at; and Secondly, That the Duties on Sope cannot be fairly collected from the Country Sope Makers, who, lying dispersedly and at great Distances from each other, particularly in Scotland, . since the last additional Duty on Sope, the Excise Officers cannot visit them above Once a Day, for a few Minutes, and sometimes not so often, so that such Sope Makers can and do Daily commit very great Frauds on the Revenue, which cannot be detested, and pay, in Fast, only what Duty of Excise they please; and that the said Manufacturers of Sope did hope for Relief from an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for the Purpose of enforcing the said Duty, which has not been carried into Effect generally: And therefore praying, That the Payment of the Duty of Excise on Sope in future may be fully and not partially enforced, or that the said Duty of Excise may be wholly discontinued, if it shall seem meet to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking Fund, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Message from House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to t*>e King — this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker BBUl y‘

(all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz,

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of conferring a signal Mark of His Royal Favour on Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Moll Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the important Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, and of granting for that Purpose a Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum to Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of the said Sir Guy Carlton, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton,

Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, for their several Lives; but, it not being in His Majestys Power to

grant

26 Geo. I

26'

yunii.

Message from the King — Watson s Annuity.

grant the fame, or to settle the said Annuity for f0 long a Term, His Majesty recommends it to his Faithful Commons, to consider of a. proper Method of enabling His Majesty to grant the fetid Annuity, and of settling and securing the same in the most effectual Manner.

R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty s said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Mr. Chancellor of" the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House j , and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of conferring a Mark of His Royal Favour on Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office, recommends it to His Faithful Commons to consider of enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds per Annum to the said Brook Watson, Esquire, to be paid out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Mef-sage be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

937

Comm" for certain Acts.

India

K Apanys ^yital.

-pitto.

Duties on Wines.

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Hill for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A. Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the Petitioners to raise Mooney by a Sale of Annuities, and by an Increase of their Capital Stock; and that the Petitioners do not seek to vary the said Bill, in respect to the Mode of railing the Money thereby proposed to be raised, but conceive the said Bill to be defective, in not providing for a Reimbursement of the Principal Money to be advanced, or for a Recompence in lieu thereof, before a H ivision of Profits between the Public and the Company shall again take Place-: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, respecting the Premises, and that such Relief may be given them therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

T able.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Antiendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause.was offered to be added to the Bill, de-Vol. 41.

daring. That as nothing in any former Act relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, so nothing in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to pledge the Public Faith, or in any Respect to make the Public responsible for the present or future Claims of any of the Creditors of the Company, or in any Way to bind the Public to the Renewal of the Charter of the said Company.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to CrownLands. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, T6-morrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Tomorrow," and inserting the Words " upon Wednesday" instead thereof, and after the Word " Morning" to insert the Word " next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Tomorrow" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Wednesday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " next" be inserted after the Wrord " Morning;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Seamen's resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Powers of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Attorney-Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act; for the Encouragement of Seamen " employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a " regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them

" more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the " Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments," as directs that the Powers of Attorney granted by inferior Officers and Seamen shall be signed before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside, or by a Clerk of the Cheque, and for otherwise preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages,

Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

n F Mr.

Bishop*

Geneva.

9,58 act Jam. A. 17 86.

Mr. Edwards reported from the Com«)ittet% to whom

the Petition of Gaorgo Bishops Proprietor of the Maidstone Genera Manufactory, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to diem, to the House; and be rcadi the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it io at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folknveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Bicknell being examined, said, That the Petitioner has at a great Expence erected a Manufactory for making Geneva at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and that he makes the same nearly upon the same Principles with that made in Holland.

Then an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontioue for a limited Time the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Con- fumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better " Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits,

" as well for Home Confamption as for Exportation, and " for destroying all Home made and Foreign Spirits, after " the Condemnation thereof, and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of " tosh, io the County of Inverness, and for discontinuing " for a limited Time certain Imports and Duties upon " Rum and Spirits imported from the West was

read, whereby it appears that the Petitioner’s Manufactory was exempted from the Provisions and Restrictions of the said Act as therein mentioned, for the Term of Two Years from the First Day of November 1784. Then,

Mr. Biekneli being further examined, said, That llnce Mr. Bishop was again enabled to work by the said Act, he has made great Quantities of Geneva; and that from the ift of November 1784 to the ill of November 1785 he made 69,257 Gallons of Geneva One in Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for which he paid Duty amounting to the Sum of 9,261/. 14 8d. and from the ift of November 1785 to the 16th of March 1786 he made 40,888 Gallons, of the like Proof, for which he paid Duty, 5,220/. 17 s.3 id.; and that there is now in the Course of Payment for Duties from Mr. Bishop, for Geneva made by him since that Time, about the Sum of 2,000l.

And the Witness farther said, That he has fold for Mr. Bishop, at his Warehouse in from ill No-

vember 1784 to ift November 1785, 63,504 Gallons, at One in Seven under Hydrometer Proof, and from ill November 1785 to 24th June 1786, 78,190 Gallons, of the like Proof.

And being asked, Why are the Spirits sold as low as One in Seven under Hydrometer - Proof? he said, The Sale of this Geneva is very general throughout the Kingdom, and particularly in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Essex, and on the North Coast, where the People uled to be fapplied with finuggled Hollands Geneva, which is of a still lower Standard — That Mr. Bishop's Customers have therefore always been used to Geneva of nearly that Strength, and that is the Reason why it is lowered — -That Mr. Bishop's Is an increasing Trade, though the Geneva is still not equal to what it formerly 'was, because by the Operations of the Acts from Time to Time parted for regulating the Distillery, he has been prevented from working exactly in the same Way as he did when his Geneva was in its highest Esteem — That from the Nature of the Process, it is importable for him to work, unless the Duties to be paid upon his Spirit continue to be collected agreeable to the Regulations of the before-mentioned Act, but which Act, as far as respects him, is near expiring, and even under the Indulgence granted by that Act respecting the Mode of charg-

04

ing his Duty, lie still finds it importable to produce a Spirit that may effectually rival the heft Ge-

neva, unless his Exemption be continued, and the Proportion of Wash from which he shall’ be required to produce a given Quantity of Spirit be ftilli farther increased, without which he cannot use the same Quantity of Rye in manufacturing his Spirits, as is used in the Distilleries in Holland, and which is indispensably necessary in the making Geneva that will bear aqy Competition with the Foreign. Then,

Mr. Edzcard Layton being examined, said. That in the making of Spirits, if they are drawn from too small a Quantity of Wash, the consequence is, that the Spirit is rank, and tastes of the Still.

Then your Committee allied Mr. Bishop, How many Gallons of Walh is used by the belt Distillers in Holland, in making one Gallon of Geneva? to which he said, Fourteen.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring io a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 30th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coo-lider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, as recommends to this House the Eftar blishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for charging the Duties on the Geneva to be made by Mr. George Bishops at his Manufactory at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, on die Corn to be used in making the same, instead of ebarg* ing such Duties on the Walh.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit " the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utenfds " made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artist* " cers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to " go into Parts beyond the Seas," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act; And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management " of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, " respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making farther Provisions in " respect to the said Duties so transferred."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

And then the House adjourned ti|J Tomorrow Morning, Teu of the Clock.

RxpoFtifif

Tools, Ac,

Comm" of Accounts.

Duties on Sweet*.

Manage meet of Taxes.

Briti Hi Fishenes.

16 Geo. . III.

Royal A (Tent to Bills,

Martis9 27* die Anno 2 6° Ci eorgii 111*" Regis, 17^6. Praters.

AM E S S A G PI by Sir Francis Gentle-

man U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorised by virtue of His Majesty's Com-naiflion for declaring His Royal AlTent to several AQte agreed upon by hotli Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of thi& Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impoweriogr his Royal Highness the Prince of Walts* the Lord Artihbishop of the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain*the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop oi Canterbury, the Earl , and the Lord Sydney* named also in the said Commission, did recording!y declare and notify the Uoyal Assent to the bid Bills; which Bills are as followeth; vis.

An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise:

An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation:

An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies; for repealing io much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year1 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " and Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, and of the British Possession3 in , and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more " speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies'' as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully retorting to The East Indies, and for the more easy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India:

An Act to prevent Occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales:

An Act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein relative to the State of the Poor:

An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Poriflies and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Vol. 41.

Jurtii. £39

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasuretnent of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Toioer Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for explaining amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, as lies in

the County of Middlesex':

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a Temporary Bridge adjoining^ and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge, over feme other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary) and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester*s Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out Two New Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley;and for shuttin» up, in the Night Time, the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side:

An Act for pulling down and re-building the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto:

An Act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping retorting thereto, with Water:

An Act for enabling the Right honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle, of Marston, in England, to pull down

the present Parish Church of Biggott, otherwise,

Marston Bygood, in the County of Somerset, and for building a new Parish Church there:

An Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Le&fes of certain Parts of the settled Estates in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford, Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictiojns therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money anting therefrom io Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called HelperWard and Chevin Ward, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of

Duffield,

Confec rating

Foreign

Bishop*.

Commissioners for certain Acts.

Rum and Spirits.

Low Wines and Spirits.

Carlton’s

Annuity.

94°

27° Ju

A. 1786.

Duffield, Belper, Haslewood, and within the

Parish of Duffield, in the said County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting1 and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chehoorth, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Arch-bishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty s Dominions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 30th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of January last, as recommends to this House the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from West Indies.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting a Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum to Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, for their several Lives, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Watson’* Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Annuity. Yesterday, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds per Annum to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Howard, and Mr. ;do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Richard Lever, of London, Merchant, Lever’s complaining of a Vessel belonging to him being seized Petition, by the Spanish Governor of Louisiana, in the River Mississippi, in the Year 1777, by which the Petitioner suffered great Damages, Lose, and Injury: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to them shall seem meet, bring offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom, the Bill for Sinking granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of Fund-the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East Florida, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Circumstances of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

26 Geo. III.

*1 Jrumu

Madhouses.

Proceedings against Mr. Hafiings not to be discontinued.

Supply Bill Militia.

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the R.eign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An AGfc for regulating Madhouses," ' w’as committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Nlifdemeanors which have been exhibited against ITarren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or DilTolution of the Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

"Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of JBritain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

941

Customs and Excise Laws.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reigo, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishiuent " of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of " the Laws of Customs or Excite, and for indemnifying " Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein " mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the " Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws-of Customs or Excite, Vox 41.

and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Victualling Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Office tinuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, ^and ^ax' Clerks, and other Officers of the Victualling Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Seamen’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^?!!ers upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed.

in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen " employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them " more easily and readily to remit the same, for the " Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments," as directs that the Powers of Attorney granted by inferior Officers and Seamen shall be signed before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside, or by a Clerk of the Cheque, and for otherwise preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, be now read.

And the feud Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Managemer to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ol Tax*8-upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

11 G intituled,

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Sentence on Women; and Bodies of Criminals.

a 7° Junii.

A. 1786.

intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and ‘‘ Management of certain Duties therein mentioned " from the Commissioners of Excise and the Cornmifsioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners " for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further " Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred," be now read.

And the said Order bong read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Gilbert took the Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a farther Suns of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was rend the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mh Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Deport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Women convicted of Petit Treason, and for regulating the Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Women convicted of High Treason.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House win please to receive die feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved Hself inter Wool Card*, a Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so mnch of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the BIB, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Duties on to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, S®11* upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon " Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Alineral Alkali,

" or flux for Glass, made from Salt, and to prevent " Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in " manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Alineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass,

Duty-free;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

- The Order of the Day being read, for 'the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Servants,*c. upon the Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons,

Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Alanagement of the Commissioners of Excise;

Resoloed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according tb Order, resolved itself into a uutjfs on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for grant- Sweets, ing to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they Itad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House British to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheriee, be now read.

And the said Order being’read accordingly;

The Hoafe resolved Itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed toe Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton- reported frotn the Committee,

That they had gone through the BIN, and made several ArrwwdmentB thereunto; which-they had directed him to report, when toe House will please to receive the same.

8 Ordered,

26 Geo. III. — 28° Junii.

943

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exporting Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-

Tools, *c. der, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Fo- reign Parts of Tools and TJ tends made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen ein-f‘ ployed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond " the Seas And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pawn- An ingrafted Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an

brokers. Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more eflfeftnal, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pofiession of Goods or Money by false " or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods "pawnedand for preventing Gaming in Public Houses " by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Appren-<c tices," so far a* the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to "attain, L*offettion of Goods or Money by fal/e or untrue " Pretences,; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; " a°d f°F preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goochs, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow IVIoming, Ten of the Clock.

Afercurii, 28s die Junii; Arm® 26° Georgii III,n Regis, 1786.

Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to ClydeMa-whom the Bill for incorporating the Member? of a So- nne &oclet* ciety, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs,.and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters and others for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Earl of Right honourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, Newburgh'* Viscount Kinnmrd, Baron Lcoingston, of Flacraig, in Estate. the Kingdom of Scotland, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackxoorth, the Lord Newhaoen, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Pra An ingrossed Bill for widening several Streets in the Edinburgh

Madhouses. A N ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made City of Edinburgh-, for opening a Communication from Streets, *r ±\. in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Queens Street to Broughton Loan', for enlarging the Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses, " Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the was read the Third Time. feid City over Part of the Lands of Broughton, was

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title read the Third Time, be, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable the Trustees to resign intituled,. An Act for regulating Madhouses." their Trust on taking Security for their Indemnification,

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the BiR to the and for appointing others.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Qfueftfon put thereupon, agreed' to by the House, to be Cooperating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hbtrfe made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Foreign to resolve itlself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That the Bill do pafir: And that the Bishops. upon the ingrofTbd Bill from the Lords, mtitided, An Title be, An Act for widfefling fevevaf Streets in the Vol. 41. City

944 a 8° Junii. A.ij86,

City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queens Street to Broughton Loan’, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

Ordered, That Sir AFergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Oils im- The House being informed that Mr. Milford from

ported. the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-lented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Train, or Animal Oil, imported into, and exported from, Scotland, from Christmas 1700 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of Greenland Fishery from other Oils.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Victualling Mr. Maimcaring, according to Order, reported Tax'* Lani from ^e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Victualling Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tmcer Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Carlton’s Sir George Howard, according to Order, reported Annuity. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Monday last, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting a Pen-fion of One thousand Pounds per Annum to Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, for their several Lives, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the lft Day of 1785, and

to be settled, in the most beneficial Manner, upon Lady Mary Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, for their several Lives.

The said Resolution being read' a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir George Howard, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and General Burgoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Crown resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^ands-the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Slate and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Rents under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to provide that the Proceedings Proceeding* now depending in the House of Commons, upon Ar- "p'nft tides of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors tobe'dlicon-which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings, tinued. Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Wool Cards. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Customs and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Excise La'vs-further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishment of Persons " going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws " of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the " Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had (lirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

26 Geo. Ill-

2 8° Junii.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevarally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

945

East India Company'! Capital.

Seamen's Power! of Attorney.

mi

The House was moved. That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the ingroftfed Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock, be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon their said Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the said Petition was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill. o

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the and, ‘upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that no Participation, agreed to by the House

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported Brituh from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Flsher'tt the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other , Amendments are necessary to be made to the said,

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Commis-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fioner. of appointing and enabling Commissioners further to ccoonu-examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of d1® Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

® ft i*___u . __. urprn

of Revenue fhtril take Place, until the Debt incurred under this Acb shall be reduced.

And the fetid Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative*

Resoboed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; to enable the East India Company to raise Money 1>y a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do cany the Bill to the Lords» and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Eut Florida Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses and Circumstances of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Clerks 1 able: Where the Amendments were Once for repealing so much of an A fit, passed in the Thirty- read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by first "x ear of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon " An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen em- were agreed to by the House.

~ ‘ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

" ployed In the Royal Navy, and for establishing* a " regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and " certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the fame, " for the Support of their Wives and Families, and " for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending -such " Payments," as direfils that the Powers of Attorney granted by inferior Officers and Seamen shall be signed before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside, or by a Clerk of the Cheque; and for otherwise preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Afa-jesty’s Ships or Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Che House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Sentence on Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Women and changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Women ^rimmais convicted of Petit Treason, and for regulating the nm, ws‘ Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein to be mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the

Bill, and which they had direaed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

,_________________ r- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, according to Order, reported from the Management

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of Taxes, thereupon, were agreed to by the House. explain, amend, and render more effefitual, an A fit.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ingrossed. "An Act for transferring the Receipt and Manage-

VoX~ Al. n II " ment

Duties, on Sweats.

Scotch

Distillery.

94.6 20 °Jumi.A. 1,786-

" ment of certain Duties therein mentioned from the " Commissioners of Excite and the Commissioners " of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for " the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further " Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to, the J Bill, and which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wpjre Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for reducing the Duty on Licences taken out by Persons felling Sweets only.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed, to by; the House, to be made Part of the Bill

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for extending the Powers of; former, Acts, relative to Wine Licences, to Licences for felling Sweets.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,. to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging Dealers in Sweets to paint over their Doors the Words. " Dealers in Sweets."

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for direCbing the Application of the Licence Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to discontirrue, for a Time to be limited, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

02

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties on upon the Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, passed ^alt< in the Twenty-second - Year of His. present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to llis Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain " Duties upon Glauber or EpSam Salts, and also on " Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glals, made from Salt,

" and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt,

" to be used in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Burpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That- this House will, Tomorrow. Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Servants?*c to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excil'e, and also on Hories, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they, had: gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

feme-

Orden'ed That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bist for better securing the Duties on Duties on Paper printed, painted, or ftained, in Great Britain, PaPen was read the Third Time.

An, ingrossed Clause was. offered to be atjlded to the Bill, by Way Ryder, declaring, That Paper now begun shall have Six Months allowed for paying the Duty.

And the said Clause was. Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Paper, already charged with the Duties, from being improperly seized.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled, up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause w^s offered to be adfied to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Exporters of Paper, after a certain Time, from receiving thp Drawback, unless the Paper is stamped in the Manner directed by the Bill.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clapfe was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question pul thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for stamping Remnants of Paper.

And the said Clause was Thrice read: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, 1

26 Geo, III.

28^-729°

947

fTioec and Employ* nenu In* teinnity.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Exporting be, An Act for better securnW the Busies oil'Paper Twenty-fifth' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Tool*>&c. printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain. 11 intituled, " 'An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Fo-

‘ 1 ' , " reign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the " Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and Lordp, and desire their Concurrence. ' "to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen

" employed in' those Manufactures to go into Parts An ingossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have " heyohd the Seas,' was read a Second Time, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifi- of the whole House. 1 .

cations within the time limited by Law, and for giving RThat tins House will, Tomorrow Morning, further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Bo- uP°n Bill, rough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to

he stamped according to Law, or having heen stamped, The House was moved. That the Petition of Joseph Me of Maa have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time Christian, on Behalf of himself and all other the Mer- 1 ,e to provide Adrniffions duly stamped; and to give further chants and Herring Curers of the Isle of Man, which Time to such Persons* as have omitted to make and file was presented to the House upon the 1961 Day of this Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of CJerks to Instant Jitne, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,

Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time. might be again read.

Resolved That the B\l\ do pass: And that the Tide And the same being read accordingly;

be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to oon-and to imdemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, fider of proper Encouragement to be given to the who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-. Fishery carried on in the Isle of Man. lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for The House accordingly resolved itself into the said giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in- Committee, demnify Members nn.d Officers in Cities, Corporations, Mr. Speaker left the Chair, and Borough Towns, whose Adrniffions have been omitted Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

to be stamped according to Law, or having been Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair,

staniped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

Time to provide Adrniffions duly stamped; and to give had come to feverat Resolutions; which they had directed further Time to £u.ch Persons as have omitted to make him to report, when the House will please to receive the and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of fame. J

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Morning.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Cordage. -An ingrossTed Bill to revive, continue, knd amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britishmade Coreland for difeontmuing the Drawbacks " upon Foreign rough Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing " a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon " Foreign rough Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a County on the;Exportation of Cordage.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

bow Wine# A to discontinue, for a Time to be limited,

ai.d Spirits, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securino the due Payment of other Duties in \ieu therep^ and fo° the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for ^ifeontinuing, for a Time to fee limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from finest Indies, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Coonjiitfee of the lyhole House, upon the said Bill-VpL. 41.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commit-whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Times sioners for appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, or certa'n Acts. other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

]Vir. Speaker left the Chair.

.Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 29" Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii HP" Regis, 1 jS6.

Prayers.

SIR George Howard presented to the House, ae- Carlton’s cording to Order, a BHl for settling and securing Annuity, a certain Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton,

Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas CarRon, Sons of the said Sir Gay Carlton, in Confi- deration

948 39° Junii.A. 178

deration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wauon’s Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Gentlemen Annuity. who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

Ditto. Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office: And the Fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brithh Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

Scotch*0^ w*JOm the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, to Towns. be therein named, by the Name and Style of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and lllands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland„ and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found -the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plaqe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questkm 1‘everally put thereupon, were agreed to by toe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for defraying the Charge of toe Mjluia. Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer-Sinking tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for

Fun<1, applying certain. Monies therein mentioned for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

0 > .

Vj&Miiing . An ingossed Bill for continuing the Salaries and Tux'* L*ud Profit of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Victualling Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Manor of East in

the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for afieffing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for their Salaries and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tomer Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any Division or Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Maimoaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for further continuing so much of an customs and Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty’s ExctfeLew*. Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishment " of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of " the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying " Offenders against those Laws upon toe Terms therein " mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the " Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs on Informations upon Seizures, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of ’

Customs or Excise, and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry toe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of all Letters and Orders received and made, Ship Buxton, by the Commissioners of the Customs, relating to the Ship Buxton, Henry Home, Mailer, laden with Foreign

Barley; together with an Account of the Time of the said Ship’s Arrival at Yarmouth, and when unladen; and also, an Account of the Time of her failing from Yarmouth, with what Cargo laden, and to what Place consigned: And also,

An Account of all Foreign and Irish Corn and Inlh Cora Grain imported Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, "dGraui-from the ill of January 1782 to the ill of January 1784; distinguishing the Sorts of Corn and Grain io imported, and reduced to Winchester Measure, per Quarter; also, i an Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain, as certified from each and every Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County or Lancaster, from the ill of January 1782 to the ift of January 1784, to the Collector of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Account are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the ifeofMan Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Fishery. ferred to consider of proper Encouragement to be given to the Fishery carried on in the Isle of Man, toe Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

%6 Geo. III.

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table’: Where the same were read; and are as fol-

loweth; viz. t.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Exportation of White Herrings taken and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of there be allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Exportation of Red Herrings taken and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, there be allowed a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, on all Herrings taken and landed by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, there be allowed a Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on Herrings taken and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, on Importation into Great Britain, do cease and determine.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries is rl-committed. That they have Power ta make Provision ift the said Bill, pursuant to' the said Resolutions.

Sentence of An ingrossed Bill for changing the Sentence to be pro-Womenj and nounced upon Women convicted of Petit Treason, arid Criminals. ^or regulating the Disposal, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for Certain heindus Offences, therein to be mentioned, was read , the Third Time.

949

Ad ingrossed Bill for appointing Cotrimissioners to East Florida, enquire into the Lolfes and Circumstances of all such Persons w ho have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the CelHon of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. 1. 25. To leave out " and Circumstances."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pau: And that the Title be, An AGk for appointing Comtfiilfioners to enquire into the Lottes of all such Persons who have fullered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to tl»e Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

An inerossed Bill to repeal so much of two Acts, Wool Cards, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Wool Cards, of a Price to be limited, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards, of a limited Price,

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Com- Commis-missioners further to examine, take, and state, the f,onere of Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third Accounts. Time.

2 Junii.

Seamen’s Powers of Attorney.

llesoboecL, That the Bill do pass j And that foe Title be, An Act so*- regulating the Dilpoial, after Execution, of the Bodies of Criminals condemned and executed for certain heinous Offences therein mentioned, and for changing the Sentence to be pronounced upon Female Convi6is, in certain Cales of High Treason and Petty Trealbn.

Ordered That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingi*crfled Bill for repealing so much of an Act passed- in the Thirty-lirft Year of foe Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of " Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequeot, u and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for " foe Support of their Wives and Families, and for " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending Inch Pmymerits," ** directa that the Powers of Attorney gratrted by inferior Officers and Seamen shall be ttgned before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside, or by ft Clerk of the Cheque, and for otherwise preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of such Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, was read foe Third Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais *. And that the Title be, An Aftfc for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty* Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Dtmdtu do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Vox.. 41.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing arid enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, arid state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, rhat Mr. Gilbert do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Britidi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fisheries. to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Commis-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for /loners for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of certain Acts. Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment waa Twice read; and, upon foe Question put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. _ ,

ill

950 29° — 3°" A. 1786.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Duties on . Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Servants, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

t to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon " Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, " or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, and to prevent " Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exporting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Tools, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the' " Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and " to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen " employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts " beyond the Seas," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

CrownLands. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Junii;

Anno 26* Georgii IIP Regis, 1786.

PRATERS.

DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjoum-of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- meat, ing next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer to ascertain the Fees to be taken by foe Officers of the £«e®on Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the Issues of "ensions-Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A Supply Bill; for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Mouey, Lotter7-to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in foe oac "* Twenty-fourth Year of foe Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional Duty " on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney " Coacheswithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for the more effectually carrying into Execution foe Laws VeUuin> &c* relating to foe Duties on Stamped Yellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property, in any Foreign Kingdom or State, from Loss by Fire; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fees, *c. of for appointing Commissioners further ,to inquire into the °®ce* Fees, Gratuities, Perqoifites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in foe fame; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Bufioels transacted in the said Offices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Powder Act for making Compensation to foe Proprietors of Works at such Lands and Hereditaments as have been pur- Faversham, chafed for foe more sese and convenient carrying on 03 His

a<5 Geo. III.

3°° Ju

95*

Pay and Navy Office Land Tax.

-American Loyal ills.

Hiis Majesty s Gun-powder Works and Mills near the Town of FircershaW, and for the better securing His Majestys Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance ot Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have screed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners. Clerks, and ether Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office, respectively, rateable to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices shotild be removed into any other Division or Place; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the

ation, or to Hard Labour on the River Thames, or House of Correction, and of those who have been executed, respited, pardoned, transported, or font to such Labour as aforesaid, and which of them have been discharged, or otherwise disposed of.

Together with Lists of the said Returns, Papers, and Account.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns, Papers, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns, Papers, and Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Robert George William Trefusis, of Trefufi^ Trefusis, in the County of Cornwall, and Albertine r,a*' Marianne his Wife (late Albertine Marianne Gaults) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioner Albertine Marianne Trefusis was

Jate unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of born of Swiss Parents at Lausanne in Switzerland, and.

Lambeth,

Jioads.

Slaughtering 1 lories.

their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the feveraf Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christchurch,

in the County of Sut'rey, and for watching, and lighting id Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

on or about the 128th Dav of April left, intermarried with the Petitioner, Robert George William at

Lausanne aforesaid, and they lately came to England; and that, previous to the said Marriage, certain Articles were executed between them, and, the Petitioner, the said Robert George William Trefusis, being entitled to a considerable Estate in Tail, it will be necessary, in order to carry the said Articles into Execution, and to make a Settlement upon the Petitioner Albertine Mean-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act anne Trefusis, that the said Petitioner should join with for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept for the her said Husband in a Recovery to be suffered of the said Purpose of flaui»htering Horles; with some Amendments; Pretnifles, and which (he cannot do until she is previously

to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dep. Lieu-lei hints Qualification*.

naturalized by an Act of Parliament, and if before such Act of Naturalization pafies, and Recover}7 suffered, the said Robert George William Trefusis should happen to die, the Petitioner Albertine Marianne Trefusis would, as she is advised, be wholly unprovided for: And there-

Oenvids.

injuua v^mcers, wnion nave uceu iranimiuea to nn> J T j ti . "6 naiuiaiiaiuoo.

Majesty 9S JPrincipaJ Secretary of State for the Home De — Ordered, ia , in Consideration of the particular Cir-

partment finee those presented to the House of Com- cumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given

mons an the i 8th Day of May 1785. to present a Petition, as desired by the said Robert George

Mr. Tbzi'rishend also presented to the House, pursuant William I rgusts and Albertine Marianne his Wife,

to their Orders, Then a Petition of Albertine Marianne Trefusis (late

Returns made by the Sheriffs and Clerks of the Peace, -f /bertine Marianne Gaults) the Wife of Robert George SCc. of the* several Counties, and of sundry Cities and in the County of Esquire,

Towns, within England and Wales, of Persons convicted was presented to the House, and read; praying, That of any Offences since the 1 ft of January 1775: And Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Herbert and Sir William Dolben do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

also,

A Return of all the Convicts sent on Board the Hulks at IVoelzs'ich, who have been sentenced to Hard Labour on the Ltiver Thames, from January 1775 to the 6th March 17 83: And also,

A Return of all the Convicts, under Sentence of Transportation, who have been ordered to a Temporary Confinement on Board the Hulks in the River

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Accounts of

______ __ ___ _______ count of all Foreign and Irish Corn and Grain imported Com,*c. to

Thames, and on Hoard the Hulks at Portsmouth, from Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, from the lft of prinu<1' January 1 775 to the 6th March 1786: And also, January 1784 to the ill of May 1786, distinguishing the

A Lift of Convicts, under Sentence of Transportation, Sorts of Com and Grain so imported, and reduced to on Board His Majesty’s Ship Dunkirk, with the Offences Winchester Measure per Quarter; and, of the Account they have been guilty of, the Time for which they were of the Prices of Com and Grain, as certified from each sentenced to be transported, which of them have been and every Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the discharged, at what Time, and on what Account: And County of Lancaster, from the lft of 1784 to

also, . the lit of 1786, to the Collector of His Majesty3

Copy of a Letter from Brook TVatson, Esquire, Sheriff Customs at the said Port, which was presented to the of London and Middlesex, to the Right honourable Lord House, upon the rath Day of this Instant June, by Sydney, dated London, 26th June 1786: And also^ Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, be

An Account of the Persons who, from the Time of printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members

the Riot and Destruction of His Majesty s Gaol of of the House.

Newgate, on the 6th Day of June 1780, to December Seffipns 1*784, inclusive, have been convicted at the Old Ordered, That such a Nnmber of Copies of the Ac- Ditto. Bailey of Feleoies, or other Offences, and in Confe- counts of Grain and Corn imported into, and exported

quence thereof received Sentence of Death, Transport- from, England, from Christmas 1771 to 1781,

Vol. 41. which

L.

Accounts of Corn,&c. to be printed.

Trefufib'

Nat.

Clyde

Marine

Society.

British

Fishenes*

Carltea’s

Annuity.

Watson's

Annuity.

95*

30° Jun 'ri. A. 1781?.

which were presented to the House upon the 20th Day of this Instant June, by Mr. Irfrom the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be l’ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all Foreign and Irish Corn and Grain imported Monthly into the Port of Liverpool, from the lft of January 1782 to the lft of January 1784, distinguHhing the Sorts of Corn and Grain so imported, and reduced to Winchester Measure per Quarter; and of the Account

at the Prices of Corn and Grain, as certified from each and every Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Lancaster, from the lft of January 1782 to the lft of January 1784, to the Collector of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port, which was Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Albertine -amt Trefusis: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, For the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters and others for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters ana others for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questlon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir GuyCarlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Confederation of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

gent and meritorious Services in that Office, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BiH.

Sir Harbot'd Harbord presented to the House, accord- Exporting ing to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and re- Sheep, Ac. dudng into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Lire Sheep,

Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Short-lings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool llightly wrought up, or otherwise put together so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds (tufted with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth,

Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and From the Iftes of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney,

Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts, and for preventing Frauds and Deceits in the winding of Fleece Wool: And the same was received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time~

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill for incorporating certain Persons to British be therein named, by the Name and Style of The British aDd Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Style of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty ad- Duties on ditional Duties upon Sweets, was read the Third Time. Sweets.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to explain, amend, and render more Management effectual, an A&, made in the last Session of Parlia- of Taxes, ment, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt " and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned,

" from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further " Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred," was read the Third Thne.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Commission-Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary -ers to adnainifter the Oaths to one another, although they General in North America, in Consideration of his dili- shall not have qualified themselves.

" 06 And

25 Geo III.

30'

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. U L.

1. io.

To leave hut " by,’ insert " was."

To leave out " by and after " Aft" an," and insert

and

1. 20.

Pr. 4. I. 30.

said

And

said

Pro-

C<

<C

Pr. 5. 1.

40.

" another" instead thereof; after " Act " to insert " was."

After " is " to insert " by the " first-recited Act."

After " Lights " to insert "

" whereas in some of the " Acts there is no exprefe vision made for the administering the Oaths thereby required."

To leave out from " same " to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and die Bill vras amended at the Table accordingly.

Resotced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Re- ceipt and Management of certain Duties therein te mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise and " the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the " Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also " for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferredand for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses and Window's or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the "Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

953

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas," was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

tt

U

Dntwa on

Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty

r__VCkn*1* U*,o "U. ’-./I. n *__

IrnTtcBy 3 dxe;

Anno 26* Georgii III" Regis, 178(6.

Prayers.

/ILBE RTINEMarianne Trefusis took the Oaths

appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the deviled Estates of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foleydeceased, in the County

second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, of Worcester, in Esquire, in Fee Simple,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Exchange for another Estate of equal Value, and

Majesty

" upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or "Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds " in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring " of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glais, Duty free, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

equal

for effecting a Sale of other Part of the said deviled Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for iuvefting the Money arittng from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

LoVr Wines and Spirits.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the /1 'ext Indies.

Vo l. 41.

Sir Herbert Mackcvorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Leoingston, of Flacraig, in the Kingdom of Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

11 K To

Exporting Tools, &c

Lord Foley's Estates,

Earl oT

Newburgh's

Estate.

954 3

£arl of

Newburch'*

EfcUe.

To prove the Allegations o the said Petition, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors <( and Popish Rccufents, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them " severally for the Use of the Public," was first read, in order to shew to your Committee, that of all the Estates forfeited for the Rebellion in the Year 1715, the Derwentwater Estates alone still remain vested in the Trustees of the Public, and by that Act it appeared, that all Estates in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, of Persons who, between the 24th Day of June 1715 and the 24th Day of June 1718, were attainted by any Law or Statute of the Realm for High Treason, were forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs, anil Successors, without any Office or Inquisition found, according to the several and respective Estates and Interests which the ibid Persons attainted had therein, except where any such Person was tinted of an Estate Tail in Possession; in which same it was enacted, that the same should lie vested in his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in Pee Simple, to the End that the same might be absolutely fold, disposed, or applied, aocording to such Acts of Parliament as might thereafter be made in that Behalf.

It appeared also to your Committee, by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for vesting the several Estates of James late Earl of " Derwentwater, and Charles deceased,

" comprized in several Settlements therein mentioned, " in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance,

for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, " and for raising certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates for the Relief of the Children of the " said Charles Radcliffe:'' That the said Charles -cliff'e, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, was attainted of High Treason on the iSth Day of May 1716, and OQ the 18th Day of December 1746, he was executed for the Treason by him committed as aforesaid.

Then an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain " and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of " the Public, and for giving Relief to law-fid Credi-' tors, by determining the Claims, and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers " the Rents and Profits of the said Estates to be sold," was read; by which it appeared, that all the Estates vested in his Majesty by the above-recited Act, passed in the First Year of King George the First, were vested and settled in certain Commissionere therein named, to the End that the same might be fold, disposed of, and applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Then an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, was read; by which it appeared, that the greatest Part of the said Forfeited Estates had been sold by the said Commissioners, to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York

Then a Report, presented to the Hoofe on the 6th Day of February 1722, from the said Commissioners, Was read; by which it appeared, that the principal Estates which then remained unfold were the Derwentwater Estates.

Then an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, was read; by which it appeared, that the forfeited Estates in England vested in the said Commissioners, which should remain unfold after the 29th of September 1723, and such of the Forfeited Estates in <Sbo/fim^/which had likewise by former Acts been vested in cej&am Com-

06 /

iniffionersk that should remain unfold on the 26th Day of June 1724, should be divested out of the said respective Commissionere, and vested in his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for the Use of the Public.

Your Committee then read an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for Sale of such of the Forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, as remain unfold, and for determining " such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been " duly entered,' remain undeterminedby which it was enacted, that any Three or more of his Majesty s Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were required to fell, to the highest Bidder, the said Forfeited Estates, and every Part of them.

And then, in order to shew that none of the Estates forfeited for the Rebellion in 1745 still remain in the Trustees of the Public, another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon " certain Terms and Conditions, the Forfeited Estates " in Scotland, which were put under the Management " of a Board of Trustees, by an Act, passed in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of hb late Majesty " King George the Second, and to repeal the said " Act," was also read; and the said several Acts were produced to your Committee, in order to authenticate that Allegation of the Petition, which states, that of all tha Estates forfeited, either for the Rebellion in 171J Of in 1745, the Derwentwater Estates alone now remain vested in the Trustees of the Public.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the other Allegations of the said Petition; and iu order to prove that the Derwentwater Estates were not mors unalienable from the Service of the Public than the Scotch Forfeited Estates, which have been lately granted to the Families of the forfeiting Persons, it appeared by the said Act of the Twenty-second of George the Second, that the said Derwentwater Estates were vested in the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance: And by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of hb late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the " Crown unalienably, and for making Satbfaction to " the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish the " Method of managing the fame, and applying the " Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing " and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Diibrders there for the future," it appeared, that the aforesaid Scotch Forfeited Estates were annexed to the Imperial Crown of- this Realm, to remain fix- ever unalienable from the same, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

And with respect to that Part of the Petition which states, That the Petitioner asks a left Favour than those to whom the Legislature hath already granted all the Estates forfeited by their Auceftors, lb much of the said Act of the Twenty-second of his late Majesty was read, as Ibews that the Petitioner’s Grandfather, the aforesaid Charles Radcliffe, became^ during his Life, under a Settlement made in the Year 1691, seised in Tail Male in Possession of the Manor of Alston Moor and Garrigih, and several other Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, which, by virtue of the aforesaid forfeiting Act, became vested in hb Majesty hb Heirs, and Successors, in Fee Simple; no Part of which Estates comprized in such Settlement the Petitioner applies to have granted to him.

Then, in order to prove that the Petitioner has better Pretentions to apply for the Restoration of the Part of the Derwentwater Estates not comprized in

the

25 Geo. III. Ijulii. 955

tb© Settlement of 1691, another Part of the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty was read; aini by that it appeared, that the Petitioner’s Grandfather, the said Charles Radcliffe, was only Tenant for Life of several Lands and Hereditaments in the said Act mentioned, under a Settlement made in the Year 1712, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; that the said Janies, late Earl of Herzventzt-ater, was in like Manner Tenant for Life of the said Estates, under the same Settlement, with the like Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and that; after his Attainder and Execution, his Son, the late John Radcliff Esquire, was admitted into the Possession, and actually enjoyed the said Estates for Sixteen Years, until the Day of his Death; and that upon the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, who had forfeited the said last mentioned Estates ouly for his Life, great Doubts and Difficulties (which were left open and undecided by the said Act) were entertained, whether the eldest Son of the said Charles Radcliff e., the Petitioner’s late Father, could, by virtue of the Limitation to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles Radcliffe, take the Estates lo limited in the same Manner as his Cousin German, the aforesaid John Radcliffe, had taken the fame, as well <m Account of his having been born within the Dominions of the French King, after the Attainder of his Father (although he was born of natural-born Sub-jafts) as on Account of no Claim having been put in within the Time limited by the Acts for that Purpose on Behalf t»f the unborn Children of the said Charles Radcliffe: It appeared to your Committee from the said Act, that the Title of his Majesty, and consequently of the Commissioners the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to the Estates comprized in the fetid Settlement of 1712, must arise either from Ef-cheat, on Account of the supposed Alienage of the Petitioner’s late Father, or from the Defect of the Entry of Claims under the said and not from any

Crime of Treason; send it appearing to your Committee that the Alienage of the Petitioner’s Father was left doubtful by the said Act, and that there were no Persons provided to claim within the limited Time, in Cafes similar to your Petitioner’s late Father (that is Persons not in ease) they apprehend that his Majesty’s Title to these Estates, comprized in the Settlement of 1712, was by no Means substantieted, as k was to the Estates comprized in the Settlement of 1691; and it does not appear, by any of the before-mentioned Acts relative to the other forfeited Estates, either in the Year 1715 or 1745 that any Degree of Doubt or Difficulty had been entertained concerning his Majesty's ablblute and indcfeaftble Right to the same.

And it also appeared to your Committee, from the fakl Act of the Twenty-second of George the Second, that no Inquisition had been taken finding the Petitioner’s Father an Alieu; and that at the Time of pa (Ting the said Act, he was absolutely unable to bear the Expences of litigating the Questions of Doubt.

It also appeared by the said Act, that the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich had paid off several Sums of Money, which were admitted Claims upon the Estates settled in 17 amounting in die Whole to the Sum of 28,900 /. over and above the Sum of 30,000l. which by the said Act was given to, or settled upon, the Family of the Petitioner for their Relief and Support.

Then Twenty-five fttverri Acts, passed iti the Reigps of King George the First, King George the Second, and His present Majesty, with the Titles and Dates of which your Committee did not think it necessary to Rouble the Home, were produced and read, by which it appeared that tho Legislature bad, in a Variety of iftstances, liberally extended their Favour and Mercy, Vo l. 41.

either to Persons attainted, or to their Descendants, or to the Children of Aliens, <by restoring or granting the Estates forfeited or escheated, by removing the Difebilities incurred by the Attainders, or by granting Sums of Money, which would otherwise have been the Property of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon tiro Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ufo of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved kself into Carlton*# a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Annuity, settling and securing a certain Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy CarUon, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas CarUon, Sons of the said Sir Guy CarUon, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

Mr. Speaker left; the Chair.

Sir George Howard took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Encourage- ®r*t»h meat of the British FHheaes, was read the Third FuhenM* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to Crown Land, inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rent*.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the BH1 to the Lord*, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times appoint- c°nunif-ed for the Fhrft Meetings of Commissioners, or other certain Aft#. Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this CW Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meeting of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An f"PP*J ®,ll» Act for granting to His Majesty & certain Sum of Mo- Fund"8 ney out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year

One

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills*

Pawn-

brokers.

Madhouses.

Vfr arson’s Annuity.

Duties on Salt.

956 30 — 40 Juki. 1786*

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And ahb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the Third-tieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, 01’

" attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by " false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption " of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in " Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the cafy Redemption of Goods pawned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses;" without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain " Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Sails, and also on " Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glals, made from Salt, " and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glals, Duty-free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, " to be used in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry to the Lord Putle* *rt the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty addi- weew‘ tional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Low whole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a "dSp11118* Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Exporting the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and Tool*,*, amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools " and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel " Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in " those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the " Seas," was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 4* die Julii;

Anno u6* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786.

Praters.

SIR George Howard, according to Order, reported Carlton’* from the Committee of the whole House, to Annuity, whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Moll Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the w&taon’s Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Annuity, enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, tfe ingrossed.

The

26 Geo. III. 4 Juliu95 7

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of French Wine exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas 1785; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all Wines, except French, exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1745 to Christmas *7S5; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A. Bill for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis, was read a Second Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir Herbert Mack worth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyn Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Earl Bathurst, the Lord Osborne, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighly*fix:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property, in any Foreign Kingdom or Stale, from Lois by Fire:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying an additional " Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and " amending several Acts of Parliament relating to " Hackney Coaches:"

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors Vo l. 41.

of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gun-powder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham; and for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government:

An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to cpn-fecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions:

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transefted in the said Offices:

An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken, by the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty s Exchequer, on the Ifl’ues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer:

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office respectively, rateable to the Lana Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render move effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to " attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue " Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; " and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Jour-" neymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," lb far as the ferae relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses :"

An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads:

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey, Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Estate of equal Value, and for effecting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the find Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for iiivefting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the 11 L Amendments

tjy

4° Juk

A. 1786.

Pr. 1. 1. 19.

1. 20.

Pr.

1. 26. 1. 1. 1.15.

sla«"iittring Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Hutu-. An Act for regulating Houses, or other Places, kept

for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth; vis.

Leave out " Horses" and insert " or " killing any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, " Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat."

After " Cattle " insert " which shall," and in the same Line, after " not," insert " be."

Leave out from " situate" to " and" in Line 38.

Leave out " Session" and insert " Sessions."

After " case of" insert " the," and in the same Line, after " of," leave out " the" and insert " any."

1. 19. After "of" leave out "the" and insert " such."

1. 22. After " ensuing" insert General," and in the same Line, after " Sessions" insert " of the Peace."

1. 26. After " or " insert " by."

1. 27. Leave out from " and " to "such" in Line 28, and insert " a Copy " of every."

1. 28. Leave out " Licences" qpd insert " Licence."

1. 33. After " all" insert " and every " Person and."

1. 38. After "wherein" insert "any," and in the same Line leave out " Duplicate" and insert " Copy." 39. Leave out " registered " and insert " entered," and in the same Line, after " and, " insert " to," and in the same Line, after make," insert " an Extract. or."

1.

<c

Pr. 3. 1. 2.

1- 3-

1.' 6.

1. V /

1. 8.

1. 11.

1. 12.

1. *3-

1. 14.

1. 15.

1. 16.

1. >7-

1. 18.

After " and " insert " all and." After " Person " insert " and Persons."

After " were" insert " he, she, or " they, shall carry on," and in the same Line leave out from " Business" to " in" in Line 7. After " his" insert " her and " their."

After Name" insert " and Names."

After " of " insert " His Majesty " King."

Leave out from " that" to " Oc-' cupier" in Line 13.

After " Occupier" insert and Occupiers," and in the same Line, after " of," insert " every." After " House " insert " or Place." After " slaughtering" insert " or " killing."

After " Filly " insert " Afs, Mule, " Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat."

After Cattle" insert " which " shall," and in the same Line, after " not," insert " be."

After " such " insert " Horse, Mare, " Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, " Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer,

1. 20. L 25.

1. 26. 1. 30. 1. 31.

1. 34-L 35-1- 37-

1. 38. 1- 39-Pr. 4. 1. 5.

1. 9.

L 13*

1. 15-1. 18. 1. 19.

1. 21.

1. 23. I. 24.

1. 25.

1. 26. 1. 29.

i 31*

1. 35-

" Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or " other."

After " Notice" insert " in Writing."

After " such" insert " Horse, Mare, " Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, " Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, " Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or " other," and in the same Line, after " slaughtered," insert " killed."

After " exact" insert " Account and."

After " Filly" insert " A6 or " Mule."

After " slaughtered" insert " or

After " Hog" insert " Goat"

After " (for " insert " either of." After " Filly " insert " Als, Mule, " Ox."

After " Hog" insert " Goat"

After " be " insert " slaughtered." After " between " insert " the " Hours of."

After " September" insert " in every

uYear."

After " Gelding" insert " Colt " Filly, Afs, or Mule," and in the same Line, after " Cow,’* insert " Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, " Goat"

After " slaughtering" insert " killing."

After " Name" insert " and " Names."

After " Place" insert " and Places," and in the same Line, after " Abode," leave out "and," and in the same Line, after " Profession," insert " and Professions."

Leave out a bringing*’ and insert " and Persons who shall bring," and in the same Line, leave out from " same " to and " in Line 22, and instead thereof insert " to be slaughtered, killed, " or flayed."

After " Reason " insert " or Reasons."

Leave out " for Slaughter, as de- dared by" and insert " to " be slaughtered, killed, or " flayed, which Reason and " Reasons," and in the same Line, after " the," insert " Person or."

After " same *’ insert " is and are " hereby required to declare to " such Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid.*

After " Inspector " insert " and " Inspectors."

After " and" insert " all and " every," and in the same Line, after " Person," insert " and " Persons."

Leave out from " any to " of ’* in Line 32, and insert " One

After " House" insert " or " Place," and in the fame

Line

6 Geo. III.

4° Jute.

5.

1-38.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1*

I -

I. 10. I. 12.

1.13-

lane leave out " kept" and insert " situate."

After " do " insert " and shall " likewise produce the same at " every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which " shall be held in and for the " said County."

39- After " that " inlert such of," and in the same Line, after " Parishioners," insert " as by Law *' are entitled to meet."

40. Leave out " met."

1. After " Officers " insert " shall.'"

2. After " wherein" insert *« any,"

and in the same Line leave out " Houses" and insert " House."

3. After the First " or " leave out

" Places " and insert " Place," and in the same Line leave out " Hand or."

4. Leave out " shall."

<5. After " be " insert " an."

7. After " inspect " insert " every. "

8: Leave out " Houses or Places " and

insert " House and Place."

After " whom " insert " all and, " and in the same Line leave out from "every" to " Person" in Line 10, and instead thereof insert " Occupier and Occupiers."

Leave out " or" and insert " and."

Leave out ,f the " and insert " his, " her, or their," and in the same line, after " llaughtering" insert " killing."

After " such insert " Horse, Mare, " Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, " Bull, Otf, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Ilog, Goat, or other," and in the same Line, after " Notice, " insert " in Writing." Leave out tc the " and insert " such."

After " their " insert " Servant or."

After " House," insert " or

« place."

After " Person " insert " or Persons," and in the same Line, after " giving," insert " such." After " Account " insert " and " Description,*’ and in the same Tinp, after " as," insert " herein."

Leave out from " Books" to " of " in Line 23> an(l iofert " and " therein to make an Entry."

After " of’* insert every " and in the same Line, leave out " Descriptions " and insert Account and Description," and in the same Line, after insert I," and in the same Line leave out from " such " to " Occupier " in

Line «4- - ,

After " pay " insert " to such

« Inspector,’ and in the same Line leave out from " Six

1. 14,

1. 16. 1. 17. 1. 18.

1. 19:

1. 22.

I. 23.

1. 26

Pr. 6.

Pr. 7.

1. 29. 1. 32.

1. 36.

1. 2. 1. 12.

1. 13.

1. 15.

h 19. 1. 21. 1. 22.

1. 24.

1. 27.

1. 30. 1. 31*

1. 33-

1. 34-1. 35.

1. 37-

1. 38.

1. 39*

1. 40. 1. 1.

1. 2.

1. 5-

959

Vo l. 41-

Pence to " and in Line slaughtering

28. Horse*.

Leave out " or " and insert *' and."

After " all " leave out " Hours," and insert " Times," and in the same Line, after " between," insert " the Hours of."

After " between " insert " the " Hours of."

After " September " insert " in every Year."

Leave out " the " and insert " any," and in the same Line, alter " Horse, " insert " Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule,

" Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf,

" Sheep, Hog, Goat."

After " slaughtered " insert " or "killed."

After " Horse " insert " Mare,

" Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule,

" Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf,

Sheep, Hog, Goat."

Leave out " unfairly " and insert " unlawfully."

Leave out " stop" and insert " prohibit."

After "slaughtering" insert "or " killing of," and in the same Line, after " Horse," insert Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly,

« Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow,

<« Heifer, -Calf, Sheep, Hog,

" G oat." *

I,eave out; Four" and insert " Eight."

After "Cause" insert "an Advertisement or."

After " House " insert " or Place."

Leave out from " situated" to " unless" in Linens, and insert " Twice or oftener."

After " Owner " insert " or Owners," and in the same Line, after " Horse," insert " Mare,

" Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule,

" Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf,

" Sheep, Hog, Goat."

After " shall " insert " sooner."

After " his" insert " her or " their," and in the same Line, after " Hand," insert " or Hands " to."

After "he" leave out "or," and in the same Line, after " Ihe," leave out to " the " in Line 38, and insert or they sent or delivered, or caused."

After " Horse" insert " Mare,

" Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afe, Mule,

« Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf,

" Sheep, Hog, Goat"

After " Cattle " insert " to be delivered to the said Person or " Persons lb licensed."

After " slaughtered" insert " or " killed."

After " such" insert " Advertisement or."

Leave out " Owner" and insert " Occupier or Occupiers."

Leave out " Owner or Owners "

and

9^o

4° Julii.

A. 1786.

Slaaghtering 1 lories.

1. 6.

1. 13*

i. 17.

1. 18.

L 23.

1. 24.

1. 27. 1. 28.

1- 33*

1. 36.

Clause (A)

Clause (B)

and insert " Occupier or Occupiers."

Leave out " Houses" and insert House," and in the same Line leave out " Places" and insert " Place."

Leave out " Hand " and insert " be " situated."

Leave out " such Offenders" and insert " the."

After " Chattels " insert " of such " Offender or Offenders."

After " Inspector of" insert " Houses and Places for."

Leave out " Houses " and insert " Horses."

After " of " insert " an."

Before " inserted" insert or Advertisements, as the same may " be."

Leave out " Act of Parliament," and insert " Statute."

At the End of the Clause insert Clauses (A) and (B).

" And be it further Enacted, That " it shall and may be lawful to " and for every Inspector so ap-/" pointed as aforesaid, at all Times " in the Day or Night (but if in the Night then in the Presence " of a Constable) to go to, enter into, and inspect, any House or " Place kept for llaughtering or killing Horses, by any Person or Persons licensed as aforesaid, " and also any Stable, Building, " Shed, Yard, or Place belonging " thereto, and then and there to " examine, search for, and fee, if " any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, or Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are deposited, or have been " brought there, and to take an " Account thereof; and all and " every Person and Persons, so " licensed as aforesaid, having, " keeping, or using, any such " House or Place for (laughtering Horses, shall, and is and " are hereby directed and re-‘Squired to permit and suffer " any such Inspector as aforesaid, at all Times in the Day ,f and Night (but if in the Night " then in the Presence of a Constable) to enter into and in-4t speft stich House or Place, " and also any Stable, Building, " Shed, Yard, or Premisses, be-‘‘ longing thereto, and freely to " examine, search for, and fee, 4t any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, A(s, or Mule, " Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other " Cattle, then and there being, " and to take such Account as hereinbefore directed."

" And be it further Enacted, That " in case any Person or Persons " who shall offer to Sale, or

07

" shall bring any Horse, Mare,

" Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs,

<c Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Ileifer,

" Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, to any Person or " Persons keeping such Slaughter' ing House or Place as aforesaid, to be slaughtered or killed, " or being dead, to be flayed or (kinned, shall not be able or " shall refuse to give a satisfactory " Account of himself, herself, or 4< themselves, or of the Means by " which the same came into his, " her, or their Possession, or if " there shall be any Reason to suspect that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, Mule, <c Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other " Cattle, is or are stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for the " Person or Persons keeping such " Slaughtering House or Place as " aforesaid, to whom the same shall be brought or offered to " Sale, and for his, her, or their " Servants, Agents, or Aflifiants, " and also for the said Inspector or Inspectors, or his or their " Servant or Servants, as aforesaid, to seize And detain such Person or Persons, and also " every such Horse, Mare, Gelding. Foal, Filly, Als, Mule, " Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, " Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or uother Cattle, so brought or " offered to Sale as aforesaid, " and to deliver such Person or " Persons, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of a Constable, or other " Peace Officer,: who shall and " is hereby required immediately to convey such Person or Persons before a Justice of " the Peace for die County, " Riding, Division, City, Li* "berty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and if such Justice shall, * upon Examination and Enquiry, have Cause to suspect " that such Horse, Mare, Geld- ing, Foal, Filly, Afs, Mule, *( Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other " Cattle, is or are stolen or unlawfully obtained, it shall and " may be lawful for such Juf-c tioe to commit such Person " or Persons into safe Custody, " for any Time not exceeding the " Space of Six Days, in order " to be further examined; and " if upon either of the said Examinations such Justice shall " be satisfied, or have Reason " to believe, that such Horse, " Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, " Afs, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox,

" Heifer,

26 Geo. III.

4° Julit.

961

pr- 8.

] 39-

I. i.

2.

3-

5-

6.

7-

9*

1. 11.

1. 12.

1. 13-

1. 15.

1. 23. 1. 26.

1. 29.

1. 38-

1- 39-

l. 40.

Pr. q. 1. 4.

1- 5

I. 7-

1. 9-

" Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog,

" Goat, or other Cattle, is or " are stolen or illegally obtained, the said Justice is hereby " authorized and required to " commit the Person or Persons,

" so bringing or offering the " same to Sale, to the Common " Gaol or House of Correction " of the County, Riding, Division. City, Liberty, or Place,

" wherein the Offence shall be Cl committed, there to be dealt " with according to Law."

After " uling " insert " any."

Leave out " hereafter" and insert " from and after the 20th Day "of July 1786."

After " Filly " insert " Afe or " Mule."

After " Hog" insert " Goat."

After " or " insert " shall."

After " Filly" insert " Afs, " Mule."

After " Hog" insert " Goat." Leave out " Houses" and insert " House," and in the same Line leave out " Places" and insert " Place without taking out such " Licence or."

Leave out " not" and insert shall " (laughter, kill, or flay the " fame, at any Time or Times, " other than and except."

Leave out " for that Purpose." After " slaughtering" insert " or " killing."

After " authorized" insert " to " prohibit the fame."

After " or" insert " shall."

After " C) ffender " insert " or " Offenders."

After * Houses" insert " and " Places."

After " using " insert " any." Leave out " Houses" and insert " House," and in the same " Line leave out " Places " and " insert " Place."

Leave out " hereafter" and insert " from and after the 20th " Day of July 1786," and in the same Line, after " into," insert " any Lime Pit or."

After " the" insert " Hide or," and in the same Line, after Hides," insert " Skin or " Skins."

Leave out " Horses" and insert " any Horse, Mare, Gelding,

" Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull,

" Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep,

" Hog, Goat," and in the same Line, after " by," insert him a her, or," and in the same Line, after them,"- insert

" slaughtered."

After " no" insert " Punishment or.

After " expressly" insert provided of."

After " Persons" insert " being " convicted thereof," and^ in the same Line, after " be" leave

Pr. 10.

Pr. 11

Vol. 41.

out to " a ’ in line 10, and in- slaughtering fert " adjudged, deemed, and Horses.

" taken to be guilty of."

1. 10. Leave out from " and" to " thereof," in Line 11.

1. 15. After " Offender" insert " or " Offenders."

1. 17. Leave out from "that" to " for-"feit," in Line 30, and insert " if any Person or Persons so " Licensed as aforesaid shall " make, or cause to be made,

" any selfe Entry in any such " Book by him, her, or them - " to be kept as aforesaid, of any

Matter or Matters, Thing or " Things, so required by him,

" her, or them to be made in " such Book as aforesaid, he, '

" Ihe, or they, being convicted " thereof upon the Oath of " Two credible Witnesses, before any One Justice of the " Peace for the County, Riding,

" Franchise, or District, wherein such Slaughtering Houfo " or Place shall be situated " (which laid Oath the said Juf-« tice is hereby authorized and " required to administer) shall «« for every such Offence."

1. 34. After " Offender" insert " or " Offenders."

1. 11. After " him " insert "her."

1. 16. After " Conviction " insert " for " any such Offence."

1. 22. After " A. B." insert " Licensed for Slaughtering Horses."

1. 30. Leave out from " Entry to in" in Line 31.

1. 32. Leave out from " Book" to " whereby," in Line 35* a°d insert " required by the Statute in that same made and " provided to be kept by the " laid A. B."

1. 2. Leave out " Inspector’s Books"

and insert " Book and Books " of all and every the Inspector " and Inspectors."

1. 3. After " wherein " insert " any,"

and in the same Line leave out " Houses " and insert " House."

1. 4. Leave out " Places " and insert

" Place."

1. 5. Leave out " presented " and insert

" produced."

1. 8. Leave out " every " and insert

" any."

1. 9. Leave out " shewn " and insert " delivered."

1. 10. After " such" insert " General " Quarter," and in the same Line, after " assembled," insert " then and there to be examined by them as they shall " think fit."

1. 13. Leave out " use or."

1. 15. After " slaughtering" insert "or " killing," and in the same Line, after " Horse," insert " Mare, Gelding, Colt, Fill}’,

" Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow,

" Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog,

11 M " Goat,’»

4* >/«.

A. 1786.

Slaughtering

Hone*.

Pr.

1. 16. 12. 1.

and

1. 14.

1* *3-1 d 14./

I. 29.

I. 31-

1- 37-

Pr. 13.

1.

I.

1.

1.

38.

15-

23-

24.

1. 30-

1.

1.

35-

36.

Pr. 14. 1. 4-

1.

1.

5-

15.

Clause (C).

"Goat," and in the same Line, after " Cattle," insert " which flball."

After *.* not" insert " be."

After " occasional " leave out " ufingor."

After " lending " leave out * as " the same may be."

After " Horse" insert " Mare " Gelding, Colt, Filly, A6, Mule, " Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat."

After Horse" insert " Mare, " Gelding, Colt, Filly, Als, " Mule, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, " Sheep, Hog, Goat."

Leave out " their " and insert " the " Hide or," and in the same Line, after " Hides," insert " thereof."

Leave out " killing their own " Horses " and insert " who shall " kill any Horse, Mare,’ Gelding, " Colt, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull, " Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, " Hog, Goat, or other Cattle of " their own."

Leave out " other."

Leave out from " Pounds " to " And" in Line 22.

Leave out " the" and insert "any." After " Justice" insert " of the " Peace."

After " certain " insert " then." and in the same Line, after " and, " insert " there to."

Leave out " and " and insert * or." Leave out " Complaint or Charge" and insert " Offence."

Leave out " or until" and insert " unless."

After " be " insert " sooner."

After " Parish" insert " or be* " ing a poor Person, relieved " or relievable by the said Parish, and entitled as such to " receive any Benefit or Interest " from any Penalty or Penalties to be paid or levied, in " pursuance of the Directions " of this Act."

At the End of the Bill insert Clause (C).

" And be it further Enacted by u the Authority aforesaid, That " if any Person or Persons shall " at any Time or Times be feed, molested, or prosecuted, " for any Thing by him, her, " or them done or executed in " pursuance of this Act, or of " any Clause, Matter, or Thing " herein contained, such Person " or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for " his, her, or their Defence; " and if upon the Trial a " Verdia shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such " Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded

" to him, her, or them, against " such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 2. Leave out "or" and insert " and."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Month.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Slaughtering for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the 0 es‘ Purpose of slaughtering Horses: And that Mr. -roaring, and Mr. Towmhend do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Maitrwaring presented to the House, accord- Ditto, ing to Order, a Bill for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly reaid a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Toamshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Customs anJ Act for further continuing certain Acts therein men- Excise Law. tioned relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; without any Amend-« ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Szoathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And alfc,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing lb much of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards of a limited Price; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Low Win« to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties and Spinu. payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits,

3 and

Swathiing

Hoad.

Wool

Cards.

Victualling Office Land Tax.

East India Company’s

Capital.

Supply Bill; Militia.

a6 Geo. III.

4* Ju

963

Offices and Employments indemnity*

Cordage.

Seamens Wages, See,

and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on " the Exportation of Cordage, and for

" discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough " Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Cordage; without any' Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending M-Haa.n6S in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge d?fcontinued. of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Warrtn Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort in Bengal, shall not

be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kxp rting Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Toots, See.Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign " Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron " and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to " prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond " the Seas," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wise* A Petition of James Cross, of Bristol, Distiller, against d Spirits, the gin to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for

Vol. 41.

Commissioners of Accounts-

Proceedings against

Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for difeontihuing, for a Time to be limited, certain impofts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, being offered to be pre-ented to the House;

The same was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiv- Low Wines ing the Report from the Committee of the whole and Spirits. House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Hpme Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain impofts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Haddington the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wn tlje electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Haddington, in the room of Hew Dalrymple, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of the Revenues and Duties of Excise and new impofts within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Hands and Territories thereunto belonging.

Mr. Wilber force reported from the Committee, to Addrefc; whom the Petition of Doctor Cuthbert Gordon was re- ®^don’* ferred; That the Committee were proceeding to examine uye' the Matter of the said Petition, when a Member present informed them, That he had learned, upon Enquiry from several principal Manufacturers, that the Value and Importance of the Discoveries stated to have been made by Doctor Cuthbert Gordon depended on their being easily introduced into general Practice, which could only be ascertained by a long Course of Experience, and many repeated Trials; and that the Committee therefore did not find themselves at present competent to proceed in the Investigation of the Matter, so as to enable them to give the House any satisfactory Information on the Subject.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Enquiry be made, under the Inspection and Control of the Committee of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Costncil for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, into the Faeis respecting certain valuable Discoveries in Dyeing, stated to have been made by Doctor Cuthbert Gordon; and humbly to beseech His Majesty to order such Reward to the said Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, as on due Investigation he shall appear to merit; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Most Honourable Privy Council,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

964

5° Julii. A. 1786.

Mercurii,5° Julii Anno 26* Georgii IIItli Regis, 1786. Praters.

Royal Afient MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molynmx Gentle-to Bills. roan Ulher of the filack Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being- returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Earl Bathurst, the Lord Osborne, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits and upon Worts, Wadi, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof:

, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six:

An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships:

An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards of a limited Price:

An Act for futther continuing certain Acts therein mentioned relating- to the further Punishment of Per-i’ons going armed or ditguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Custoni or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts:

An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on " the Exportation of made Cordage, and for

" diicontiriuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough " Hemp exported," as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage:

An Act to indemnify inch Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom:

An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for their Salaries and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex', notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place:

An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against JVarren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Fort Willi in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament:

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and securing a certain Carlton’s Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, W’ife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity, for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a Watson’s certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Com- Annuity, missary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warebam the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Charles Lefebure, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to Slaughtering

whom the Bill for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of llaughtcring Horses, was

committed;

by

2(5 Geo. III.

5° Juki-

965

2£a/l India Adairs.

Exporting 'fools, &c.

committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madfe several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Trefufis* Nat. Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of a General Court of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, held on the 30th Day of June 1786.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or te Workmen employed in those JVf anufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas," was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth "Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportstion to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made Use " of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or " Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into " Parts beyond the Seas."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Low Wines Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the and Spirits. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a Time to be limited, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, Vo u 41.

That no Foreign: Spirituous Liquors shall be imported, but in Calks of a certain Size.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, Paper, or framed, in Great Britain; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. John, for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for Southwark, better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East Florida for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province ot East Florida to the King of Spain; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " Governor" insert " Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief," and in the same Line, after " Council," insert " for the Time being."

After " Governor" insert " Lieutenant Governor or Commanmander in Chief."

After " Council " insert " for the " Time being."

After " Governor" insert " Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief."

After " Council " insert " for the " Time being."

After Governor " insert " Lieutenant Governor, or Coromander in Chief," and in the same Line, after " Council," insert " for the Time being."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the Chap-His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Juiu. confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Philip Williams, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Address for End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this printing the present Session, be printed. vT*

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies *’ c'

11 N of

Pr. 5. 1. 9.

1. 17-

1. 18.

1. 20.

1. 21.

Pr. 6. 1. 14.

Scotch Coal Trade.

Ship Buxton, &c.

Slaughtering

Horses.

p66 50 —

of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of John Esquire, Clerk of

this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, and to defray such Extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to oi;der the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the first Seven Volumes of the printed Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Add redes be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Most Honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for discontinuing the Duties now payable upon Coals carried Coastways and imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Letters and Orders received and made by the Commissioners of the Customs, relating to the Ship Buxton, Henry Home, Master, laden with Foreign Barley; together with an Account of the Time of the said Ship’s Arrival at Yarmouth, and when unladen, and also, an Account of the Time of her failing from Yarmouth, with what Cargo laden, and to what Place consigned, which were presented to the House upon Thursday last by Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. Maimcarin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Julii. A. 1786.

Jam, 6* die, Julii;

Anno 26* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Tref 'usis, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworih do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen Street to Broughton Loan;for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and for levying certain Duties from Ship Matters, and others, for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Style of The British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom; and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Blands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment; and alfe.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Twrenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom " Salts, and allb on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, " made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties " on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings (ft' Commissioners and other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And allb,

The

Trtfulig’ Nat.

British

Fisheries.

Edinburgh Streets, &c.

Clyde Marine Society.

British Fisheries, and Scotch Towns.

James

Deeping Stone Bridge Road.

Duties on Salt.

Comaiiffionen for certain Acts.

26 Geo. III. <5* Julii.

Management The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Taxes. Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and Manage-"meat of certain Duties therein mentioned from, foa " Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of " Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the " Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect of the said Duties so transferred;" and for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for die Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under -their Management; without any Amendment: And also.

Duties on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Sweets. for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons defiling in Sweets; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duties on An ingrossed Bill to limit a Time for the Re-payment

Servants, See. of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j

Pr. 24. J. 22. To leave out "or either" and insert " Branch " instead thereof.

To leave out " of Excise."

To leave out " any or."

After " Revenues" to insert " of Customs or Excise."

After Majesty’s" to insert " said." To leave out " any or."

After " Revenues" to insert " of Customs or Excise."

To leave out <c any or."

After Majesty's " to insert " said." To leave out " Noli," and insert " Nolle" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Pr. 25. i. 4-1. 30. 1. 31-

1.

Pr. 26. 1.

36.

18.

1.19.

1. 24.

1. 25. 1- 33-

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,.That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to Hrojt a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons,

Wains, and Casts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the East Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Affairs. Door; he w'as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of a General Court of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indie, held on the 30th Day of June 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Civil List. Order,

A Plan of the Civil List Establishments and Payments, drawn out in Classes, and arranging, by Estimate, the Expence of each Class, and of each individual Office in each Class, in the Manner directed by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge " the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues,

" and for preventing the same from being in Arrear " for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments " out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or " regulating certain Offices therein mentioned) which " are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil " Lift."

And the Title of the said Plan was read.

The said Plan is as followeth; viz.

A PLAN of the Civil List Establishments and Payments, drawn out in Classes, and arranging, by Estimate, the Expence of each Class, and of each individual Office in each Class, in the Manner directea by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt " contrafted upon His Civil List. Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by " regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices " therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List."

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and* Allowances of the Royal Family. His Majesty’s Privy Purse

The Queen ——

Prince of Wales -

Duke of York, Prince William, and the other Princes Duke of Cumberland -

Princefe Amelia ——

£. s. d.

£ s. d.

60.000 -

58.000 -

50.000 -

14,500-----

9,000-----

12.000 -

203,500 — —

Vol. 41.

SECOND

968

Civil List.

6° Julii.

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal ' -

Speaker of the House of Commons, 5 /. a Day -

Judges of the Court of King’s Bench -

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas -

Barons of the Court of Exchequer -

Chief Justice of Chester -

Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales -

THIRD CLASS: ’

The Salaries to Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts.

FRANCE:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 100l. a Week -

- ilbt

= =}

£ 730----1

400

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

Secretary to the Embafty, 40 s.a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

SPAIN:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 100l. a Week £.5,214 5 8}

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,600----- j

Secretary to the Embafty, 40 s. a Day - 730----

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements - 400-----

PORTUGAL:.

Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8/. a Day -Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

TURIN:

Envoy Extraordinary, 5 /. a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

3 . df.

5,000-----

1,825-----

8.500 -

7.500 -

6.500 -

730 -

2,900-----

5,214 5 8

1,600-----

1,130-----

NICE

Vice Consul

NAPLES:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

FLORENCE:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

VENICE: Resident, 3 /. a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

SWISS CANTONS:

Charge des Affaires Ambassador, 31. Day

CONSTANTINOPLE:

6,814 5 1,130 —

2,920----

300-----

1,825 — 400 —

2,920----

400-----

2,920----

400-----

1,095----

400-----

HOLLAND:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 10/. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

Deputy Conservator at Campveire.

His Majesty’s Agent at Rotterdam -

VIENNA:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

3,650-----

1,600----

120 ——

248-----

2,920 — 600 —

A. 1786.

3.

32,955 ~

7,944 5 8

7,944 5 8

3,220---- r

2,225-----

34o-----

3.320 -

3.320 — —

i,495 -

250-----

1,095-----

5,618-----

3,520-----

BRUSSELLS:

26 Geo. Ill

6° Julii.

BRUS SELLS.

Minister Plenipotentiary, 5 /. a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

RUSSIA.

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day -Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements - - - "

BERLIN.

Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, 8/. a l->ay

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

Secretary of Legation -

SWEDEN.

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, 5 /. a Day

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements - - - "

DENMARK.

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 /. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

POLAND.

Minister at Warsaw, 3 I. a Day -Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

DRESDEN.

Envoy Extraordinary, 5 /. a Day - -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements -

HANS TOWNS.

Nlinilter, 3/. a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements - -

ELECTOR PALATINE.

Nf miller at Ratisbon, 3 I. a Day Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

elector

miller at 3/. a Day -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements

OF COLOGNE.

TSAinifter to the I.and grave of Hesse Cassel Consul at Madrid - —

Consul at Cadiz - —

Consul at Carthagena 7 - —

Consul at N a pies - —

Consul at Corunna Galicia - —

Consul at Genoa —

Coniul General at Morocco _

Consul at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements Consul at Algiers -

Ditto, Extraordinary Disbursements Coniul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges Consul at Trieste -

Consul at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica. Consul General to America Consul General at Grand Cairo

£ s. d.

1,825----

400-----

2,920----

600-----

2,920----

400 — — 360 -

1,825----

400-----

2,920----

400-----

1,095-----

400 — —

1,825

400

1,095----

300----

1,095----

300-----

1,095----

300 — —

- £ 380-----1

250---- j

600----,

485 11 6J

969

CivH Life

£. s. d.

2,225 -

3,520 —

3,680 -

2,225 —

3,320 -

1,495 -

2,225 -

i,395 -

i,395 — —

1,395 -

400-----

1.000 -

200 -

3OO-----

400 ——

250 -

250 -

800 -

500 -

630----

1,085 11 6

200----

120----

200 -

1.000 -

350 -

70,852 2 IO

N. B. During the Absence of the Ambassadors at the Courts of France and Spain, the Secretaries to the respective Embattles are appointed Ministers Plenipotentiary, at a Salary of 3 /. a Day; but this Expence, being very uncertain, cannot be estimated.

At present there is an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Coutt of France, with an Allowance of 101, a Day *- -

And for extraordinary Disbursements -

And there is a\fo a Commissary appointed to treat about Affairs of Commerce with the Court of Spain, at 5/. a Day

Secretary to Ditto, U. a Day - .

But as these Employments are only temporary, the Expence

is not inserted in the aforegoing; Eftirriate.

£. s.

3,650-----

i,6oo-----

s. d.

5,250 — —

2,190 —

7,440----

Vol. 41.

u O

FOURTH

L.OOQ1C

Civil List.

97o

6° Julii.

A. 178

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied or Work done for His Majesty s Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain -Ditto ---- of the Lord Steward -

Ditto ---- of the Master of the Horse ..

Ditto ---- of the Mailer of the Robes -

Ditto ---- of the Uiher of the Court of Exchequer -

Ditto ---- of the Uiher of the Receipt of Exchequer

Ditto for Printing, &c. -

Ditto for Stationery, &c. for the House of Lords and Commons Ditto of Tradesmen to the young Princes -

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

The Lord Steward, at the Exchequer -

Salaries to the Household -

Allowances to Ditto -

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward

Ditto - - to the Chapels -

Wages to the Chapels -

The Lord Chamberlain, at the Exchequer Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Office -

Vice Chamberlain, at the Exchequer -

The Groom of the Stole, at Ditto -Twelve Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber, Ditto Thirteen Grooms of Ditto - - - - at Ditto

Apothecary to His Majesty - - - - at Ditto

Ditto - - to the Household - - - at Ditto

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Horse Salaries in the Office of Master of the Robes

SIXTH CLASS:

Pensions.

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasury -

Ditto - formerly paid by Paymaster of Pensions -

Ditto - - - - -to the late Queen Caroline’s, and late Princess of Wales’s, Servants -

Pensions by Sign Manuals ——

Ditto - by Patents and Privy Seals -

Ditto - to late Ministers at Foreign Courts One contingent Pension -

One D* ——

at£. 2,680----'

at

800

= =}

Annual Bounty, paid in the Office of the Lord Steward - ‘

Quarterly Bounty - - - D°

Compenfetion to Persons under the Lord Steward -Ditto - - to the Persons paid in his Office -Ditto - - to Persons paid in the Office of Lord Chamberlain -

Ditto - - paid in the Office of Master of the Horse - £.1,055----"I

Pensions in - - D" - - - 701 5 — /

Compensations in the Office of Master of the Robes - -

£. t. d.

43.000 -

50.000 -

23.000 -

2.200 -

1.200 -

7.000 -

7.000 -

2,800-----

11.000 — —

1,540

15,204 4

6,573 17

740 —

4,679 7

4>5 14

?. d.

147,200-----

3.000 — 23,673 5

600 —

2.000 —

12,000 —

6,500 — 115 — 53 6

24,354 <4 —

38,544 19 —

11,056

2,542

12,604

8,975

3,48o

— 4

11 —

1,985 -

1,259 -

1,211-----

4,395 -

5,487 11 4

1,756 5 —

538 2 6

29,153 3 8

47,941 12 5 12,790 19 4 1,080----

9°,965 15 5

ioi,557 4 4

16,631 18 10

118,189 3 2

SEVENTH

26 Geo. III.

Salaries of all

6° Jute-

seventh class.

other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

Two Grooms of the ExcheqUe

Organ Blower at Whitehall r>.r’ a* 1 per Annum each Rent of Passage into Channel *

O? T , TI.J. /I..,_____ 1 *tov

»w

Sir John Hinde Cotton, on a t>

48 Kings Watermen, at 3 £ erpetuity 12 Penuonary Ditto _ s' a Year each Clerks in the Pipe Office " " -

D° of the Pells in the Tally o " '

Clerk of the Pleas, and CUl °!irt1. "

Vicar of the Tower - s m his Office

Usher of the Exchequer - ~ *

Ministers of Saint Botolnh n " . "

Clerks in the King’s ReiL^u Churchwardens of Saint J^l *jan<i®rs Office Organist to Whitehall Chape" Perperuit? "

Secondaries in the Office of v; ~-v t> ~ , "

D® - - in the Office of £ S<- Il?m£mbran«!r - -

HoU(ekeep€ratWertrarn^rTrea, UrersROTembra'«e''- -

Two Secondaries in the pipe office, at y ' each *. 1

A Person to lift the \V ater at the Treasury - - - .

University of Oxford, Perpetuity for a Preacher ----- D - - of Cambridge, D® - - - D® -

" D* ' " - - Perpetuity

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield, D® - - .

Schoolmaster of Southwell - - D° -

Reader at Whitehall Chapel - D® - - I I I I I

Clerk at - D° - - - - D® - -

Clerk of the H°ufe of Commons - _

Clrrks of the Office of Treasurer’s Remembrancer -

Chui cii wardens of Saint Michael’s, Perpetuity - _

University of Cambridge, Perpetuity, Divinity Le&urer -

Ditto - . of Oxford - - D® - - D® _

Vicar of Litchfield - - - D*

Emanuel College - - D®

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordinance, i a Day.

Clerk of the Nichells....

Dorter of the Exchequer - - - ..

Grentiemen of the Chapel in lieu of Three Deer -Dour Pursuivants at Arms, 20/. each -Clerk of the Estreats in the Common Pleas -

Advocate General - - _

Under Keepers of Cran bourne Chace -

Churchwardens of Saint Magnus, Lothbury, Perpetuity ... Eight Heralds, 26/. 13s. 4d. each - ..

Second Secondary in Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office.

Turncock at Saint James’s - -

Office Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office -

A Person to attend and work the Great Water Engine at Windsor Castle -

Keeper of the King’s Swans - -

24. Whitehall Preachers, at 3°*- P«r Annum each -

Turncock at Whitehall - -

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, 31/. 13 a. 4</. each -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer ——

Clerks of the Exchequer -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, a per Day -Clerk of the Ordnance - --D* -

Matter of the Temple - -

"Plumber in the Office of Works *

Three Kings at Arms, 4°^ each -

Ranger of Salfey Forest -

Professor of Physic at Oxford - -

X>° - of Law - at D* -

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer - -

Regius Professor of Laws, Cambridge -

Professor of Physic - - D* -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel -

Messenger to the Order of the Bath -

Keeper of all the Engines -

Treasurer of the Ordnance....., -

Vol. 41.

971

Civil List*

£ s. d.

2-----

2 -

3 10 —

5 6 S

150-----

37 10 —

4 11 8

5 -

6 10 —

6 13 4

6 »3 4

7 -

7 13 4

7 13 4

8 -

8 — —

926 20-----

10

10

10

10 —

10

10

10 —

10 — - -

10 —

11 5 —

12 4

l3 6 s

*3 6 8

*5 — .

16 13 A

18 5

20 *

20 *

20 _

80 —

20

20

20 —

21 8

213 6 8

ao 13 4 28 15

30-----

30-----

30-----

720-----

30 6 3

95-----

8

33 6

35 — —

36 10 __

36 10 —

6 8

2 Q

37

38

120----

40----

40----

4-0----

40----

40----

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

Comptroller

972

6° >/«.

1786.

Civil List.

Comptroller of the Pipe -

Twelve King’s Council, at 40/. each -

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity -

The King’s Organ Builder -

Person for providing Strings for Musical Instruments, &c. - -

Chamber Keeper of the Cockpit Rooms -

Ranger of Windsor Forest, for Swanimote Courts -

King’s Heralds and Pursuivants of Arms, for Attendance on Feftival Days King’s First Serjeant -

Eaton College, Perpetuity ——

Office Keeper to the Wardrobe -

34 King’s Mefl'engers, 4.5 /. each -

Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2 s.6d. a Day -Office Keeper and Necessary Woman to Commissioners for Indian Affairs, 48/. each Gate Keeper in the Road to Fulham -

Three Mefl’engers to the Office of the Commissioners for Indian Affairs, 50/. each Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity -

Engraver of Seals ——

King’s Clerk in the Crown Office ——

Register of Loans ——

1 Messenger to the Treasury ——

Principal Painter ——

Keeper of the Ordnance, 3$. a Day -

King’s Remembrancer, Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy

Two Office Clerks of the Works, 60/. each -

Messenger of the Press -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Wardrobe -

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -

Carpenters and Joiners in Ditto -

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance -

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners -

Office Keeper, Messenger, and Porter, in the Office of Works -Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for East India Affairs, 80/. each -Rat-killer -

Housekeeper of the Treasury ——

Ranger of St. James’s Park -

Attorney General

Register of the Order of the Bath

Secretary to Ditto ——

King at Arm3 -

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury, and for carrying Letters - -

Gentleman IHher of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger to the Treasury Chamber -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer -

Clerk of the Cheque to the King’s Mefl’engers -

40 Gentlemen of Band of Pensioners, 100l. each -

Surveyor of the Woods ——

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath -

Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Ditto - - Ditto, - for repairing the Pier - -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax Perpetuity - -

Ditto of N. Yates - - Ditto ——

Marshall of the Ceremonies -

Clerk of die Wardrobe - -- --....

Poet Laureat ——

Yeoman Uftier of the Black Rod.....-

Eleven Masters in Chancery, 100l. each ——

Garter King at Arms.....- - -

Master of the Barges ——

22 Clerks in the Treasury, 100l. each ——

Four Clerks of the Council, 100l. each ——

Clerk of the 11 orks for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich House, and Winchester -Professor of Botany, Cambridge -

Nine Serjeants at Arms, 100l. 7 s.6d. each -

Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe -

s.

6 10

5 —

10

1.5

17

10

1

»3

L

4

480 40 40 40 40

40

41

41

42

45

1,530

91 96

49

150

50 50 50 50 50 50

54

55

60 120 60

64

65

747 *95

66 70

70

72

73

73

74

160

80 80

80

81

9°

9°

90

90

9°

90 96 99 4,000 —

100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — -

100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 1,100 — 100 —

100 — 2,200 — 400 —

100 — 100 —

9°3 103 — — Chamberlains

6

4

9

3 4

6 8

16

!3

15

8

4

7 6

46 Geo. Ill

6° Julii.

Chamberlains of the Exchequer - - " - -

Clerk of the Pipe - " - " -

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Pensioners -

Afliliant Mailer of the Ceremonies - --- - - - .

Accomptant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts -

Second Clerk to the Commissioners for die Affairs of India - -

Supervisor of the Work of digesting Records -

Mailer of the Mechanics ——

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer - -

Solicitor of the Court of Exchequer ——

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall ——

Mailer General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of New Park, Richmond, for Self and Under-keepers -

Governor of Windsor Castle, ioj,a Day - -

Clerk of the Works for D*, Queen’s Dodges, and some of the King’s Houses in and about Windsor - _ .

Knight Harbinger - ....

Keeper of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates - _ - -

King’s Clock-maker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding-up Clocks at the several Palaces

Bishop of Cheller, for Four Preachers....

Two Keepers of State Papers, 200 /. each....

More to them for Clerks _ -

More to them for Expences ——

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court Palace, Park, Gardens, and Bulhy Park, and Care

of the Water Works and Langford River....

Ulher of the Black Rod ——

Clerk of the Works for St. James’s, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster -

One of the Solicitors to the Treasury - ~

Constable of Dean Fore ft ——

Resid ent Clerk of the W orks ——

Clerk of the Works for Queen’s House, Carleton House, Mews, Kensington Palace, and King’s Road - -

Keeper of the Lions - " ——

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, &c. -

‘®ur Clevks of the Council, 250/. each -

Astronomer Royal....

CJerJc of the Works for Richmond, Kew, and New Park Lodge -

J'our Mefleneers of the Exchequer on their Salaries and Allowances 258/. i6j. 10 each - -.....-

Cursitor Baron in the Exchequer -

Warden of Waltham Forest - -

Latin Secretary ——

Master of the Ceremonies 200-----(

Ditto, in lieu of Bills - - 100----- J

British M uleum, for Care of Kings Libraries ——

Under Clerks of the Council, for Attendance on Matters of Trade -First Clerk to the Commissioners for A flairs of India - -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue ——

Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners -

Resident Clerk of the Wardrobe — -

Examining Clerk of the Works - -

Clerk of the Pells -- - - -....

Christ’s Hospital ——

Inspector of His Majesty’s Works, &c. ——

Professor of Modem History, Cambridge -

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury....

Chief Clerk to the Commissioners for Affairs of India - -

Professor of Modern History, Oxford ——

Examiner of Plays -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue - -

Keeper of the Records in tha Receipt of Exchequer, and at the Chapter House, Westminster, himself '400l., Clerks 500l. ——

Ulher of the Exchequer, for 10 Watchmen and 2 Superintendants -Auditor of the Exchequer.

Office Keeper at the Treasury, for Attendance and Disbursements -Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners -

Keeper of Council Records....

Riding Forester of New Forest »_ ....

Four Under Secretaries of State, 500l. each

Keeper of the Records in the Tower - „ -

Vo 1.. 41.

11 P

9 73

/. s. d. Civil List.

T04 6 »

107 4 a

120 -

121 13 4

13°----

13a 3 4

150----

150-----

150----

150-----

150----

156 >o —

160 — —

175 18 4

178 10 —

182 10 —

180-----

19.) 16 $

200 — — '

200-----

200-----

400 — —

200 — - —

200----

200-----

200----

200 -

200 -

210----

211----

220 -

228 2 6 230 5 6

1,000 -

320----

250----

i,°35 7

263 0 270 —

280 —

300 —

300 —

300 —

300 —

300 —

310 —

318 —

355 —

367 15 370 10 400 —

400 —

400 —

400 —

400 ---

400 —

400 —

qoo----

438 -

460 3 4

4.80-----

500----

500----

5®Q----

2,000----

500 — —

Surveyor

Civil Lid.

974

6° JuliL

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works -

Chancellor of the Garter -

Officers of Windsor Forest -

Clerk Allistant of the House of Commons -

Under Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Solicitor to - - - D"

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Captain of the Band of Pensioners - -

Surveyor of Lands - -

Matter of the Hawks - -

Ranger of Hyde and St. James’s Parks - - - *

Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent - -

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office -

Lord Privy Seal -

Chief Justice in Eyre South of Trent - -

Lord President -

Constable of Dover Castle -

Secretary of State -

D* - - D* - - -....

EIGHTH CLASS:

-^.1786.

£. s.

510-----=

570 5 —

587 9 11 600 — — 600 — —

600-----

900-----

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,372 10 — 1,582 17 6

1,500-----

1,666 13 4

2.000 -

3.000 -

3,466 13 4

4.000 -

4,100----

5.680 -

5.680 -

81,440 — 1

The Salaries and Penfioos of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and , Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury First Commissioner of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer

Amount of the First Class -Second Class Third Class Fourth Glass Fifth Class -Sixth Class Seventh Clafe Eighth Class Occasional Payments

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 6th of July 1786.

- £. 8,000----

4,022-----

1,800----

13,822 — —

203,500-----

32,955 -

70,852 2 10

147,200-----

90,965 1.5 .5 118,189 3 a 81,440 — 1

13,822----

138,476 4 6

897,400 6 —

George Rose.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England - -

Ditto - - - - Ditto - - - - in Ireland - - - - -'-

For the Relief of certain French Protestants -

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professors -

Chamberlain of London, for the Poor of the said City -

Sundry Ministers, 20/. each, to defray the Expence of their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges - -

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court -Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -

Ditto, for Over Payments on their Accounts - -

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -

Serjeant at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries - -

Expences in Windsor Great Park -

Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -

Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water -

Ditto, ----- for supplying Kensington Palace and Gardens with D#

Chairman of the Sections at Westminster, for Dinners -

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplufl'age on his Accounts - -

£. s. d.

i>7oo-----

800-----

500-----

900-----

1.000 -

200-----

7.500 -

300-----

13,000-----

3.000 -

2.500 -

1.000 -

4.000 -

220 16 —

52 14 —

150-----

218 8 8 500 -

Bail i ft’

2,6 Geo. III.

6° Jttl

Bailiff of the Tower, for contingent D^Wfements - .

Ground Rent of Cumberland House - - .

Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, <§»c. of London, for Impost on Wines -

Rent of Mote Park - ....

Secret Service - - ....

Foreign Secret Service - _ . - -

Special Service and Royal JBounty - - .

Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons - ....

Extra Extraordinaries to JVf inifters at Foreign Courts -Equipage - - - toD* - D* -

Prefenis to Foreign Ministers on their Return Home....

Lord Almoner, for Alms, - - - . _

Messengers Bills - - .

For the Relief of Poor French Protestant Clergy -

'tto "0 ~ for the Laity - -

Sundry Ministers, Schoolmasters, Poor, 8$c....

Contingent Expences in the Treasury Office

Ditto - - - - in the Office of the Commissioners for Affairs of India

Ditto - - - - of Secretary of State, Home Department -

Ditto - - - - of . _ _ . Foreign Department -

Ditto - of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council -

’ of Committee for Trade and Plantations -

Civil List Duty and Fees on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse - -

Sir Sampson Wright % for hiring Men to Patrol the Afferent Roads -

His Majesty s Charity to sundry Female Objefits in Distrefe, paid at the Treasury - ----- 1200----

Cm! Lift Duty and Stamps - 32136

975

s.

18

14

16

d.

6

6

400

316

98 323

10.000 -

25.000 -

20.000 -

1,409----

1.500 -

2,000-----

1.500 -

1,119-----

12,000 -

1,718 4 — 6,872 16 —

L345 10 4

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2,600----

700-----

250-----

1,741 12 — 2,8o6‘ 1 —

1,232 13 6

Civil List.

138,476 4 6

Adjourn-

ment.

Low Wine* and Spirits.

Ordered, That the said Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

An in^rofied Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing for a Time to be limited certain Imposts and Duties upon Hum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was read the Third Time.

'The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. si- 1. 24. After " together" to insert " except."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 52. 1. 37, by leaving out the Words " including the Bran thereof."

And the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment following was likewise proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 61. 1. 33. To leave out " Four" and insert " Five " instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing

Vol. 41.

the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The ffrest Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carty the Bill to th®

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presente<3 to Addref? — His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Black Per-such Directions, as His Majesty in His great Wif<|om ^n*’. ^m shall think proper, for the Relief of a Number of dil — treffed Black Persons, and Persons of Colour, now in this Country, and for lending them to such Place t»^yond the Seas as shall by His Majesty be thought bell adapted for that Purpose; and to allure His Majesty, that whatever Expence His Majesty shall incur on this Account, this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously plealed to order the Sum of One hundred Pounds to be paid to Mr- Henry Gunnell, for his Trouble and Charges in attending the Committee appointed to inquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extenfio’n; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Address — Oram for attending Committee.

byGoO^k

916

i o° Julii.

A. 178

Lutue, 10° die Julii

Anno 26* Georgii III. U Regis, 1786. Pratees.

Royal A (Tent A MESSAGE by Sir Gentle-

to Bills. J\ man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Style of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts

of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for Other Purposes:

An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their Charitable and useful Designs, and for levying certain Duties from Ship Matters and others, for that Purpose:

An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to over Part of the Lands of Broughton. the House of Peers. An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates,

And being returned; and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire employing the Poor in the Parish of Saint John, of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Coro- in the county of:

mission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the where a Commission under the Great Seal was read. Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second

was

giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the

of

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate, in

Lord ArchbUhop oiCanterbury, Lord High Chap- ford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the

" ’ of in the County of

cellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Earl Bathurst, the Lord Osborne, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills ace_as fofloweth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons tJeafing in Sweets: An Act for better securing the l)'utKS on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the

South End of the Town Rutland.

The House being informed of a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying " certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyfix; and for further appropriating the Supplies " granted in this Session of Parliament," and that the same was an Error in the Ingrossment of the said Act; The House was moved, That the First of the Resolu

Sinking Fund.

Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, tions which, upon the 7th Day of February last, were intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty addi- reported from the Committee of the whole House, to " tional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted " Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali, to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, " or Flux for Glass made from Salt, and to J

from Salt, and to prevent " Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in " manuring of Lands," as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free:

might be read*

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the last of the Instructions which, upon the 26th Day of June last, were given to the Committeepf the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, was committed, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And it appearing from the Clause offered in the Committee on the said Bill for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament and which was reported and agreed to by the House the 27th Day Day of June last, that the Words were, Y* One Million " Five hundred thousand Pounds," ai^d not " One Million Five hundred Pounds,’’ as inserttSd in the said Act; and that the same was a Mistake in the xngroffment of the said Bill;

Ordered, That Leave be given to brine in Aa Bid so rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this S. present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Xgranting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money wut of " the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Mciuies " therein mentioned for the Service of the Year <Vne thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and

British Fisheries:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management " of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, " respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of " Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in " respect to the said Duties so transferredand for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain:

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

further appropriating the Supplies

02

granted in th\ " Sessioi«

16 Geo. III.

io

Julii.

977

" Session of Psriiament:* And feat Mr' Steele and Mr. and to aftrc H» Maje%, that this House wHl make Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fr^e. make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; ari,i that His Majesty had commanded him to T1j6 Lord Gakvay reported to the House, That acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as their Address (A Wednesday last (that His Majesty would defied by the said Addresses.

be graciously pleated to confer Ibnoe Dignity in the

Church upon the Reverend Mr. Phillip williams, Mr. Sleek presented to the House, according to Sinking

Chaplain to this House) Had been presented to His Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in Fund.

Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act acquaint this House, that He will confer feme Dignity in " for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money

the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Phillip Williams, " out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain

as is desired.

The Lord Galway also reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Inquiry be made, under the InspeCfcion and Controul of the Committee of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, into the Fasts respecting certain valuable Discoveries in Dying, stated to have been made by Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, and humbly to beseech His Majesty to order such Reward to the said Do6lor Ctethbert Gordon as, on due Investigation, he shall appear to merit, and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address,

" Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and " for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of ParliamentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein, nor any Amendment being proposed to be made thereto;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Gr

Mr. Speaker-,-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trefoils* Na<.

The Lord Galway also reported to the House, That for naturalizing Albertine Marianne ;without

their Addresses of TVednesday last (that His Majesty any Amendment: And also,

would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Slaughtering thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to John for regulating Houses and other Places kept for the Pur- Horses-Hatsell, Eiquite, Clerk of this House, towards defraying pose of slaughtering Horses; without any Amendment: the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from And also,

the End of fee last Session of Parliament to the End of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act L°w

this present Session, and to defray such extraordinary to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of and p,nts*

Expences as bav® been, or shall be, incurred on Ac- the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, for Home

count of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; Consumption, and for granting and securing the due

and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for tlies

to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing better Regulation of fee making and vending British

and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time,

of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits i rx* -

graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying ported from without any Amend me vxt;

the Expences attending the printing the Copies of And also,

Hills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been The Lords have agreed to fee Bill, intituled, An _A.<*fc Duties oit printed by Order of this House in this Session of Par- to limit a Time for the Re-payment of fee Duties on Servants, «c. liament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of pleaded to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards defraying by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amend-the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred ment of federal Laws relating to the Duties under the Copies of the General Index to the first Seven Volumes Management of the Commissioners of Excise; without of the printed Journals of this House, and to allure any Amendment: And also,

t»- * TT ~ — 1---- A r — N The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crown

for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State Lands, and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to fee Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; without any Amendment: And also,

_____ _ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carlton's

' Majesty would be graciously pleased to give such Di- for settling and (bearing a certain Annuity for the Use of Annuity, reftions as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight think proper, for the Relief of a umber of distressed of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy ’Black Persons, and Persons of Colour, now in this Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of fee said Sir Guy Country, and for lending them to such Place beyond Cartton, in Consideration of the eminent Services pev-the Seas as shall by His Majesty he thought best formed ‘by him to His Majesty and this Country; adapted for that Purpose, and to afiure His Majesty, without any Amendment: And also,

that whatever Expence His Majesty shall incur on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wat Ton’s that Account, this House will make good the fame; <to enable Mis Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Annuity, and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased Brook Watson, Esquire, lute Commissary General in to order fee Sum of One hundred Pounds to be paid North America, in Consideration of his diligent and to Mr. Henry Gunnell, for his Trouble and Charges meritorious Services m that Office; without any Amend-in attending the Committee appointed to inquire into ment: And also,

... _ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exporting

Act to explain and antend an Act, made in the Too/s, &c.

i i Q Xwenfy-

His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Lord Gakaay likewise reported to the House, That their Adresses of Thursday last (that His

O uppwiuivu tu 11HJUII v imv

the British Fisheries, and into the most

effectual Means for their Encouragement and Extension,

VOL. 41

978 i oG Julii. A* 1786.

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act; to prohibit the Exportation to " Foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom,

" and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen " employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seaswith some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ship Owners The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Masters. explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to settle " how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the " Acts of the Mailers or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sinking An ingrafted Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made

Fund- in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of " Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying " certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyfix; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted " in this Session of Parliament," was read the Third Time.

.The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 1. 1. ult. After "inserting" to insert "by the " Clerk of the Parliaments."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out " of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies " therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session " of Parliament."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exporting The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Tools, &c. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to " Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made Ule of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, " and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen " employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts " beyond the Seas."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 22. After " notwithstanding " insert the following Clause:

" And be it further Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That " from and after the Tenth Day " of July One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-six, it shall " not be lawful for any Person " or Persons, in the Kingdom of " Great Britain, to export to " Parts beyond the Seas (except " to Ireland) or to have in his " or their Possession, with the " Intent so to export, any of the " Tools and Utensils herein after

" mentioned; (that is to say)

" Wire Moulds for making Paper; Wheels made of Metal,

" Stone, or Wood, for cutting,

" roughing, smoothing, polishing,

" and engraving Glal's; Purcellas, Pincers, Sheers, and Pipes,

" used in blowing Glass; Potters " Wheels, and Potters Lathes,

" for plain, round, and for Engine Turning; Tools used by " Sadlers, Harness Makers, ana " Bridle Makers, namely, Cantie Strainers, Side Strainers,

" Point Strainers, Creasing Irons,

" Screw Creafers, Wheel Irons,

" Seat Irons, Pricking Irons,

" Bolfteiing Irons, Clams, Head " Knives; and that the said recited Act, so far as the same " concerns the Exporters or Pof- feflors of the Tools and Utensils therein enumerated or " described, shall extend, or be " constilied to extend, to all and " every the Exporters or Possessors of the Tools and Utensils herein enumerated and " described, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the " same were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this

" Aa."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 1.. After "explain" leave out "and," and in the fame Line, after " amend," insert " and extend to " other Tools and Utensils."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Ship Owner* the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- and Matters, tituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall " be answerable for the Acts of the Mailers or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. Leave out from " Whereas " to " all," in Line 36.

1. 37. After " are " insert " by Law."

Pr. 3. 1. 3I Leave out " passing of this Act," and > and insert " lft Day of September 4.)" 1786."

1. 32. Leave out " passing of this Act," and insert " lft Day of September 1786."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House.bath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kirkcud-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for bright Writ, a the

tL iV

Sinking Fund.

26 Geo. III. io°- — 110 Julii.

919

the electing of a. Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in the room of Peter Johnston, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Stewartry, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His. Majesty’s Manor of East in

the County of Berks.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled," " An Act for granting " to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the " Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein " mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selficm Qf par_ " liamentwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An Act to re&ifya Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out " of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies *' therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; and for further " appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of " Parliament

An Act to explain,’ amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act, 'made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts " of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and " Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent " the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in " those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the " Seas:"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be " answerable for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners," and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships;

An Act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of llaughtering Horses:

An Act for naturalizing Albertine Marianne

Martis, 11* die Julii;

Anno. 26* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 17 & 6.

Praters.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis to Bills. jlV Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill following; viz.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the U fe of Lady Maria Carllon, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the find Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country:

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

An Act; to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late CommiflTary General in 1Worth America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office:

An Act to limit a Time for the Re-payment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise, and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps, and for the Amendment of several Laws relating, to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and "Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents:

Vol. 41.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a King’s Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses ^Peecb‘ of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot close this Session of Parliament without expressing the particular Satisfaction with which I have observed your diligent Attention to the Public Business, and the Measures you have have adopted for improving the Resources of the Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the Supplies which you have granted for the Service of the current Year, and for the Provision you have made for discharging the Incumbrances on the Revenue applicable to the Uses of My Civil Government: The most lalutary Eflfefts are to be expected from the Plan adopted for the Reduction of the National Debt; an Object which I consider as inseparably connected with the eflfential Interests of the Public.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Assurances which I continue to receive from Abroad promise the Continuance of general Tranquillity.

The happy Eflfefts of Peace have already appeared in the Exlension of the National Commerce; and no Measures shall be wanting on My Part which can tend to confirm these Advantages, and to give additional Encouragement to the Manufactures and Industry of My People.

And afterwards the Earl Bathurst, by His Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 14th Day of prorogued. September next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 14th Day of September next.

4

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

140 Sept.^ — t6° Oct. — 140 Dec. A. 1786.

980

Jovis, 14* die Septembris;

Anno s6* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

TH £ House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Mefltwe was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman tJiher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of HHl Mkjbfty's Commission, defife the immediate Attendarice of this Honourable Hdiife, in the Hdtife of PiefeW, to hdfct the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to toe House of Peers: Where the Chmrfiiffion was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, tmtil Thursday the 26th Day Of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 26th Day of October next

Jovis, 2&° die;

Anno 27* Georgii IirB Regis, 1786.

THE House being met, purtuSWt to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman U flier of the Black Rod:

Honourable House, in the House of PeetS, to heat the Commission read.

Accordingly toe House, with the Clerk, Went up to the House of Peers: Where toe Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, uiitil Thursday the 14th Day of December next: And toe Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 14th Hay of December next.

"; / k m.» 'tun. >,.11 :a»,rL., . t. __

Joini', 14* dieDecembris;

Anno 27* Georgii III*" Regis, 1786.

TH £ House being met, pursuant to the last Proro- Parliament gation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; farther A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogo*<1* Quarme, Yeoman Utoer of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 23d Day of January next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 23d Day of January next.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons;

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, defirte toe intthtediafte Attendance of this

[Index removed.]

